


Insider Trading - Isely Charity - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Isely Charity





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-12-08Sale
2016-12-096:51 pm
Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc.
NGVC
Isely CharityOther
700
$11.9
$8,332
17,762(Direct)
View


2016-09-14Sale
2016-09-165:03 pm
Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc.
NGVC
Isely CharityOther
1,000
$10.83
$10,830
18,462(Direct)
View


2016-08-23Sale
2016-08-244:46 pm
Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc.
NGVC
Isely CharityOther
1,500
$12.19
$18,287
19,462(Direct)
View


2016-02-09Sale
2016-05-267:13 pm
Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc.
NGVC
Isely CharityOther
1,200
$18.72
$22,466
21,462(Direct)
View










    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 02:02:20 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Anna R Isely - Waitsburg, WA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Anna R Isely in Waitsburg, WA


Anna R Isely

                                                                                       Intelius found that Anna R Isely  is  a female between 20 and 30 years old from Waitsburg, WA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                0 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Anna R Isely is in her 20s

Anna Has Lived In

Waitsburg, WA

Anna's Relatives

Pamdave Isely
Charity Isely
Lark Isely
Kara Isely







Anna R Isely



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderFemale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Anna? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Anna, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Anna R Isely
Get a Criminal Check on Anna R Isely
Get a Public Record Report on Anna R Isely
Get a People Search Report on Anna R Isely


Anna R Isely's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Anna R Isely has lived as well as Anna R Isely's phone numbers and email addresses.




Anna R Isely Has Lived in 1 States
Washington Address for Anna R Isely


 P* B** 1** 

Waitsburg, WA


Has Lived In

Waitsburg, WA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Anna R Isely



Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Anna R Isely



Get Email Report




Anna R Isely's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Anna R Isely


Anna R Isely's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Anna R Isely's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Anna Isely
Username Matches

                  AnnaIsely
                  IselyAnna
                  Anna.Isely
                  Isely.Anna
                  Anna_Isely
                  Isely_Anna
                  Anna-Isely
                  Isely-Anna
                  AIsely
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Isely







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















Charity Isely (K), 41  - Waitsburg, WA | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family















View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Charity Isely
 Waitsburg, WA
 Age: 41 -
								09/30/1975




AKA:
                                                Charity K Isely













Work Info








                                    Single






Has Kids






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Charity










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







(509) 522-4913










****@gmail.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











2*** **** Rd


Waitsburg, WA 99361







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Charity Isely  was born in 1975.
        Charity
                   currently lives in 



Waitsburg
.
        
                     Before that, she lived in
                        



Littleton
, CO.
                            















About & Contact Information


Charity's Story






Please Wait...


            Charity Isely  was born in 1975.
            Charity
                currently lives in 



Waitsburg
.
            
                        Before that, she lived in
                        



Littleton
, CO.
                            





Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
2*** **** Rd
Waitsburg, WA
View Address


Past Address
73*** **** St




Littleton
, CO
View Address


Past Address





Santa Fe
, NM
View Address


Past Address





Littleton
, CO
View Address





                                                     
                                                            Current Phone Number
                                                        
(509) 522-4913




Email Address
****@gmail.com
View Email





    Charity may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Charity's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Charity may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Charity may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Charity may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Charity may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Charity may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Charity's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Charity may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Charity may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Charity's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Charity Isely's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Charity










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Charity may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Charity. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Charity may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Charity may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Charity may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Charity may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 VI



                                                        VirginiaIsely


                                                      Englewood, CO



 JR



                                                        JanetRodina


                                                      Sebastopol, CA



 AI



                                                        AnnaIsely


                                                      Waitsburg, WA



 SI



                                                        SarahIsely


                                                      Waitsburg, WA



 MI



                                                        MariahIsely


                                                      Sebastopol, CA



 KI



                                                        KemperIsely


                                                      Englewood, CO



 MI



                                                        MaryIsely


                                                      Arvada, CO



 DI



                                                        DianeIsely


                                                      Waitsburg, WA



 DI



                                                        DyamiIsely-parvanta


                                                      Golden, CO



 DI



                                                        DavidIsely


                                                      Lockhart, TX



 LI



                                                        LarkIsely


                                                      Waitsburg, WA



 ZI



                                                        ZephyrIsely


                                                      Golden, CO




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Charity may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies



















A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Charity build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Charity Isely
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Charity's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Charity have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Charity
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about her on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Charity

Is there anything you want to say about her on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Charity

Is there anything you want to say about her concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Charity?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Charity Isely?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Charity 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Charity .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Charity Isely
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Charity Isely's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Charity's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Charity Isely










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












ï¿½
Send a message to  Charity



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Charity Isely










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Sat Jul 29 00:02:20 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 









 
They’re good for you – The Denver Post








































 

  




























eEdition
Subscribe/Members
Newsletters
Obituaries
 











The Denver Post












			They’re good for you		



Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) 








			Trending:		










 

 
 

LifestyleFood & Drink



			They’re good for you		

Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)MoreClick to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window)Vitamin Cottage co-president Kemper Isley sits in a cart flanked by immediate and extended family, all of whom work for the company (except the kids). Clockwise from bottom, Masala Isely-Rice; Isley's wife, Rachelle; Luke; Charity; Heather (holding Charlie Isely-Rice); Mary; David; and Raquel.Lakewood Vitamin Cottage employee Dottie Eddy helps Judy Norman of Aspen pick a lotion. Last year, the Colorado Department of Agriculture named Vitamin Cottage Grocer of the Year.Show Caption of ExpandBy Ellen Sweets | The Denver PostPUBLISHED: April 24, 2006 at 3:35 pm | UPDATED: May 8, 2016 at 4:07 am




Sign up for newsletters and alerts



Submit your news tips or photos



Most Popular




			Colorado Divide: Isolated mountain towns struggle to survive with authentic identities without becoming tourist traps		





			Michael Bennet, yelling on Senate floor, says Donald Trump doesn’t care or know what’s in the GOP health care bill		





			The night John McCain killed the GOP’s health care fight		





			Broncos QBs air it out during second day of training camp, Von Miller entertains crowd		





			Want a tiny home? Two dozen are rolling into a Colorado festival this weekend		





			Reconciling class differences in divided nation		








How idyllic, the notion of a vitamin cottage nestled in a happy canyon, where fresh- faced workers greet shoppers with the cheery “hello” associated with a gathering of friends.          
As Disneyesque as it might sound, there is indeed a Vitamin Cottage in the Happy Canyon shopping center on East Hampden Avenue.          
Although it’s a refurbished storefront space, and not a cottage, it does offer a huge inventory of vitamin supplements and all things natural and organic, from gluten-free millet and Health Valley amaranth flakes to Newman’s Own organic cat food and biodegradable doggy cleanup bags.          
Welcome to the quiet world of Colorado’s oldest family-owned natural foods operation, coming up on its 50th anniversary, Vitamin Cottage has 26 stores in Colorado and New Mexico.          
Shoppers will find sandwiches from Udi’s and such exotic soft drinks as Kombucha Wonder Drink, described as a “sparkling Himalayan tonic” made from Asian pear, ginger and oolong tea.          
Judy Shore shops here often. Today, she navigates the aisles, contemplating what to do with the poached chicken breasts she already has cooked at home.          
“I’m trying to think of some way to beef them up,” she says, her arms already filled with munchies for her grandchildren. “Maybe a put it in a sauce over pasta.”          
Shore shops at the store because it is convenient, but for other reasons too.          
“I was a health-food nut before it was fashionable,” she says. “I come here often because it’s less expensive than that other store. You know, Wild Foods or the Boulder one, Whole Oats, or whatever they’re called.”          


She is referring to Whole Foods Market, the Texas-          
based Goliath founded in 1980 as a small store in Austin, now the largest retailer of natural and organic foods; and Wild Oats Markets, founded in Boulder in 1987.          
Today, Whole Foods has 183 stores in North America and the United Kingdom and Wild Oats has 111 stores in the United States and Canada.          
Room for the little guy   
Ironically, there is a Whole Foods Market just around the corner from a Vitamin Cottage at 30th and Pearl streets in Boulder. Both opened about the same time six years ago, and both are top sellers in their respective chains. Whole Foods spokesman Scott Simon says his company doesn’t have a problem with that.          
“On the contrary,” he says. “There are times with retail where companies that might appear to be competition are close to one another, but in the end it turns out to be a positive. It creates more traffic and more interest in the shopping center. Competition makes everyone work harder, and in the end it benefits the the consumer.”          
Think David, not so much seeking to slay grocery giants, but providing natural and organic foods to such underserved markets as Longmont, Glenwood Springs, Pueblo, Monument and Grand Junction.          
And speaking of underserved markets, a new Vitamin Cottage is scheduled to open in August in the grocery-storeless Platte River Valley, at 2375 15th St. in the Shakespeare’s Pub space. The full-size store will carry organic produce, frozen foods, dairy, vitamins, herbs, health and beauty aids, and books.          
Isely eyes are also on Steamboat Springs, Durango, Texas and Utah. Such decisions are made by an executive board comprised of Kemper Isely, co-president of the Vitamin Cottage with his brother Zephyr; sisters Liz Isely, vice president of operations; and Heather Isely, vice president and secretary.          
“We feel we are complementary to Whole Foods and Wild Oats, not competitors,” Kemper Isely says. “We enhance rather than compete. We don’t have a fresh-meat section, but if you want fresh-frozen buffalo, lamb ostrich or elk, you can find it at some of our stores, and we carry as many purely organic products as we can.”          
“If a product doesn’t meet our standards, we don’t carry it. Or in the case of one product, we found it was using an ingredient that wasn’t actually natural, and we discontinued it and told them why.”          
This attention to detail has won respect from customers and regulators.          
Last year, the Colorado Department of Agriculture named Vitamin Cottage Grocer of the Year. Measurement standards section chief Kristin Young says the award recognized excellence in packaging and labeling at the Lakewood Vitamin Cottage Bulk Warehouse, which distributes the pre-weighed packages throughout the state.          
“When products are measured and sold by weights, our inspectors make sure contents and labeling are correct. We chose (them) for superior compliance, and a very clean inspection history overall,” Young says. “Vitamin Cottage and its employees serve as a role model for other Colorado grocers.”          
Family values   
The pride seems to filter down.          
Tim Hanes is manager at the Wadsworth Boulevard store in Lakewood. Before moving to Colorado, he became interested in natural foods while working his way through college at Trader Joe’s, eventually earning a degree in theology.          
He came to Boulder to help build a recreation center for a church and heard about Vitamin Cottage and signed on.          
“I think what attracted me was how ethical the owners are about the company and the strong sense of family,” he says, referring to founder Margaret Isely, who died in 1997. “We have her to thank for free health benefits and dental benefits.”          
And for an ongoing education program conducted through occasional seminars, the Health Hotline nutrition newsletter, and informed in-house staff.          
Most recently the company launched seasonal television commercials – some sandwiched between portions of the evening news and segments of “The Oprah Winfrey Show.”          
The folksy ads address the misconception that the stores only sell health products, and show an “inspector” who checks off all the items that are “not a vitamin.”          
Although Margaret and Philip Isely established Vitamin Cottage, it was Margaret’s business acumen that became the business’ driving force. Her photograph hangs in every store. She died in 1997. Philip Isely, now 90, lives in Denver and travels as time and energy permit.          
“My parents moved to Colorado in the 1950s and built a house on Lookout Mountain,” Kemper Isely says. “She had some health problems and started taking vitamin B12 shots, which helped a lot. As she talked to more natural foods people and learned more, she started selling vitamins door to door.”          
Margaret Isely was so good at it that she was able to move those vitamins into a little house in Lakewood that looked like a cottage. (It’s still there, at West 14th Avenue and Estes Street, with the original sign out front.) The first store was called the Builder’s Foundation. The name came from Margaret Isely’s belief that good health was built on a foundation of good nutrition. A year later the old name was changed to the current one.          
“It was the days of Wonder Bread,” Kemper Isely says. “I’d take my lunch to school, we’d all sit down and open our brown bags, and everyone had Wonder Bread but me. I had home-baked whole wheat bread. Kids would ask me what it was and when I told them, they’d all go, ‘eeuuw, that’s gross.”          
All six of the Isely children grew up healthy, except for Robin, who died at 15 from an adverse reaction to a tetanus inoculation.          
In addition to the sons and daughters of the founders continuing the family business, there are 16 grandchildren between 3 and 30.          
Two of the grandchildren, Dave Isely and his sister Charity, are also involved. Dave and Carol, his wife, recently introduced a new member to the fourth generation, 7-month-old Christian. Dave works at the Denver store on Hampden.          
“At first I didn’t think I would be involved,” he says. “My parents had a store in Walla Walla (Wash.), and I started working there when I was really young. Then, after we closed it I came to Colorado and started out at the bottom of the totem pole. I’m about a quarter of the way up now.”          
Staff writer Ellen Sweets can be reached at 303-820-1284 or esweets@denverpost.com. 

Vitamin Cottage events 
Arthritis survival  
What: Holistic medical treatment program for arthritis by osteopath Dr. Rob Ivker and Todd Nelson       
When: 7 p.m. Thursday       
Where: Green Mountain Vitamin Cottage, 12612 W. Alameda Parkway, Lakewood. 303-986-5700       
Price: Free       
Meditation and mindful eating  
What: Kevin Doherty teaches techniques for overcoming emotional eating and food addictions, as well as strategies for making dietary changes without self-sabotage. Also hear a discussion of Asian traditions of meditation and eating       
When: 7 p.m. May 4       
Where: Vitamin Cottage, 100 W. South Boulder Road, Lafayette 303-926-1600       
Price: Free       
Commonly used drugs and the nutrients they deplete  
What: Nutritionist Jolie Root examines how the most commonly used medications deplete important nutrients and offers natural drug alternatives       
When: 7 p.m. May 16       
Where: Green Mountain Vitamin Cottage, 12612 W. Alameda Parkway, Lakewood. 303-986-5700       
Price: Free      

TO YOUR HEALTH, A-Z 
In addition to vitamins and groceries, The Vitamin Cottage offers a wide array of educational materials in its stores and on its website. Here’s an A-Z sampling of the store’s products:       
Arrowroot: Like cornstarch, this powder thickens puddings and sauces. It can replace some of the flour in baked goods to yield a more tender product. High in calcium and easy to digest.       
Brown rice flour: This finely ground, gluten-free powder gives a nutty flavor and granular texture to baked goods.       
Carob: Roasted, ground locust tree pods offer an alternative to cocoa powder and are a rich source of calcium and potassium. Carob is naturally sweet and contains no caffeine or oxalic acid.       
Daikon radish: A large Japanese root vegetable with a sweet, pungent flavor, crisp white flesh and off-white skin. A digestive aid, it is often served with fatty foods.       
Egg replacer: A vegan product usually consisting of potato starch, tapioca starch and a leavening agent.       
Fennel: Green and white bulb with pale green stalks and bright green feathery “branches,” with a delicate licoricelike flavor. Used in sweet and savory dishes.       
Ghee: Pure butterfat with a high smoke point so it can be used in sautéeing without burning. Ghee has a nutty flavor and is used in Indian cooking.       
Hokkaido (kabocha squash): A winter squash with dark green skin and sweet, orange flesh. A rich source of beta carotene vitamin C and iron.       
Immune-enhancing: Saw palmetto berries act to increase urine flow, to diminish inflammation and to reduce muscle spasms.       
Jamaica dogwood: This potent herb (Piscidia erythrina/Piscidia piscipula) is best known as a traditional remedy for treating neuralgia (severe, stabbing nerve pain), migraine, insomnia, anxiety, fear and nervous tension. It has potentially toxic effects if used in large amounts.       
Kamut: An ancient Egyptian word for wheat and a relative of modern wheat, kamut has a buttery flavor due to its high fat content. High in protein, magnesium and zinc.       
Liquid aminos: A liquid condiment made from soybean protein. Often used in raw foods, liquid aminos usually contain MSG. Nama shoyu (unpasteurized) is a good alternative, although all soy sauces contain some naturally occurring MSG.       
Millet flour: This flour adds a cakelike texture to baked goods. Because it lacks the protein gluten, it is best combined with wheat flour. Millet is beneficial to the stomach, spleen and pancreas., and is very high in protein, iron, phosphorus and the B complex vitamins.       
Nutritional yeast (brewer’s yeast): Used in beer brewing and as a nutritional supplement. A rich source of protein and B vitamins.       
Okra: From Ethiopia, this khaki green vegetable came to the United States with slaves. Best known as an ingredient in gumbo it may be stewed, fried or sautéed, preferably with some type of acid. Okra is high in carotene and vitamin C.       
Panax ginseng: American and Asian ginsengs belong to the species Panax and are similar in chemical composition. A light tan, gnarled root, sometimes resembling a human body, with stringy shoots that look like arms and legs. May help in healing.       
Quercetin: One of the plant pigments called flavonoids that are largely responsible for the colors of many fruits, flowers and vegetables. Acts as antihistamine and helps reduce inflammation associated with various forms of arthritis. Also works as an antioxidant by scavenging damaging particles in the body known as free radicals.       
Radicchio: This beet-colored Italian chicory is available year-round. It has a bitter flavor and is commonly served raw in salads. Try radicchio grilled, sautéed or braised, or in soup or pasta. An excellent source of vitamins A and C.       
Shiitake mushrooms: Available dried and fresh, shiitakes have a meaty flavor and texture. The fresh ones are good sautéed, grilled or broiled. Dried shiitakes work best in stocks, due to their chewy texture. Shiitakes contain substances proven to stimulate the immune system and lower cholesterol.       
Teff: This tiny brown grain has been a staple in Ethiopia for centuries, where it is still used as a flour rather than a whole grain. Teff is rich in minerals and protein. Recent interest in obscure grains has created a market for teff in the U.S., and it is currently grown in Idaho.       
Ume plum vinegar (umeboshi vinegar): A liquid byproduct of umeboshi plum production; green plums are pickled with salt water and red shiso leaves for one year, yielding maroon-colored, salty-sour plums and a pinkish liquid with a similar flavor. Use umeboshi vinegar sparingly in dressings, soups and sauces.       
Valerian: Native to the Americas, Asia and Europe, valerian as been used to ease insomnia, stress-related anxiety and nervous restlessness for thousands of years. May also ease menstrual and stomach cramps, irritable bowel syndrome, some of the restlessness that accompanies attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and migraine symptoms.       
Wakame seaweed flakes: These precooked and dried pieces of the sea vegetable wakame make a healthy addition to soups, salads and grains. Wakame is an excellent source of calcium iron iodione and niacin and contains trace minerals and vitamin C.       
Willow bark: The use of willow bark dates to the time of Hippocrates (400 B.C.), when patients were advised to chew on the bark to reduce fever and inflammation. Willow bark has been used throughout the centuries in China and Europe, and continues to be used by herbalists to treatment fever, pain (particularly low-back pain), headache and inflammatory conditions.       
Zhitai: Also called red yeast rice, this supplement has been used in China for centuries as a food and as a medicinal substance to promote blood circulation, soothe upset stomach and invigorate the function of the spleen. It is also used for bruised muscles, hangovers, indigestion and colic in infants. It is classified as a dietary supplement by the Food and Drug Administration, but some say it is actually an unregulated medication.       
Source: vitamincottage.com


More in News






 






			Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassment		



July 29, 2017, 12:09 am



			As many as 10 workers in Yellowstone National Park’s maintenance division will be disciplined after an investigation found female employees were subjected to sexual harassment and other problems.		








 






			Can Big Tobacco really quit cigarettes?		



July 29, 2017, 12:01 am



			The tobacco industry’s race to create less-harmful nicotine products just kicked into overdrive.		








 






			Drones are used for everything from saving lives to land surveying, but training lags behind		



July 29, 2017, 12:54 am



			In Colorado, the drone industry is on the verge of a boom. Falling costs and improving technologies have helped launch UAVs in the public sector, where the vehicles are used for everything from search and rescue to fighting wildfires. Now, experts are drafting guidelines.		








 






			Wary and weary, progressives celebrate victory over ACA repeal		



July 28, 2017, 11:45 pm



			One day later, Wikler and a sizable army of activists were still dazed, and a little nervous. The anti-Trump “resistance” movement, which has repeatedly watched the repeal effort “die” and be miraculously reborn, looked at the Senate vote as a genuine victory, with lessons about how to keep blocking the Republican agenda.		











Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			




























    NGVC Key Statistics - Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.

                  NYSE: NGVC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 4:30 p.m.


NGVC

/quotes/zigman/10995420/composite


$
8.68




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 498
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/10995420/composite
Previous close

$
			8.58
		


$
				8.68
			
Change

+0.10
+1.17%





Day low
Day high
$8.52
$8.82










52 week low
52 week high

            $7.77
        

            $13.89
        

















			Company Description 


			Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. operates natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement stores. It offers the following product categories, natural and organic food, dietary supplements, natural body care, household and pet care products. The company was founded by Margaret Isely and He...
		


                Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. operates natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement stores. It offers the following product categories, natural and organic food, dietary supplements, natural body care, household and pet care products. The company was founded by Margaret Isely and Henry Philip Isely in 1955 and is headquartered in Lakewood, CO.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
16.06


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
20.00


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
21.88


Price to Sales Ratio
0.36


Price to Book Ratio
1.98


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
8.71


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
5.21


Enterprise Value to Sales
0.33


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.19

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
229,505.00


Income Per Employee
3,732.00


Receivables Turnover
223.15


Total Asset Turnover
2.73

Liquidity

Current Ratio
1.46


Quick Ratio
0.17


Cash Ratio
0.06



Profitability

Gross Margin
25.10


Operating Margin
2.89


Pretax Margin
2.46


Net Margin
1.63


Return on Assets
4.44


Return on Equity
9.47


Return on Total Capital
6.97


Return on Invested Capital
6.99

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
46.82


Total Debt to Total Capital
31.89


Total Debt to Total Assets
21.02


Long-Term Debt to Equity
46.44


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
31.63





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Todd  Dissinger 
-
-
Vice President-Treasury



Mr. Edward A. Cerkovnik 
57
2013
Independent Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





05/31/2017

Lark Isely                            


2,001


 
Disposition at $9.92 per share.


19,849


05/31/2017

Charity Isely                            


1,083


 
Disposition at $9.91 per share.


10,732


03/02/2017

Richard Hallé 
Director

2,941


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/02/2017

Michael T. Campbell 
Director

2,941


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


03/02/2017

Edward A. Cerkovnik 
Director

2,941


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


02/10/2017

Charity Isely                            


500


 
Disposition at $12.28 per share.


6,140


12/08/2016

Charity Isely                            


700


 
Disposition at $11.9 per share.


8,330


09/14/2016

Charity Isely                            


1,000


 
Disposition at $10.83 per share.


10,830


08/23/2016

Charity Isely                            


1,500


 
Disposition at $12.19 per share.


18,285


08/03/2016

Edward A. Cerkovnik 
Director

2,000


 
Acquisition at $12.84 per share.


25,680


08/03/2016

Edward A. Cerkovnik 
Director

2,000


 
Acquisition at $12.86 per share.


25,720


06/02/2016

Raquel M Isely                            


1,400


 
Acquisition at $13.59 per share.


19,026


05/18/2016

Kemper Isely 
Chairman & Co-President; Director

7,500


 
Acquisition at $12.86 per share.


96,450


05/10/2016

Richard Hallé 
Director

4,000


 
Acquisition at $13.52 per share.


54,080


05/10/2016

Michael T. Campbell 
Director

2,500


 
Acquisition at $13.35 per share.


33,375








/news/latest/company/us/ngvc

      MarketWatch News on NGVC
    




 Natural Grocers stock price target cut to $13 from $17 at SunTrust RH
8:09 a.m. Feb. 3, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage downgraded to hold at SunTrust RH
8:09 a.m. Feb. 3, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage started at buy with $14 stock price target at Citigroup
9:45 a.m. Oct. 11, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage started at equal weight with $12 stock price target at Barclays
10:23 a.m. Sept. 23, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage downgraded to sector perform from outperform at RBC Capital
7:57 a.m. April 21, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Natural Grocers stock price target cut to $16 from $29 at RBC Capital
7:58 a.m. April 21, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore





National Grocers by Vitamin Cottage called 'buy of the week'

3:41 p.m. Jan. 24, 2013
 - blogs.marketwatch.com




 WhiteWave Foods moves up in stock-market debut
10:52 a.m. Oct. 26, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com




 Leading stocks nicked amid flight to safety
6:55 a.m. Sept. 27, 2012
 - The Trading Deck




 The best market rallies defy logic
12:01 a.m. Aug. 9, 2012
 - The Trading Deck




 Natural Grocers Opens 20% higher post-IPO
10:39 a.m. July 25, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com




 Natural Grocers IPO prices at $15 a share
6:45 a.m. July 25, 2012
 - MarketWatch.com









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/ngvc

      Other News on NGVC
    





Look Who's In The Bardo: Voices From The Whole Foods Acquisition

7:13 a.m. July 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Albertson's said to be mystery WFM bidder

11:43 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Restocking The Aisles After Big Changes In Grocery

2:25 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





As Grocery Stores Struggle, Some CEOs Get Bargain-Bin Bonuses

9:03 p.m. June 11, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition





Nutraceutical takeover shakes up wellness sector

1:42 p.m. May 22, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage (NGVC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

8:20 p.m. May 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: NATURAL GROCERS BY VITAMIN COTTAGE, INC.
4:18 p.m. May 4, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Notable earnings after Thursday’s close

5:35 p.m. May 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Grocery store sector jolted by Jana interest in Whole Foods

3:06 p.m. April 10, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Domini Social Investments LLC Buys Universal Display, Hologic, Natural Grocers by Vitamin ...

7:38 p.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage (NGVC) Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

11:19 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: NATURAL GROCERS BY VITAMIN COTTAGE, INC.
5:15 p.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Grocery store sector lifted by pricing read

1:52 p.m. Jan. 17, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Grocery store chains to battle deflation headwind

2:24 p.m. Jan. 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage - A Cash Flow Story

8:45 p.m. Dec. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Hottest Retail Trade Stocks Now – CBK URBN DKS TSCO

11:45 a.m. Dec. 30, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Retail Trade Stocks Now – WMK STKS SSI VNCE

5:15 p.m. Dec. 28, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





3 Food & Staples Retailing Stocks to Sell Now

9:45 a.m. Dec. 27, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Retail Trade Stocks Now – CONN ASNA NGVC FINL

5:30 p.m. Dec. 26, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Retail Trade Stocks Now – LITB VNCE JMEI FRSH

6:00 p.m. Dec. 23, 2016
 - InvestorPlace.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc.
12612 West Alameda Parkway


Lakewood, Colorado 80228




Phone
1 3039864600


Industry
Food Retail


Sector
Retail/Wholesale


Fiscal Year-end
09/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$705.50M


Net Income
$11.47M


2016 Sales Growth 
12.9%


Employees

        3,074


Annual Report for NGVC











/news/pressrelease/company/us/ngvc

      Press Releases on NGVC
    




 Natural Grocers is Hiring in Heber City, Utah
12:00 p.m. July 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. Announces Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
4:05 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Brings Organic Produce to a Denver Food Desert
10:57 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers' Downtown Denver Store Relocates to RiNo Bringing Organic Produce to a Food Desert
12:51 p.m. July 5, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Wins International "Good Egg Award" for its Breakthrough 100% Free-Range Egg Standard and Ranking System
4:21 p.m. June 29, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers to Open New Iowa City Store on June 21
4:34 p.m. June 6, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers to Open New Portland Store on June 7
5:48 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Opens New Store in Denver's Design District
11:41 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Announces Second Quarter and First Half Fiscal 2017 Results
4:10 p.m. May 4, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Partners with Weleda for Mother's Day Donation Drive
3:32 p.m. April 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Opens in Jonesboro, Arkansas on May 10 With Grand Opening Celebration
9:07 a.m. April 26, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast
4:05 p.m. April 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers is Hiring in Iowa City
11:03 a.m. April 18, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Features Environment Conscious Food Producers in Honor of Earth Day
12:22 p.m. April 11, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Opens in Davenport, Iowa on April 19 With Grand Opening Celebration
9:07 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Rolls Out Kombucha Taps at Boulder and Longmont Locations
12:04 p.m. March 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers is Hiring in Denver
3:40 p.m. March 29, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers Launches New Broadcast TV Campaign to Advocate for Animal Welfare Standards and Organic, Sustainable Food Practices
1:03 p.m. March 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Natural Grocers to Relocate Boulder Store -- Grand Re-Opening Scheduled for March 30
9:07 a.m. March 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Kombucha on Tap at Natural Grocers' Utah Stores
9:07 a.m. March 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




3:02 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc (NGVC.K)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Natural Grocers By Vitamin Cottage Inc (NGVC.K)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataSMiscellaneous Specialty Retailers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NGVC.K on New York Consolidated


				8.68USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.10


					            (+1.17%)
					        






Prev Close

$8.58


Open

$8.53




Day's High

$8.82


Day's Low

$8.52




Volume

95,963


Avg. Vol

111,377




52-wk High

$13.89


52-wk Low

$7.77











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kemper Isely

54


                                Chairman of the Board, Co-President




							Zephyr Isely

67
1998

                                Co-President, Director




							Sandra Buffa

64
2008

                                Chief Financial Officer




							Heather Isely

51
1998

                                Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary, Director




							Elizabeth Isely

62
1998

                                Executive Vice President, Director




							Michael Campbell

72
2012

                                Independent Director




							Edward Cerkovnik

59
2013

                                Independent Director




							Richard Halle

52
2012

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kemper Isely


					
							Mr. Kemper Isely is Director, Chairman of the Board, Co-President of the company. Mr. Isely has been a director and our Co-President since 1998. He joined the Company as an employee in 1977 and during his tenure with our Company has functioned as Store Manager, Warehouse Manager, Director of Marketing, Director of Purchasing, Director of Operations and Director of Finance.




							Zephyr Isely


					
							Mr. Zephyr Isely is Co-President, Director of the company. He has been a director and our Co-President since 1998. He joined the Company as an employee in 1969 and during his tenure with our Company has functioned as Store Manager, Director of Receiving, Warehouse Manager, Director of Operations, Director of Purchasing, Director of Accounting, Manager of Payroll and Compensation and Director of Information Systems.




							Sandra Buffa


					
							Ms. Sandra Buffa is Chief Financial Officer of the company. Ms. Buffa has served as our Chief Financial Officer since 2008 when she joined our Company. Prior to joining our Company, from 2005 to 2007, Ms. Buffa worked at QCE, LLC, the parent company of the Quizno’s restaurant chain, as its Chief Financial Officer. From 2001 to 2005, Ms. Buffa was the Chief Financial Officer of Mrs. Fields’ Original Cookies, Inc. and also served as the Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of its parent company from 2004 to 2005. Ms. Buffa was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Crabtree & Evelyn, Ltd. from 1998 to 1999 and its Chief Financial Officer in 1998. Ms. Buffa served as the Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Vista Optical from 1993 to 1998. Ms. Buffa began her career with the firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers, most recently as a Senior Audit Manager. Ms. Buffa is a Certified Public Accountant.




							Heather Isely


					
							Ms. Heather Isely is Executive Vice President, Corporate Secretary, Director of the company. He has been a director and our Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary since 1998. Ms. Heather Isely joined the Company as an employee in 1989 and during her tenure with our Company has functioned as Produce Coordinator, Store Manager, Manager of Quality Control, Director of Nutrition Education, Manager of Operations, Manager of Compensation, Manager of Training and Director of Human Resources.




							Elizabeth Isely


					
							Ms. Elizabeth Isely is Executive Vice President, Director of the company. He has been a director and our Executive Vice President since 1998. Ms. Elizabeth Isely joined the Company as an employee in 1977 and during her tenure with our Company has functioned as Store Manager, Regional Manager, Director of Operations, Manager of Training and Director of New Store Openings.




							Michael Campbell


					
							Mr. Michael T. Campbell is Independent Director of the company. He has been a director since the consummation of our IPO in 2012. Mr. Campbell has served as a member of the board of directors of Houston Wire & Cable Company (NASDAQ: HWCC) since 2008 and has served as the chairman of its audit committee since 2009, as a member of its nominating and corporate governance committee since 2012 and as a member of its compensation committee since 2016. Mr. Campbell has also been a member of the board of advisors of Lee Truck Equipment, Inc. (d/b/a Casper’s Truck Equipment) since 2007. Mr. Campbell previously served in the technical support department of the national office of Deloitte & Touche LLP, and he was also the lead technical accounting and auditing partner in the Denver office prior to his retirement in June 2001.




							Edward Cerkovnik


					
							Mr. Edward Cerkovnik is Independent Director of the company. He has been a director since July 23, 2013. Mr. Cerkovnik is a founder, a director and the President of Breckenridge-Wynkoop, LLC, which owns and operates seven brew pubs, ale houses and other restaurant concepts. He was a founder, officer and director of Breckenridge Holding Company, the owner and operator of the Breckenridge Brewery, from its inception in 1994 until its sale in 2016. In addition, Mr. Cerkovnik has been an active principal in other restaurant and commercial real estate projects since 1994.




							Richard Halle


					
							Mr. Richard Halle is Independent Director of the company. He has been a director since October 17, 2012. Since 2011, Mr. Hallé has served as the Chief Financial Officer of The Berry Company, LLC in Englewood, Colorado, overseeing finance, including accounting, treasury, tax, planning, forecasting, budgeting and financial reporting. Previously, Mr. Hallé served as the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of DTN Holding Company, Inc. in Omaha, Nebraska from 2003 to 2008 and as a Managing Director of FTI Consulting, Inc. from 2002 to 2003 where he developed business restructuring strategies.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kemper Isely

621,958




							Zephyr Isely

587,163




							Sandra Buffa

571,098




							Heather Isely

541,656




							Elizabeth Isely

548,861




							Michael Campbell

--




							Edward Cerkovnik

--




							Richard Halle

--



As Of 
29 Sep 2016





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kemper Isely

0
0




							Zephyr Isely

0
0




							Sandra Buffa

0
0




							Heather Isely

0
0




							Elizabeth Isely

0
0




							Michael Campbell

0
0




							Edward Cerkovnik

0
0




							Richard Halle

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Isely (Charity)
1,083
$9.91


Isely (Lark)
2,001
$9.92


Campbell (MichaelT)
2,941
$0.00


Cerkovnik (Edward)
2,941
$0.00


Hallé (Richard)
2,941
$0.00


Isely (Charity)
500
$12.28


Isely (Charity)
700
$11.90


Isely (Charity)
1,000
$10.83


Isely (Charity)
1,500
$12.19


Cerkovnik (Edward)
2,000
$12.84


Cerkovnik (Edward)
2,000
$12.86


Isely (Raquel M)
1,400
$13.59


Isely (Kemper)
7,500
$12.88


Hallé (Richard)
4,000
$13.52


Campbell (MichaelT)
2,500
$13.35


Campbell (MichaelT)
2,054
$0.00


Cerkovnik (Edward)
2,054
$0.00


Hallé (Richard)
2,054
$0.00


Isely (Charity)
500
$20.00


Isely (Charity)
700
$17.81


Isely (Kemper)
1,000
$0.00


Isely (Raquel M)
1,000
$0.00


Isely (Kemper)
1,000
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataSMiscellaneous Specialty Retailers




















     NGVC Company Profile & Executives - Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc. - Wall Street Journal                                  DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  21830.31 0.15%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.10 -0.13%        Nasdaq ▲  6374.68 -0.12%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  6/32 yield 2.292%        Crude Oil ▲  49.79 1.53%        Euro ▲  1.1750 0.63%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     U.S. Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    July 29, 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In             Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc. NGVC (U.S.: NYSE)      search    View All companies           AT CLOSE 4:02 PM EDT 07/28/17     $8.68 USD     0.10 1.17%     Volume 95,465      AFTER HOURS 4:30 PM EDT 07/28/17    $8.68   0.00 0.00%    AFTER HOURS Vol 498      Volume 95,465     65 Day Avg Vol 125,691     1 Day Range 8.518 - 8.82     52 Week Range 7.77 - 13.89 (07/18/17 - 07/29/16)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Retail/Wholesale      Compare to    Add          Open  8.53   Prior Close  8.58 (07/27/17)     1 Day    NGVC 1.17%     DJIA 0.15%     Russell 2K -0.30%     Retail/Wholesale 0.00%                             Overview Profile     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Company Info Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.        12612 West Alameda Parkway Lakewood Colorado 80228 United States   Email Website Map       Employees  3,074    Sector  Food Retail      Sales or Revenue  705.50 M    Industry  Retail/Wholesale      1Y Sales Change   12.94%     Fiscal Year Ends  September 30 Download Reports                      Description Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.      Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. operates natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement stores. It offers the following product categories, natural and organic food, dietary supplements, natural body care, household and pet care products. The company was founded by Margaret Isely and Henry Philip Isely in 1955 and is headquartered in Lakewood, CO.    expand             Key People Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.   Board of Directors    Name/Title Current Board Membership          Edward A. Cerkovnik, 57  Independent Director   Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc.       expand    All Executives     Todd Dissinger Vice President-Treasury     Edward A. Cerkovnik Independent Director      expand         Advertisement            Average Growth Rates Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.   Past Five Years Ending 09/30/2016 (Fiscal Year)     Revenue  +21.95%    Net Income  +14.51%    Earnings Per Share  +14.44%      Capital Spending  +22.57%    Gross Margin  +29.24%    Cash Flow  +8844.71%             Insider Trading Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.   Transaction SummaryTotal Insider Purchases and Sales Reported to the SEC    Timeframe Transactions Shares     Last 3 Months    0 Purchases 2 Sales       0      3,084       Last 6 Months    3 Purchases 3 Sales       8,823      3,584       Last 12 Months    5 Purchases 6 Sales       12,823      6,784        Most Recent Insider Transactions August 2016 - May 2017      Filing Date Name/Title Shares Transaction Value        02/10/17 Charity Isely 500 Disposition at $12.28 per share 6,140   03/02/17 Richard HalléDirector 2,941 Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share 0   03/02/17 Michael T. CampbellDirector 2,941 Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share 0   03/02/17 Edward A. CerkovnikDirector 2,941 Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share 0   05/31/17 Lark Isely 2,001 Disposition at $9.92 per share 19,850   05/31/17 Charity Isely 1,083 Disposition at $9.91 per share 10,733   08/03/16 Edward A. CerkovnikDirector 2,000 Acquisition at $12.84 per share 25,680   08/03/16 Edward A. CerkovnikDirector 2,000 Acquisition at $12.86 per share 25,720   08/23/16 Charity Isely 1,500 Disposition at $12.19 per share 18,285   09/14/16 Charity Isely 1,000 Disposition at $10.83 per share 10,830   12/08/16 Charity Isely 700 Disposition at $11.90 per share 8,330      expand            Ownership Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage Inc.    Mutual Funds that own NGVC     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         Royce Opportunity Fund 574,894 2.56% +194,146 0.32% 06/30/17   ASTON/River Road Small Cap Value Fund 394,013 1.75% 0 1.13% 06/30/17   Harbor Small Cap Growth Fund 230,597 1.03% -3,420 0.27% 04/30/17   CF Canada Life Investments - Canlife North American Unit Fd. 219,320 0.98% 0 0.65% 02/28/17   Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund 217,020 0.97% 0 0.00% 06/30/17   iShares Russell 2000 ETF 177,512 0.79% +198 0.00% 06/29/17   Columbia Variable - Partners Small Cap Value Fund 171,814 0.77% +171,814 0.17% 03/31/17   CF Canada Life Investments - Canlife Global Equity Fund 147,465 0.66% 0 0.26% 02/28/17   Vanguard Consumer Staples Index Fund 119,468 0.53% +7,616 0.02% 06/30/17   Vanguard Extended Market Index Fund 113,136 0.50% +20,126 0.00% 06/30/17      expand      Institutions that own NGVC     Name Shares Held % Shares Out Change In Shares % of Assets As of Date         River Road Asset Management LLC 1,064,901 4.74% +286,661 0.17% 03/31/17   FIAM LLC 809,581 3.60% -155,690 0.02% 03/31/17   Royce & Associates LP 655,648 2.92% +84,648 0.03% 03/31/17   Westfield Capital Management Co. LP 650,855 2.90% +650,855 0.04% 03/31/17   The Vanguard Group, Inc. 562,202 2.50% +60,482 0.00% 03/31/17   BlackRock Fund Advisors 495,413 2.21% -2,714 0.00% 03/31/17   Rockshelter Capital Management LLC 381,431 1.70% +1,120 0.95% 03/31/17   Canada Life Asset Management Ltd. 366,785 1.63% 0 0.11% 02/28/17   Dimensional Fund Advisors LP 345,599 1.54% +84,957 0.00% 03/31/17   Kennedy Capital Management, Inc. 298,178 1.33% +57,131 0.04% 03/31/17      expand              Overview Profile    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                 




Meet Sarah Isley From In Love With Bodycare | Beauty Guru







































Skip to content



Beauty Guru Turning women into enlightened beauty consumers since 1997. 


				Primary Menu			








Meet Sarah Isley From In Love With Bodycare

People To KnowbeautyguruMay 22, 2011May 22, 2011

If you’ve paid attention to the Guru’s favorite products you may  have noticed I’ve become a big fan of the brand In Love With Bodycare over the last year. To me this brand has all the qualities I look for when I seek out an all-natural beauty company that’s truly trustworthy. It’s a small, independent company run by a group of sisters. Their products are original, effective and made with top-quality all-natural ingredients.
I recently talked with Sarah Isley, one of the sisters who founded In Love With Bodycare. Here is what she had to say…
Q: I’ve heard that your company was started by six sisters and one sister-in-law. Six sisters? Seriously? Do you all have names?
A: Ha ha, yes, seriously…. and luckily our parents did give us all names. From oldest to youngest they are; Charity, Sarah, Mary, Anna, Daisy, Alyssa and a sis-in-law named Caryl. We also have two brothers, Dave and Drew.
Q: What were you all doing before you started the company? 
A: We were bank robbers. Actually… we were all doing different things in different parts of the country. At different times we were all involved in the company that our grandmother started over 50 years ago but we all have somewhat of a gypsy inclination so we did a lot of traveling and moving around for a few years.
Q: What was the a-ha moment that let you know you had to create your own brand? 
A: It was when we realized how great the products that we were making for ourselves worked, and how unique they were, even within the natural market. We decided that if we had been searching for products like these.. others would be excited about them too. We already had them and knew how amazing they were, why not share them?
Q: Why did you decide that creating a new line of products was necessary with so many others on the market? What sets you apart from other brands? 
A: Every product we release must be completely pure, deliver extraordinary results and be unique. It’s skincare that also benefits the body and the senses. If we could have found everything we wanted in other products we never would have felt the need to make something else, so every product we make is different than anything we’ve ever used before.  Also… because of research we had been doing we knew the potential of some fairly unknown (at this point) ingredients for skin/body care such as mushrooms and saponins and we wanted to incorporate these amazing compounds in to our skin care because the benefits are incredible.
Q: You call the man who helped formulate your line “the genius”…he sounds like quite the enigma…can you tell us a little more about him or his background? 
A: He is quite the enigma… and if we tell you much more about him he would probably kill us but he is the kind of person you only meet once in a great while. He is a genius, inventor, machinist, has studied botanicals and chemistry for about 20 years and loves Mountain Dew. 
Q: How much input do you have in the formulation process? How long does it take from inception to finished product? 
A: We are all very involved in the whole process. Anytime one of us comes up with an idea for a product we want to have, we’re usually directly involved in the formulation of it even down to researching and choosing the best ingredients. Then of course we all test it and give our input until we come up with something we’re all happy with. How long the process takes depends on the product… some are harder to perfect!
Q: You mention that many of the methods and ingredients you incorporate into your products aren’t used by other skincare manufacturers because they are more expensive…can you give a few examples? 
A: Well there is a huge difference in the quality of the same ingredients depending on where you get them and how they are grown and processed. For example, cheap coconut oil does not have near the same quality or chemistry as more expensive organic coconut oil. Another example is that we use a high quality medicinal mushroom blend. A label could say that a product contains mushrooms and advertise all the amazing benefits of them, but if they just used a cheap blend of less powerful mushrooms you will not get the same benefits. Using small amounts of the key ingredients in a pre-made cheap lotion base will not deliver amazing results. As for methods… we have to use certain methods that are not cheap to keep the purity and effectiveness of our products and get the consistencies that we need. The methods we use, such as our carbon neutral distiller also ensure that our manufacturing processes are ALL eco-responsible. That question is hard to answer in a short version… I could tell you much more. 
Q: One thing I love about you guys is that, unlike many all-natural lines, your prices are reasonable. How are you able to keep the costs to the  consumer so low? 
A: We mark up our products based on the cost of raw materials, and we do not inflate the price just to be expensive and exclusive even though our product quality fits us into that category. We want to offer better results than expensive skincare to every girl at an affordable price.
Q: What does a typical “business day” look like for you? You mention all your manufacturing is done “in-house”…what exactly does that mean? Do you oversee the place where the products are made? 
A: Yes… our lab is in the same building as our design and fulfillment center so we can oversee the manufacturing and development. We do everything from label design, marketing, customer service, order fulfillment, etc… so our typical business day varies and is not always “typical”. 
Q: What’s been the biggest challenge you’ve faced as a beauty brand entrepreneur? 
A: It has to be the misinformation that comes from both sides of the industry. There are the companies claiming to be natural that are giving the natural skincare industry a bad name by not being honest about their ingredients, and  then there is the other side that is trying to capitalize on that to over regulate the natural skincare industry.  These organizations are putting a lot of unscientific data out there as fact, pretending to be consumer advocates and actually misguiding them in the process. We COMPLETELY agree that the skincare industry should be transparent and held accountable for their ingredients and methods, but some of the over regulation they propose is not only completely unnecessary, but also counter productive.  For instance, many agencies are requiring natural products to list the scientific name of the botanicals on their label. We do not do that because which are you most likely to recognize, Butyrospermum parkii or Shea butter?
Q: What’s the one product ingredient you’ve come to believe is the most impressive or effective in an all-natural beauty routine and why?
A: It’s a toss up… I think mushrooms are so amazing for the skin in every way because of their completely unique skin rejuvenating properties and structure. I also think soap berries (saponins) are incredible due to their multi-faceted action. They are a virtually undiscovered wonder in skincare and cleansing products and I eventually expect to see them become a popular ingredient.
Q: What is the one product in your line that you couldn’t live without…the product you feel has really changed your life forever? 
A: It’s very hard to pick just one… The Rejuvenating Lotion and Perfecting Mist have changed my life. The Cleanser has changed all of our lives and none of us could live without the deodorant. The Rejuvenating Lotion has given me my best skin ever. I feel like it is going to prevent future aging, skin damage and maybe even skin cancer, and the Perfecting Mist is absolutely genius. It’s like being able to reapply your favorite anti blemish/aging moisturizer anytime you want while refreshing your senses and reviving your complexion at the same time. It leaves you glowing and can even be used over makeup. Sorry, I think I just ruined the question but I couldn’t pick just one. 
Q: Bodacious ObjectS (a bust-enhancing cream) is such an unusual product—it’s one that you don’t typically see in the all-natural beauty market. What I’d like to know is: Does it actually work? And if so, what’s the secret? 
A: Haha yes it works!!!! We can tell you that  from experience. It doesn’t add 4 cup sizes but it might give you one or two and it definitely adds fullness, size and firmness. It makes you go from feeling insecure to… sexy. It works by increasing the natural production of the hormones that increase breast tissue and it also supports breast health. It has also changed my life.
Q: Do you use only organic ingredients? Why or why not? 
A: We use a lot of organic ingredients and most of the ingredients we use that are not certified organic are grown organically, they just don’t have the certification. Certified organic ingredients are more expensive, and if we know  the source of an ingredient, and that it is just as good even though it doesn’t have a certification, we will use it. There are also some ingredients for instance, Dead Sea Salts that will never be classified as organic because that is not even the nature of them.
Q: Which new products on the horizon are you most excited about and why?  
A: I’m very excited about our “Mist” collection that’s in the works as well as our “anti-aging” and “pregnancy” collections. The “Mist” collection is exciting because it will give women a whole new way to get the powerful benefits of an anti aging, or anti acne serum all day long, while also keeping the skin hydrated continuously which is one of the number one ways to prevent aging. I can’t say enough about the mists… I’m addicted. 
 





Leave a Reply Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Comment 
 

 


















Charity Isely Facebook, Twitter & MySpace on PeekYou















































































 Name
 Username
 Phone




Search by Name



Please enter a First Name



Please enter a Last Name




Location
World
USA
AlaskaAlabamaArkansasArizonaCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutWashington, DCDelawareFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachussetsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNew HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuerto RicoRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming

Please enter the location





























Search Tools



Jump To:

Social Media
Public Records
Phone
Email
Web Search
Images


2 Matches for Charity Isely









Country





Region





City





Gender
Male
Female



Age 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99


 - 


1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59
60
61
62
63
64
65
66
67
68
69
70
71
72
73
74
75
76
77
78
79
80
81
82
83
84
85
86
87
88
89
90
91
92
93
94
95
96
97
98
99


















 










Public Records & Background Checks












































						 Charity Isely - Instant Search
					


					View Now


					Free addresses, phone numbers, and social media links
				 







Arrest Records & Driving Infractions










					 Charity Isely				





				Search their Arrest Records, Driving Records, Contact Information, Photos and More...	
			 







Phonebook









							We Found  Charity Isely						











							1)  Charity Isely's Phone & Current Address
						


 View All Details











						2) Social Media Profiles & More - Search Free!
					


 View All Details


















							 Charity Isely's Phone #, Address & More
						


 View All Details











							 Charity Isely's Contact Info, Social Profiles & More
						


 View All Details


















					 Charity Isely - Get Contact Information
				



				Phone Number











					 Charity Isely - Reverse Phone Search - Get Photos & Online Profiles Instantly!
				



				Phone Number








Email Addresses












						View Charity's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, charity****@gmail
					











						View Charity's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, charity****@yahoo
					











						View Charity's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, charity****@hotmail
					











						View Charity's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, charity****@aol
					











							View Charity's Hidden Profiles on Facebook and 60+ Networks, charity****@outlook
						








Contact Information & Address History










					 Charity Isely				





				Discover  Charity Isely's address history, phone, age & more.
			 







Facebook








Twitter








Pinterest








Wikipedia








Instagram








Google+








Linkedin








Foursquare








Music








Photo Albums








Myspace











Documents








Web Search








Images




































Find Out Who Called!






				There was a time when a ringing phone was a mysterious beckoning, one approached with bravery and cautious optimism. Most phones have been equipped wi…
			
Read More





















































 











   







































Scroll



 