


Boycotts of Israel - Wikipedia



















 







Boycotts of Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable. Please help this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged or deleted. (November 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Boycotts of Israel are a systematic practice of avoiding economic, political and cultural ties with the State of Israel, with individual Israelis or with Israeli-based companies or organizations.[1] Boycott campaigns are used by those who oppose Israel's existence,[citation needed] or oppose Israel's policies or actions over the course of the Arab–Israeli conflict, in order to not show support for Israel in general, or the Israeli economy or military in particular.
Boycotts have been enacted or proposed around the world. These boycotts comprise economic measures such as divestment; a consumer boycotts of Israeli products or businesses that operate in Israel; and academic boycotts of Israeli universities. Some advocates of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign use the 1980s movement against South African apartheid as a model. This is due to the fact that boycotters consider Israel's treatment of the Palestinians and its Arab minority as similar to the system of Apartheid in South Africa.[2]



Contents


1 History
2 Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
3 List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts

3.1 Disinvestments


4 Academic boycotts
5 Arms embargoes
6 Artistic boycotts
7 Reception
8 United States government response

8.1 What do the laws prohibit?
8.2 What must be reported?
8.3 Penalties

8.3.1 Criminal
8.3.2 Administrative




9 Israeli government response
10 Australian government response
11 French supreme court verdict
12 United Kingdom
13 See also
14 References



History
In Mandatory Palestine (1920–1948), anti-Zionist boycotts of Jewish-owned businesses were a tool employed by Arab leadership in an attempt to damage the Jewish population of Palestine economically, especially during periods of communal strife between Jews and Arabs. The most severe attempt to boycott Jewish businesses was undertaken by the Arab Higher Committee, headed by Haj Amin al-Husayni in 1936, beginning the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine.
An official organized boycott was adopted by the Arab League in December 1945, before the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,[3] and was continued and intensified after. The Arab League boycott of Israel is an effort by Arab League member states to isolate Israel economically to prevent Arab states and discourage non-Arabs from providing support to Israel and adding to Israel's economic and military strength.[4]
Originally, the Arab boycott had a moderate negative impact on Israel's economy and development. Inevitably the economies of participating Arab nations also suffered as the result of a deterioration in the foreign direct investment climate in the Arab world, and reduction in the volume of trade. Whether or not the Arab nations in question were aware of the potential risks to their own economies is still unknown. There is still debate as to whether they, in unison, viewed the economic sanctions as a necessary sacrifice to slow the development of the newly declared Israeli state, on land previously belonging to and under the control of Arab nations.[5][unreliable source]
Egypt (1979), the Palestinian Authority (1993), and Jordan (1994) signed peace treaties or agreements that ended their participation in the boycott of Israel. Mauritania, which never applied the boycott, established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia do not enforce the boycott.[6]
In 1994, following the Oslo Peace Accords, the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) states, ended their participation in the Arab boycott against Israel,[5] and stated that total elimination of the boycott is a necessary step for peace and economic development in the region.[6] In present days, the Arab boycott is rarely applied. The move prompted a surge of investment in Israel, and resulted in the initiation of joint cooperation projects between Israel and Arab countries.[5][unreliable source]
Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
Main article: Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
In 2005, on the one year anniversary of the International Court of Justice's ruling on the legality of Israeli West Bank barrier, Palestinian NGOs and labor unions issued a call for boycott, divestment and sanctions targeted at Israel with the stated goals that:

These non-violent punitive measures should be maintained until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people's inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by:

Ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall;
Recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality; and
Respecting, protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194.


According to a survey by Geocartography Knowledge, 85% of Palestinian residents in the West Bank are interested in cooperation with Israel.[7] The PLO, its branches, Palestinian businesses and universities cooperate with Israel daily. According to the head of the Federation of Trade Unions of Palestine, Shaher Saad, in 2011 the number of Palestinians employed in Israeli settlements increased significantly to around 31,000 due to the high rate of unemployment and poverty, and that about 70,000 worked in Israel proper.[8] Sari Nusseibeh, president of Al-Quds University, opposed a boycott of Israeli universities in 2014; other Palestinian academics also told the New York Times they oppose cutting ties to Israeli universities, however opinions of academics were split, with at least some of those who favour BDS noting they were unsure if BDS will have any effect.[9]
List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


Main article: Disinvestment from Israel




A sign on the front door of a Palestinian house: "I have a clear conscience, do you? This home is free of products produced in [Israeli] Settlements."






Protest against Israel's Gaza Blockade and raid on Mavi Marmara – Melbourne 5 June 2010.






Members of the Neturei Karta Orthodox Jewish group protest against the Israeli occupation of Palestine.






Protests calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in Tanzania.






Protests in Ireland against Israeli bombings and air strikes in the occupied Palestinian territories.






Supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement in Berlin, Germany calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine following Israeli military bombings in Gaza.






Protest in Bratislava, Slovakia following the 2009 bombings of Gaza.



In December 2005, the Sør-Trøndelag regional council of Norway passed a motion calling for a comprehensive boycott of Israeli goods. The council acted as a result of lobbying by Norwegian activists, who had launched a national "Boycott Israel" campaign in June 2005.[10]
In May 2006, the Ontario section of the Canadian Union of Public Employees approved a resolution to "support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel until that state recognizes the Palestinian right to self-determination" and to protest the Israeli West Bank barrier.[11][12][13]
The Congress of South African Trade Unions published a letter expressing their support for the CUPE boycott of Israel.[14]
The Toronto assembly of the United Church of Canada (UCC) supports CUPE's boycott. In 2003, the Toronto assembly voted to boycott goods produced by Jewish settlements in the occupied territories.[15] The national umbrella UCC declined to support a boycott at the time. In August 2012 the General Council of the United Church of Canada approved a recommendation to boycott products in Israeli settlements located within occupied Palestinian territory.[16][17]
The Church of England synod has voted for disinvestment from Israel, which was criticised by George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury as "inappropriate, offensive and highly damaging".[18]
Britain's National Union of Journalists called for a boycott on 14 April 2007. By a vote of 66 to 54, the annual delegate's meeting of Britain's largest trade union for journalists called for "a boycott of Israeli goods similar to those boycotts in the struggles against apartheid South Africa led by trade unions, and [for] the [Trades Union Congress] to demand sanctions be imposed on Israel by the British government".[19]
At its biennial delegate conference held in May 2008, IMPACT (the Irish Municipal, Public and Civil Trade Union), Ireland's largest public sector and services trade union, passed two resolutions criticising Israeli suppression of the Palestinians and endorsing a boycott of Israeli goods and services. The motions also supported divestment from those corporations engaged in or profiting from the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.[20]
In November 2008 the United Kingdom initiated measures to label products produced in Israeli settlements:


The Foreign Office has confirmed that Britain's initiative against Israeli exports originating in the West Bank is merely the opening shot in a wider campaign it is waging against the settlements. [...] The FO [foreign office] reiterated its view that "the settlements are illegal.... Practical steps ... include ensuring that goods from the settlements do not enter the UK without paying the proper duties and ensuring that goods are properly labelled."[21]


Sources near the talks say the United Kingdom is accusing some Israeli companies of fraud: Their labeling indicates that they manufacture in Israel, but their plants are in the territories.[22]


Based on experience, there are concerns in Israel that the discussion on exports from the territories will affect all Israeli exports to Europe. Roughly that happened four years ago, after Israel rejected European demands to specifically label products produced outside the pre-1967 war borders.[22]


Tzipi Livni protested: It appears to be the fruits of long efforts by a strong pro-Palestinian lobby that now spur the British into action. Nevertheless, the British insist that at British consumers want to know the source of the products that they purchase. [...] But the biggest fear in Israel is that the issue will spill beyond manufacturers in the territories, affecting all local exporters and all exports to the EU – as was the case the last time that the issue boiled to the surface.[22]


In February 2009 the Belgian government decided to stop exporting weapons to Israel that would bolster its military capabilities. Minister for Trade Patricia Ceysens said the decision followed a cabinet discussion concerning Israel's actions in Gaza. Belgian Foreign Minister Karel De Gucht added that "given the current circumstances, weapons cannot be shipped from Belgium to Israel".[23]





Protest by Code Pink against AHAVA in Los Angeles, California in July 2009.



In Britain, Ahava's cosmetic products sparked controversy because they are manufactured in the Israeli settlement of Mitzpe Shalem, located on the Dead Sea in the West Bank. The store chain Selfridges withdrew Ahava's products (among others) in December 2001 after a boycott campaign launched by pro-Palestinian groups,[24] but reinstated them a few weeks later.[citation needed] Critics argue that the products are labelled as having "Israeli origin" when, according to the European Union, goods originating in the West Bank or Gaza cannot be labelled as having Israeli origin because, "according to international public law, including the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions, these territories cannot be considered to be part of the State of Israel", and are not included in the EU-Israel Association Agreement.[25] The boycott of Ahava has also been endorsed by Code Pink, which argues that Ahava's use of Palestinian natural resources from the Dead Sea is, according to the Fourth Geneva Convention, a "patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit". Ahava's store in a fashionable street of London's West End closed in September 2011 after constant protests by pro-Palestinian activists. Owners of the surrounding stores complained to the landlord that the repeated protests were affecting their business. A pro-Israeli group also held fortnightly counter-demonstrations.[26]
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU) launched a boycott of Israeli goods in February 2009 as a response to the Gaza War, arguing that "a sustained international effort was needed to secure a durable settlement".[27]
In September 2009, Britain's Trade Union Congress (TUC) endorsed an initiative to boycott products originating from the Israeli-occupied territories, stating "[to] increase the pressure for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian Territories and removal of the separation wall and illegal settlements, we will support a boycott (...) of those goods and agricultural products that originate in illegal settlements – through developing an effective, targeted consumer-led boycott campaign working closely with Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) – and campaign for disinvestment by companies associated with the occupation as well as engaged in building the separation wall." The Fire Brigade Union (FBU) as well as Britain's largest trade union, Unite, and the largest public sector union, Unison, called for a complete boycott of all Israeli products.[28] In October 2009, the University of Sussex Students' Union became the first in Britain to vote for a boycott of Israeli goods. Norman Finkelstein praised the move as "a victory, not for Palestinians but for truth and justice".[29]
In February 2009, dock workers in South Africa refused to unload an Israeli ship "as part of a refusal to support oppression and exploitation". The Congress of South African Trade Unions, COSATU, compared Israel to "dictatorial and oppressive" states such as Zimbabwe and Swaziland. COSATU also drew parallels to events in 1963, when dock workers across the globe began to boycott vessels from South Africa to protest its apartheid regime. The Western Australian members of the Maritime Union of Australia supported the move and called for a boycott of all Israeli vessels.[30]
In November 2009, the Palestinian Authority began encouraging a boycott of supermarket chains in the West Bank that carried products from Israeli settlements. According to Palestinian authorities, consumers were not aware that some of the products on sale at these outlets were produced in Israeli settlements, and it was felt that boycotting settlement products would improve demand for Palestinian produce. The authorities invoked existing legislation under which trading in goods originating in the settlements was illegal in the Palestinian territories.[31] The Palestinian boycott of settlement goods was widened in 2010, and it was reported that some businesses in the settlement of Maale Adumim had closed as a consequence.[32] In August 2010 the mayor of the settlement Ariel said that the Palestinian boycott of settlement goods "was causing great damage to factories in the area".[33]
As a response to an Israeli raid of a ship to the Gaza Strip, Swedish port workers decided to refuse processing Israeli ships for a period of one week in June 2010.[34] Similar boycotts in response to the Israeli raid were launched by port workers in Norway[35] and California.[36]
In June 2010, the British Methodist Church decided to begin boycotting products originating in Israeli settlements, becoming the first major Christian denomination in Britain to officially adopt such a policy. The boycott, which was seen as placing the Methodists on a collision course with Britain's Jewish minority, encourages also lay Methodists to follow the church's lead and boycott any products made on Jewish settlements on the West Bank.[37]
In July 2010, the Olympia food co-op in the State of Washington in the United States decided to stop selling products from Israel in its two grocery stores. A board member of the co-op said concerning the boycott that "any product that is made (...) to improve the conditions of the Palestinians will be exempted."[38]
The World Council of Churches called for a boycott in 2010 of products originating in Israeli settlements.[39]
In February 2012, Vancouverite Shani Bar-Oz's soap products store was being boycotted for carrying Israeli products, and "venomous protests" were staged outside her store, which included the shouting of anti-semitic slogans. However, according to the shop owner this resulted in "a huge wave of support and generated new business ... with new orders pouring in as result of the story".[40]
In March 2012, the Park Slope Food Co-op rejected a motion to boycott Israel, after months of heated debate. The final vote was 1,005-653. 1,600 members attended the meeting—larger than most meetings of the food co-op.[41]
In April 2012, the United Kingdom's Co-Operative Group said in a statement that it had decided to stop buying products from companies known to source from the settlements. The decision affects contracts valued at £350,000. The retailer had stopped selling goods originating from the settlements themselves in 2009. According to the group, it was still doing business with Israeli companies that are not connected with the settlements.[42][43]
In June 2013, major British trade union GMB decided to ban its members from visiting Israel and the Palestinian territories on delegations organized by the Trade Union Friends of Israel (TUFI). A spokesman for GMB said the union didn't want to be associated with an organization fighting a boycott of trade with illegal settlements in occupied territories.[44]
In July 2013, the European Union enacted a decision forbidding EU member states from cooperating with or transferring funds or giving scholarships and research grants to bodies in the West Bank, eastern Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights.[45][46]
In July 2013, two of the largest supermarket chains in the Netherlands removed from their shelves all products manufactured in Israeli settlements. A third chain, which had already de-stocked settlement goods, sought confirmation that goods it sold as "Made in Israel" didn't originate in the settlements. Dutch retailers were considering whether settlement goods should be labeled as such, or banned altogether.[47]
Throughout 2013 Israeli settlements in the Jordan Valley lost 14% of their income because supermarkets in the UK and Scandinavia were shunning their products.[48]
On 6 March 2014, student Students at the National University of Ireland Galway (NUI Galway) endorsed a resolution to support actively the BDS movement.[49]

Disinvestments




Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer used by the Israel Defense Forces, often used demolishing Palestinian houses and properties.
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI



14 Belgian municipalities left the Franco-Belgian bank Dexia, which was financing Israeli settlements through its Israeli subsidiary.[50]
A Norwegian government pension fund sold its shares in Elbit Systems due to its role in building the West Bank barrier.[51]
The Norwegian government announced in August 2010 that based on advice from the Norwegian Council on Ethics, it had excluded two Israeli companies from a government pension fund. According to the government, the firms Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus were involved in developing settlements in occupied Palestinian territory, which is prohibited under the Fourth Geneva Convention.[52] However, in 2013, after a review of Africa-Israel's activities, the Norwegian government announced that they could now re-invest in Africa-Israel and Danya Cebus as they were no longer involved in the construction of settlements.[53] The ban was re-instated in 2014 after Norway's Council of Ethics received information Danya Cebus was in fact involved with the settlements.[54]
German rail company Deutsche Bahn decided in 2011 to withdraw from a project to build a rail link between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, following pressure from German lawmakers. The decision was taken because the rail link cuts through the West Bank.[55]
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI. MSCI cited Israel's use of Caterpillar bulldozers in the Palestinian territories as a key reason for its decision. MSCI also cited employee safety concerns, environmental issues and a plant closing in Canada.[56]
In July 2004, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) (PCUSA) voted to initiate a process of selective divestment in businesses that it believes bear particular responsibility for the suffering of Palestinians, such as Caterpillar Inc.[57] In 2012 the church decided to reject divestment.[58] In 2014 the Presbyterians decided, by a vote of 310 to 303, to divest from Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola Solutions, which the church said supply Israel with equipment used in the occupation of Palestinian territory.[59]
In December 2012 the New Zealand superannuation fund, which invests money on behalf of the New Zealand Government, excluded two companies for involvement in Israeli settlements and one company for involvement in the West Bank Barrier. A spokesperson cited UN findings of illegality concerning both the Barrier and settlements as central to the decision to exclude the companies.[60]
In January 2014 the Dutch pension fund PGGM dumped its holdings in five Israeli banks allegedly involved in financing illegal settlements.[54]
In January 2014 Danish Danske Bank said Israeli Bank Hapoalim was acting against the rules of international humanitarian law by engaging in settlement construction, and that consequently Danske could not invest in it. Danske had already decided to pull its investments from Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus, for the same reason.[61]
In 2015, fizzy drink dispenser maker Sodastream ceased using its factory in the occupied West Bank following pressure by campaigners. Sodastream said the closure was not affected by the boycott campaign, but boycott campaigners described the move as a clear win for their movement.[62]

Academic boycotts
Main article: Academic boycotts of Israel
In 2006, two of Britain's lecturers' unions, the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education and the Association of University Teachers, voted to support an academic boycott against Israel.[63] The AUT ban was overturned by members at an Emergency General Meeting a few weeks later, while the NATFHE boycott expired when a merger with AUT to form the University and College Union came into effect.[64] In May 2007, the UCU congress passed Motion 30, which called on the members to circulate information and consider a boycott request by Palestinian trade unions.
In 2009, Spanish organizers of an international solar power design competition excluded a team from the Israeli Ariel University Center. The stated reason was that the Ariel university is located in the West Bank, a Spanish official was quoted saying, "Spain acted in line with European Union policy of opposing Israel's occupation of Palestinian land."[65]
On that year, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology rejected the academic boycott of Israel, stating that being able to cooperate with Israeli academics, and hearing their views on the conflict, is critical for studying of the causes of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians and how it can be resolved.[66]
In 2007, nearly 300 university presidents across the United States signed a join statement denouncing the boycott movement. Following Operation Cast Lead in 2010, a group of 15 American university professors launched a campaign calling for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. In 2010 the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (USACBI) announced it had collected 500 endorsements from US academics for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. The endorsements were seen as a sign of changing US attitudes toward Israel in the wake of an Israeli raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla in the Mediterranean.[67][68]
In 2011 the University of Johannesburg decided to suspend ties with Israeli Ben-Gurion University, citing the University's support for the Israeli military. The decision was seen to affect projects in biotechnology and water purification.[69] However, two days later, Ihron Rensburg, vice chancellor and principal of the university issued a statement saying that "UJ is not part of an academic boycott of Israel...It has never been UJ's intention to sever all ties with BGU, although it may have been the intention of some UJ staff members."[70]
University of Pennsylvania President Amy Gutmann said in January 2012 that the university "has clearly stated on numerous occasions that it does not support sanctions or boycotts against Israel". She said that the school was not a sponsor of a BDS conference taking place on campus in February 2012.[71]
In 2013 the Teachers Union of Ireland passed a motion calling for an academic boycott of Israel. Jim Roche, who presented the motion, said "I am very pleased that this motion was passed with such support by TUI members (...) there is no question that Israel is implementing apartheid policies against the Palestinians." [72]
In May 2013, in what was seen as a major development,[73] Stephen Hawking joined the academic boycott of Israel by reversing his decision to participate in the Jerusalem-based Israeli Presidential Conference hosted by Israeli president Shimon Peres. Hawking approved a published statement from the British Committee for the Universities of Palestine that described his decision as independent, "based upon his knowledge of Palestine, and on the unanimous advice of his own academic contacts there".[74] Reactions to Hawking's boycott were mixed, some praised his boycott as a "peaceful protest" while others condemned his decision and accused him of anti-semitism.[75][76]
On 4 December 2013, the American Studies Association (ASA) endorsed a boycott of Israeli academic institutions in a resolution that stated "there is no effective or substantive academic freedom for Palestinian students and scholars under conditions of Israeli occupation, and Israeli institutions of higher learning are a party to Israeli state policies that violate human rights and negatively impact the working conditions of Palestinian scholars and students."[77] The election attracted the largest number of voters in the association history with 66.05% for, 30.5% against and 3.43% abstaining.[78] Over 92 universities rejected the boycott and some of them withdrew their membership in the ASA in protest of the boycott decision.[79]
In October 2014, 500 Middle East studies scholars and librarians issued a call for an academic boycott of Israel. According to the signatories, "world governments and mainstream media do not hold Israel accountable for its violations of international law. We, however, as a community of scholars engaged with the Middle East, have a moral responsibility to do so." [80]
In October 2014, 500 anthropologists endorsed an academic boycott of Israeli institutions seen as complicit in violations of Palestinians' rights. The signatories of the statement said, "as a community of scholars who study problems of power, oppression, and cultural hegemony, we have a moral responsibility to speak out and demand accountability from Israel and our own governments." [81]
In January 2016, 168 Italian academics and researchers published a call to boycott Israeli academic institutions. Israel's Institute of Technology, Technion, was singled out as a boycott target. "The Institute carries out research in a wide range of technologies and weapons used to oppress and attack Palestinians", said the call.[82]
Arms embargoes
In 2014, Spain froze arms and military technology exports to Israel over the Gaza war. The embargo stopped sales of defense and dual-use materiel from Spain to Israel.[83][84][85][86]
In 2014, in connection with the Gaza war, British government ministers said no new arms export licenses would be granted for sales to Israel until a formal peace is agreed. In case hostilities are to flare up, exports under existing licenses would reportedly be discontinued.[87]
Artistic boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


See also: Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel




Poet and human rights activist Remi Kanazi supporting BDS.



The cultural boycott of Israel originally received the support of famous artists such as musicians Roger Waters and Brian Eno,[88] writers Eduardo Galeano and Arundhati Roy,[89] filmmakers Ken Loach[90] and Jean-Luc Godard.[91] Waters has called artists to boycott Israel until Israel ends its occupation, grants full equality to Israeli Arabs and allows all Palestinian refugees right of return.[92]
Creative Community for Peace, founded in late 2011, is an organization made up of music executives, talent agents and entertainment lawyers that seeks to counter artist boycotts of Israel.[93]
In Ireland, support for boycotting Israel has been voiced since September 2006.[94] The Irish Times has published an open letter in January 2009[95] with 300 signatures, including deputies, senators, political leaders (including Gerry Adams and Tony Benn), union leaders, professors and artists. In August 2010, 150 Irish artists launched a cultural boycott of Israel, declaring that they would not perform or exhibit in Israel, "until such time as Israel complies with international law and universal principles of human rights". Organizers explained the boycott was motivated by what they saw as abuse of Palestinian human rights by Israel.[96]
The Yes Men[97] pulled out of a film festival in 2009 in Israel.
In 2010, American singer Devendra Banhart, and Irish singer Tommy Sands cancelled their shows in Israel as a response to Israeli policies.[98] That same year, Carlos Santana also cancelled a performance following pressure from groups critical of Israel. It was not clear whether it was for political reasons or due to scheduling problems.[99][100] Likewise, Elvis Costello called off planned gigs, citing what he called the "intimidation" and "humiliation" of Palestinians.[101][102] Jazz and spoken word artist Gil Scott-Heron canceled a planned performance in Tel Aviv in 2010, saying he "hated war".[103] Annie Lennox states again that she will no longer perform in Israel.[104]
That same year, British bands The Klaxons, Gorillaz Sound System,[105] Leftfield,[106] Faithless,[107] Tindersticks[108] and Massive Attack,[109] as well as the American band Pixies,[110] cancelled performances in Israel in apparent response to the Gaza flotilla raid.
Writers Henning Mankell[111] (who was on board the Freedom Flotilla), Iain Banks[112] and Alice Walker[113] publish statements in the press in support of the cultural boycott of the State of Israel.
In February 2010, 500 artists from the city of Montreal, including Lhasa de Sela, Gilles Vigneault, Richard Desjardins, members of Bran Van 3000 and Silver Mt. Zion, joined the cultural boycott of Israel, saying that Palestinians "face an entrenched system of racial discrimination and segregation, resembling the defeated apartheid system in South Africa".[114][115]
That same year, a hundred Norwegian artists endorse the BDS call.[116]
In Israel, actors refuse to play in the 1967 occupied territories. They are quickly supported by 150 Israeli intellectuals and artists, including Niv Gordon, Gideon Levy, Shlomo Sand, Zeev Sternhell, David Grossman, A.B. Yehoshua, and Amos Oz.[117]
French singer Vanessa Paradis cancelled a performance planned for February 2011 in Tel Aviv. According to insider sources, she and her husband Johnny Depp acceded to calls to cancel the show made by Palestinian boycott campaigners, who threatened to boycott them too. Her agent maintained that the concert was cancelled strictly for professional reasons.[118] That same month, the classical singer Thomas Quasthoff cancelled the six shows he was supposed to give in Israel.[119]
In September 2011, Anglo-Egyptian singer Natacha Atlas cancelled her tour in Israel and stated, "I had an idea that performing in Israel would have been a unique opportunity to encourage and support my fans' opposition to the current government's actions and policies. I would have personally asked my Israeli fans face-to-face to fight this apartheid with peace in their hearts, but after much deliberation I now see that it would be more effective a statement to not go to Israel until this systemised apartheid is abolished once and for all. Therefore I publicly retract my well-intentioned decision to go and perform in Israel and so sincerely hope that this decision represents an effective statement against this regime."[120]
In 2011, several other artists cancelled their concerts in Israel. South African band Ladysmith Black Mambazo,[121] English singer Marc Almond, American jazz band Tuba Skinny, American piano player Jason Moran and Puerto Rican piano player Eddie Palmieri (these last three cancelled their participation in the Red Sea Jazz Festival),[122] South African rapper Ewok,[123] English band The Yardbirds, Greek Martha Frintzila and Turc Hosam Hayek (these last two cancelled their participation to the Jerusalem oud festival),[124] Malian singer Oumou Sangaré, American singer Joe Lynn Turner, and young English dubstep musician Joker[125]
British band Faithless and its leader David Randall confirm their commitment to BDS by publishing the video "Freedom For Palestine" with the collective "One World" that includes Maxi Jazz, Sudha and Andy Treacy (of Faithless), Jamie Catto (of One Giant Leap), Harry Collier (of Kubb), Phil Jones (of Specimen A), Mark Thomas, Lowkey, Michael Rosen, LSK, Andrea Britton, Attab Haddad, Joelle Barker, the Durban Gospel Choir (of South Africa) and members of the London Community Gospel Choir.
Spanish singer Paco Ibanez states in a French newspaper that he will now boycott the Hebrew language, which he can speak, for political reasons.[126]
150 Swiss artists signed an appeal for the cultural boycott of Israel.[127] A group of Indian artists cancelled their participation to an exhibition in Israel.[128]
The AMARC (international non-governmental organization serving the community radio movement, with almost 3 000 members and associates in 110 countries) joins the BDS campaign.[129]
In 2012, Tunisian fence champion Sara Besbes[130] and Iranian chess-master Ehsan Ghaem Maghami[131] boycotted their games to avoid facing Israeli opponents.
In November 2012, the American musician Stevie Wonder bowed to intense pressure and cancelled his participation in a fundraising concert in support of the Israel Defense Forces. Wonder cited his role as a UN goodwill representative, and stated, "I am, and always have been, against war, any war, anywhere."[132][133][134]
In September 2013, the punk-band Oi Polloi, of Scotland, cancelled their appearance in the Norwegian cultural establishment Kapittel, protesting the appearance of the Israeli ambassador to Norway. In a Twitter message, the band announced that "We are not playing together with professional apologetics of war crimes, torture, illegal occupation, ethnic cleansing and racism."[135]
In January 2014, Norwegian musician Pål Moddi Knutsen cancelled his concert in Tel Aviv after appeals by Palestinian human rights activists.[136]
In May 2014, Grace Lee Boggs, Danny Glover and 10 others called for a cultural boycott of Israel, saying they "formally stand with the people of Palestine".[137]
In February 2015, a group of seven hundred artists said they would boycott Israel until its "colonial oppression of Palestinians" comes to an end. The group drew a parallel between their decision and the refusal of artists to perform in Apartheid-era South Africa, saying they would not play music, accept awards, attend exhibitions, festivals or conferences in Israeli cities. The group included Brian Eno, Alexei Sayle, Richard Ashcroft, Riz Ahmed, Miriam Margolyes and Ken Loach.[138][139]

Reception





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


In August 2001 a 50-strong delegation from the World Council of Churches produced a report calling for a boycott of goods produced by Jewish settlers. The report called on the executive of the WCC to "affirm the legitimacy of Palestinian resistance to injustice and foreign occupation".[140]
In February 2004 following a six-month inquiry a select committee presented a report to the British parliament calling for the suspension of the European Union's preferential trade agreement with Israel "until it (Israel) lifts the movement restrictions which it has placed on Palestinian trade". Between 2002 and 2004 the EU exported £30.1 billion worth of goods to Israel while the value of goods imported was £21.1 billion[141]
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called on the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa and supports the divestment campaign against Israel.[142]
Swedish archbishop K. G. Hammar, ambassador Carl Tham and a list of 71 others have supported a boycott of products from the occupied areas.[143][144][145]
A joint open letter by 322 UK academics was published in The Guardian 16 January 2009. The letter called on the British government and the British people to take all feasible steps to oblige Israel to stop its "military aggression and colonial occupation" of the Palestinian land and its "criminal use of force", suggesting to start with a programme of boycott, divestment and sanctions.[146]
In 2008, former Beatles singer Paul McCartney decided to perform in Israel for the country's 60th anniversary despite a death threat from militant Islamic activist Omar Bakri Muhammad, who said, "If he values his life Mr McCartney must not come to Israel. He will not be safe there. The sacrifice operatives will be waiting for him."[147] Omar Barghouti, one of the founders of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel, described the threat as "deplorable".[147] McCartney said "I do what I think and I have many friends who support Israel."[147]
In 2008 British Member of Parliament Sir Gerald Kaufman claimed, "It is time for our government to make clear to the Israeli government that its conduct and policies are unacceptable and to impose a total arms ban on Israel."[148]
Norman Finkelstein, writing in 2006, said he supports a "US academic boycott of Israel" [149] and an "economic boycott of Israel"


“
1) Do Israeli human rights violations warrant an economic boycott? and 2) Can such a boycott make a meaningful contribution toward ending these violations? I would argue that both these questions should be answered in the affirmative.
”


— Norman Finkelstein, Article "Economic boycott of Israel?" on www.normanfinkelstein.com[150]


In February 2012, Finkelstein "launched a blistering attack" of the BDS movement during an interview, saying it was a "hypocritical, dishonest cult" that tries to cleverly pose as human rights activists while in reality their goal is to destroy Israel. .[151] In addition, he said: "I'm getting a little bit exasperated with what I think is a whole lot of nonsense. I'm not going to tolerate silliness, childishness and a lot of leftist posturing. I loathe the disingenuousness. We will never hear the solidarity movement [back a] two-state solution." Furthermore, Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement has had very few successes, and that just like a cult, the leaders pretend that they are hugely successful when in reality the general public rejects their extreme views. He does mention though that he supports the idea of a non-violent BDS movement.[151]
In an e-mail dated 15 December 2012, Noam Chomsky defended the tactics as non-anti-Semitic. Although Chomsky believes that any tactic, however legitimate, can be misused, he also remarked that they can also be used quite properly and effectively against state crimes, and in this case of BDS, they regularly have been.[152] In May 2013, Chomsky, along with other professors such as Professor Malcolm Levitt, advised Professor Stephen Hawking to boycott an Israeli conference.[73]
In November 2012 a group of 51 people, including Nobel peace laureates, prominent artists and activists published a letter calling for a military embargo on Israel. The letter accused several countries of providing assistance to Israel that facilitated Israel's 2012 military operation in the Gaza Strip. Nobel peace laureates Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Pérez Esquivel were among the group signing the letter.[153]
The Anti-Defamation League, whose mission is to stop the defamation of Jews, has claimed that singling out Israel is "outrageous and biased"[154] as well as "deplorable and offensive".[155] and heads of several major U.S. Jewish organizations have referred to them as "lop-sided" and "unbalanced".[156]
Boycott calls have also been called "profoundly unjust" and relying on a "false" analogy with the previous apartheid regime of South Africa. One critical statement has alleged that the boycotters apply "different standards" to Israel than other countries, that the boycott is "counterproductive and retrograde" yet has no comparability to Nazi boycotts of Jewish shops in the 1930s.[157][158][159][160][161][162][163]
According to a ruling by the French appellate court of Colmar, publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes discrimination and as such is illegal under French law. Yet the Court of Cassation, the highest criminal court of appeal in France, has separately confirmed the legality of calling for a boycott or Israeli goods.[164][165]
The Economist contends that the boycott is "flimsy" and ineffective, that "blaming Israel alone for the impasse in the occupied territories will continue to strike many outsiders as unfair," and points out that the Palestinian leadership does not support the boycott.[166]
In an op-ed published in The Jerusalem Post in November 2010, Gerald Steinberg and Jason Edelstein contend that while "the need to refute their [BDS organizations] allegations is clear, students and community groups must also adopt a proactive strategy to undermine the credibility and influence of these groups. This strategy will marginalize many of the BDS movement's central actors, and expose the lie that BDS is a grassroots protest against Israeli policy. Exposing their abuses and funding sources, and forcing their campaign leaders and participants to respond to us will change the dynamic in this battle."[167] In an effort to combat BDS, in March 2011, NGO Monitor produced "the BDS Sewer System" intended to provide detailed information about boycott campaigns against Israel.[168]
After the post-punk group PiL went to Tel Aviv to headline the Heineken Music Conference 2010 Festival in August 2010, British musician John Lydon responded to criticism by saying: "If Elvis-fucking-Costello wants to pull out of a gig in Israel because he's suddenly got this compassion for Palestinians, then good on him. But I have absolutely one rule, right? Until I see an Arab country, a Muslim country, with a democracy, I won't understand how anyone can have a problem with how they're treated."[169]
Martin Raffel, who oversees the Israel Action Network, argued in March 2011 that Israel's supporters can respectfully debate artists who choose to boycott the West Bank town of Ariel, but "not recognizing Israel as a Jewish democratic state is a completely different story".[170]
In October 2010, the Cape Town Opera (CTO) declined an appeal by Desmond Tutu to cancel a tour of Israel.[171] The CTO stated that the company was "reluctant to adopt the essentially political position of disengagement from cultural ties with Israel or with Palestine,[171] and that they had been in negotiations for four years and would respect the contract.[172]
Gene Simmons, lead singer of Kiss, said that artists who avoid Israel—such as Elvis Costello, the Pixies and Roger Waters—would be better served directing their anger at Arab dictators. "The countries they should be boycotting are the same countries that the populations are rebelling," he said.[173]
Other artists who have voiced opposition to the campaign include writers Umberto Eco[174] and film makers Joel and Ethan Coen.[175] Many musicians such as Elton John, Leonard Cohen, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Metallica, Editors, Placebo, LCD Soundsystem, MGMT, Justin Bieber, Madonna, Paul McCartney, Ziggy Marley, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Mark Ronson, Depeche Mode, Gilberto Gil, Daniela Mercury, Rolling Stones,[176][177] Alicia Keys,[174][178] Tom Jones,[179] Eric Burdon,[180] Bon Jovi[181] and Ziggy Marley[182] have chosen to perform in Israel in recent years. Novelist Ian McEwan, upon being awarded the Jerusalem Prize, was urged to turn it down, but said that "If I only went to countries that I approve of, I probably would never get out of bed.... It's not great if everyone stops talking."[174]
The Irish Dance production Riverdance performed in Israel in 2011, despite requests that it boycott Israel. The group stated that "Riverdance supports the policy of the Irish Government and indeed the policy of every other EU state that cultural interaction is preferable to isolation."[183]
Reverend Jim Barr, president of the Australia Palestine Advocacy Network, while supporting the boycott, divestment and sanctions campaign against Israel, disagreed with the protest action at Israeli-owned Max Brenner chocolate stores in Australia, saying, "that stuff just discredits the whole movement."[184]
In 2010, Noam Chomsky was interviewed regarding the boycott movement against Israel. He said that while he supported correctly targeted boycott calls, he called inaccurately targeted boycott calls hypocritical. According to Chomsky, boycotting Israeli settlements or arms sales made sense but calling for a boycott of anything Israeli, or demanding for the Right of Return, would be hypocritical and play into the hands of hardliners in the United States and Israel.[185] In July 2014, Noam Chomsky warns that the boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign could end up harming the Palestinian cause since the demand for a "right of return" for Palestinian refugees has failed to muster significant international support. He also said "if we boycott Tel Aviv University because Israel violates human rights at home, then why not boycott Harvard because of far greater violations by the United States?".[186]
In October 2011, Izzat Abdulhadi, head of the General Delegation of Palestine to Australia said that he is against the "full-scale" BDS campaign, and in particular expressed his anger over the occasionally violent protests at the Max Brenner stores in Australia, saying, "BDS is a non-violent process and I don't think it's the right of anybody to use BDS as a violent action or to prevent people from buying from any place." [187]
Madonna's The MDNA Tour began in May 2012 in Tel Aviv, Israel.[188] She said that the concert in Tel Aviv was a "peace concert", and offered about 600 tickets to the show to various Israeli and Palestinian groups, but this offer was rejected by Anarchists Against the Wall and the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity group. One activist said "no one is talking about dismantling the privileged regime or of ending the occupation. They talk of peace as a philosophical thing, without connecting to things happening on the ground and that concert is going in that direction." The offer was accepted by the Palestinian-Israeli Peace NGO Forum.[189] Madonna's performance was criticised by a group called "Boycott from Within" as "a blatant attempt at whitewashing Israeli crimes" and Omar Barghouti said that "by performing in Israel, Madonna has consciously and shamefully lent her name to fig-leafing Israel's occupation and apartheid and showed her obliviousness to human rights."[190]
Ed Husain, writing in the New York Times, says that the boycott of Israel should end, since it is hurting the Palestinians more than helping them. Husain believes that the "voice of the Palestinian imams who want to see an end to the boycott needs to be amplified", as well as those "religious leaders" in Egypt and in Saudi Arabia who "advocate peace".[191]
In January 2014, Scarlett Johansson started to promote SodaStream, an Israeli company operating in Ma'ale Adumim, a West Bank settlement, which sparked criticism from Oxfam. In response, Johansson severed ties with Oxfam after eight years, saying she supports trade and "social interaction between a democratic Israel and Palestine" and she has "a fundamental difference of opinion with Oxfam in regards to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement". SodaStream plant employs both Palestinians and Israelis and the company says it is a model of peaceful cooperation.[192]
In October 2015, J.K. Rowling was one of the 150 people from the British arts world who signed a letter against the call for a boycott of Israel that was made in February. The signatories of the letter said "cultural boycotts singling out Israel are divisive and discriminatory, and will not further peace. Open dialogue and interaction promote greater understanding and mutual acceptance, and it is through such understanding and acceptance that movement can be made towards a resolution of the conflict." Some of the signatories were closely aligned with Israel, for example via the Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour friends of Israel.[193][194][195]
United States government response
In the United States, the Export Administration Act discourages, and in some circumstances, prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from furthering or supporting the boycott of Israel. The Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) is responsible for penalties are imposed for each "knowing" violation with fines of up to $50,000 or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years.
During the mid-1970s the United States adopted two laws that seek to counteract the participation of U.S. citizens in other nation's economic boycotts or embargoes. These "antiboycott" laws are the 1977 amendments to the Export Administration Act (EAA) and the Ribicoff Amendment to the Tax Reform Act of 1976 (TRA). While these laws share a common purpose, there are distinctions in their administration.
The antiboycott laws were adopted to encourage, and in specified cases, require U.S. firms to refuse to participate in foreign boycotts that the United States does not sanction. They have the effect of preventing U.S. firms from being used to implement foreign policies of other nations which run counter to U.S. policy.
The Arab League boycott of Israel is the principal foreign economic boycott that U.S. companies must be concerned with today. The antiboycott laws, however, apply to all boycotts imposed by foreign countries that are unsanctioned by the United States.
The antiboycott provisions of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) apply to the activities of U.S. persons in the interstate or foreign commerce of the United States. The term "U.S. person" includes all individuals, corporations and unincorporated associations resident in the United States, including the permanent domestic affiliates of foreign concerns. U.S. persons also include U.S. citizens abroad (except when they reside abroad and are employed by non-U.S. persons) and the controlled in fact affiliates of domestic concerns. The test for "controlled in fact" is the ability to establish the general policies or to control the day-to-day operations of the foreign affiliate.[196]
The scope of the EAR, as defined by Section 8 of the EAA, is limited to actions taken with intent to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.
What do the laws prohibit?
Conduct that may be penalized under the TRA and/or prohibited under the EAR includes:[197]

Agreements to refuse or actual refusal to do business with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies
Agreements to discriminate or actual discrimination against other persons based on race, religion, sex, national origin or nationality.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about business relationships with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about the race, religion, sex, or national origin of another person.

Implementing letters of credit containing prohibited boycott terms or conditions.
The TRA does not "prohibit" conduct, but denies tax benefits ("penalizes") for certain types of boycott-related agreements.
What must be reported?
The EAR requires U.S. persons to report quarterly requests they have received to take certain actions to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.[196]
The TRA requires taxpayers to report "operations" in, with, or related to a boycotting country or its nationals and requests received to participate in or cooperate with an international boycott. The Treasury Department publishes a quarterly list of "boycotting countries."
Penalties
The Export Administration Act (EAA) specifies penalties for violations of the Antiboycott Regulations as well as export control violations. These can include:
Criminal
The penalties imposed for each "knowing" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000, or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years. During periods when the EAR are continued in effect by an Executive Order, issued pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the criminal penalties for each "willful" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000 and imprisonment for up to ten years.[196]
Administrative
For each violation of the EAR, any or all of the following may be imposed:

General denial of export privileges;
The imposition of fines of up to $11,000 per violation; and/or
Exclusion from practice.

Boycott agreements under the TRA involve the denial of all or part of the foreign tax benefits discussed above.
When the EAA is in lapse, penalties for violation of the Antiboycott Regulations are governed by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The IEEPA Enhancement Act provides for penalties of up to the greater of $250,000 per violation, or twice the value of the transaction for administrative violations of Antiboycott Regulations, and up to $1 million and 20 years imprisonment per violation for criminal anti-boycott violations.[196]
Israeli government response
Main article: Law for Prevention of Damage to State of Israel through Boycott
On 11 July 2011, the Israeli Knesset passed a law that makes the call for a boycott on Israel or Israeli settlements a civil wrong. 47 members of the Knesset voted in favour and 38 against.[198] The law primarily allows[199][200] targets of announced boycotts to persons and organisations that promote them, without having to first prove they were harmed by the boycott. The law also allows the Israeli government to deny contracts and withdraw financial support to those who promote boycotts. The law does not create any criminal offences or criminal sanctions.[201]
The law was heavily criticized in Israel by both left-wing and Arab political parties. Israeli leftist and human rights organizations also criticized the law, and launched a public campaign against it.[202] Prior to the law's approval, four Israeli human rights groups sent letters to Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin, Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, demanding a halt in the approval process of the law. After the law was passed, the far-left Gush Shalom movement petitioned the Supreme Court, claiming that the law violated basic democratic principles. The Supreme Court has given the Israeli government 60 days to respond.[needs update] Thirty-four law professors signed a petition against the law to be forwarded to Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.[203][204]
During an address to the Knesset, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected criticism over his failure to attend the boycott law vote, and stressed that he had in fact approved the bill. He also criticized Kadima party members who initially supported the bill and later opposed its final version, accusing them of folding to pressure.[205]
Australian government response
Though Israeli chocolate company Max Brenner is targeted by some Australian Palestinian activists, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs and former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said, "I don't think in 21st-century Australia there is a place for the attempted boycott of a Jewish business."[206]
Senior figures in the Australian Labor Party linked action against the Australian Greens at a state conference, where the Greens were denied automatic preferences, to the Greens' previous support for the BDS movement. Former New South Wales treasurer and Australian Labor Party general secretary Eric Roozendaal and fellow Legislative Councillor Walt Secord, stated, "The Greens will carry forever the stain of their support for the BDS campaign and their attempts to delegitimise Israel and the Jewish community—and this is one of the reasons why we must stand strong against the Greens."[207]
In April 2013, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that the "campaign does not serve the cause of peace and diplomacy for agreement on a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine", and added that Australia has always had firm opposition to the BDS movement.[208] Representing the Coalition prior to the 2013 federal election, Liberal Party deputy leader Julie Bishop reaffirmed Gillard's stance by promising to cut off federal grants for individuals and institutions who support the BDS campaign. On 29 May 2013, Jewish Australian academics Andrew Benjamin, Michele Grossman and David Goodman condemned the Coalition's election promise as "an anti-democratic gesture par excellence".[209]
French supreme court verdict
On 22 May 2012, the Cour de Cassation (one of the French final appeals courts) ruled that publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes incitement and discrimination based on nationality. The verdict by the Cour de Cassation was the final verdict in a lengthy legal battle, which consisted of a series of convictions, acquittals, and appeals.[164] French lawyer Michael Ghnassia wrote that the ban on publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products does not violate freedom of speech because such boycotts affect all Israelis, and is therefore "based on a racial, religious or national criterion and rather than representing a simple opinion, is a discriminatory action".[210]
United Kingdom
A UK court dismissed in 2013 claims that the University and College Union was institutionally anti-Semitic due to motions it had passed in favour of a boycott of Israel. The judgement, by an employment tribunal, was strongly critical of the claims, referring to them as "an impermissible attempt to achieve a political end by litigious means" and displaying a "worrying disregard for pluralism, tolerance and freedom of expression".[211]
In 2017 a UK Administrative Court ruled the British government had acted unlawfully in implementing regulations that sought to limit divestment campaigns against Israeli companies.[212]
See also


Israel portal





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boycotts of Israel.



Buycott
Constructive engagement
Criticism of Israel
Israeli passport

References


^ Robert S. Wistrich. "From Blood Libel to Boycott: Changing faces of British Anti-Semitism". Hebrew University of Jerusalem: 14. Boycotts against Jews arouse painful associations. Attempts to remove Israeli products from Selfridges, Harrods, Tesco, Marks & Spencer, and other British chains, under the slogan "Isolate the Racist Zionist State", have been both a symptom and a rallying point for the resurgence of antisemitism in Britain. 
^ Mitchell G. Bard; Jeff Dawson (Fall 2012). "Israel and the Campus: The Real Story" (PDF). AICE. Retrieved 27 October 2013. 
^ William J. Miller. "Arab Boycott". World Encyclopedia of Law. 
^ Turck, Nancy (April 1977). "The Arab Boycott of Israel". Foreign Affairs. Council on Foreign Relations. 55 (3): 472–493. JSTOR 20039682. doi:10.2307/20039682. 
^ a b c Joyce Shems Sharon (May 2003). "The Arab Boycott Against Israel and Its Unintended Impact on Arab Economic Welfare". Tufts University. 
^ a b  This article incorporates public domain material from the Congressional Research Service document "Arab League Boycott of Israel.".
^ "85% of Palestinians are interested in cooperation with Israel". Globes. 5 September 2011. Archived from the original on 19 October 2013. 
^ "Palestinians Working In Israel | Wafa Palestinian News Source". Wafa. 23 November 2011. Archived from the original on 4 May 2015. 
^ Kalman, Matthew (20 January 2014). "Palestinians Divided Over Boycott of Israeli Universities". International New York Times. 
^ Amit, Eytan (22 December 2005). "Norway: Parliament shuns Israeli products". Ynetnews. 
^ CUPE Ontario delegates support campaign against Israeli "apartheid wall". Background on Resolution #50 Archived 15 June 2006 at the Wayback Machine. (CUPE Ontario)
^ CUPE in Ontario votes to boycott Israel (CBC News) 27 May 2006
^ "Labour pains over Israel" by Jay Teitel (Maclean's Canada) 13 June 2006
^ "South African union joins boycott of Israel" by Ronen Bodoni (Ynetnews) 8 June 2006
^ "United Churches in Toronto to endorse boycott of Israel", National Post, 28 June 2006
^ Hilary Leila Krieger (21 August 2006). "Canadian church group drops anti-Israel divestment program". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "United Church of Canada approves Israeli settlement boycott". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 18 August 2012. 
^ Statement from Lord Carey Archived 6 December 2006 at the Wayback Machine., 19 April 2006, hosted on the Anglicans for Israel website
^ Conger, George (15 April 2007). "UK reporters union to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
Brook, Stephen (13 April 2007). "NUJ votes to boycott Israeli goods". The Guardian. 
^ "Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign". Cosmos.ucc.ie. 29 May 2008. Archived from the original on 23 August 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Britain confirms its anti-settlement push, The Jewish Chronicle, 13 November 2008
^ a b c Coren, Ora (19 November 2008). "Israel Worried That U.K. Pressure Will Harm Exports to Europe". Haaretz. 
^ Liphshiz, Cnaan (1 February 2009). "Belgium to stop exporting 'arms that bolster the IDF' to Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Watt, Nicholas (22 December 2001). "Selfridges bans sale of goods from occupied territories". The Guardian. 
^ Implementation of EC/Israel Trade Agreement – House of Commons, European Legislation, Thirty-First Report (1998)
^ Elgot, Jessica (27 September 2011). "Ahava ﬁnally closes its doors in London". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 30 December 2011. 
^ "Trade unionists launch boycott of Israeli goods (Belfast Telegraph, 10 February 2009)". The Belfast Telegraph. 10 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ British trade unions to boycott Israeli goods[permanent dead link] (The Jerusalem Post)
^ "students at Sussex University vote to boycott Israeli goods". San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. 31 October 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Dock workers to boycott Israeli ship". Mail & Guardian. 3 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Boycott targets settlement products (Al Jazeera, 19 November 2009)". Al Jazeera. 19 November 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Frykberg, Mel (20 May 2010). "Palestinian Economic Boycott Hits Israeli Settlers". Inter Press Service. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yediot reports on damage to settlement industry caused by targeted boycott". Coteret. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010link to Hebrew original in Yediot Achoronot 
^ "Sweden to launch weeklong boycott on Israeli ships (Ynet News, 5 June 2010)". Ynetnews. 20 June 1995. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Port Union Boycotts Israeli Ships (indymedia-letzebuerg, 14 June 2010)". Indymedia-letzebuerg.net. 14 June 2010. Archived from the original on 23 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Maher, Sean; Elizabeth Nardi (21 June 2010). "Protesters prevent unloading of Israeli ship at Port of Oakland". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Taylor, Jerome (30 June 2010). "Methodists launch boycott over West Bank". The Independent. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Mozgovaya, Natasha (21 July 2010). "Food co-op in Rachel Corrie's hometown boycotts Israeli goods". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Statement on Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territoryn (World Council of Chirches, 2.09.2009)". World Council of Churches. Archived from the original on 5 April 2012. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Canada store owner defeats anti-Israel boycotters, Ynetnews
^ Semple, Kirk; Kuntzman, Gersh (27 March 2012). "Food Co-op Rejects Effort to Boycott Israeli-Made Products". The New York Times. Retrieved 16 July 2012. 
^ UK supermarket shuns Israeli-settlement goods (Al Jazeera, 29 April 2012)
^ McVeigh, Tracy; Harriet Sherwood (29 April 2012). "Co-op boycotts exports from Israel's West Bank settlements". The Guardian. 
^ British trade union to ban member visits to Israel (The Jerusalem Post, 8 June 2013)
^ Netanyahu and Livni Speak to EU Leaders on Boycott (Arutz Sheva, 18 July 2013)
^ Experts: EU Yesha Policy Could Lead to 'Legal Morass' (Arutz Sheva, 19 July 2013)
^ Dutch supermarkets ban settlement products (The Times of Israel, 22 July 2013)
^ Scarlett Johansson row has boosted Israeli settlement boycott, say activists (The Guardian, 6 February 2014)
^ "NUI Galway Students' Union Election Results 2014". 
^ Jackson, Willy (1 September 2009). "Economic retaliation against Tel Aviv". Le Monde diplomatique English Edition. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Gov't Pension Fund exits Elbit Systems: The fund sold its holding because of Elbit Systems' role in Israel's security". TradingMarkets.com. 3 September 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [dead link]
^ "Three companies excluded from the Government Pension Fund Global" (Press release). Ministry of Finance. 23 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Norway's oil fund can reinvest in Africa Israel Investments, Danya Cebus Reuters, OSLO, Wed 21 August 2013
^ a b Norway's sovereign wealth fund joins exodus from Israel (Financial Times, 2 February 2014)(subscription required)
^ German company pulls out of Israel rail project because it cuts through West Bank (The Washington Post, Associated Press, 9 May 2011)
^ Caterpillar cut from social index over Israel (Al Jazeera, 27 June 2012)
^ Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash. Jewish Leaders Condemn Move by Presbyterian Church by Alan Cooperman (Washington Post; Page A08) 29 September 2004
^ Kaleem, Jaweed (6 July 2012). "Presbyterians Reject Divestment Related To Israeli-Palestinian Conflict". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Presbyterians Vote to Divest Holdings to Pressure Israel (The New York Times, 20 June 2014)
^ New Zealand Superannuation Fund excludes three companies on responsible investment grounds (New Zealand Superannuation Fund, 12 December 2012)
^ Ravid, Barak (1 February 2014). "Denmark's largest bank blacklists Israel's Hapoalim over settlement construction". Haaretz. 
^ Israel's SodaStream leaves West Bank (Financial Times, 10 September 2015) "SodaStream, the Israeli maker of home fizzy drink dispensers, will next week cease production at its factory near the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim after being pressured by campaigners around the world for doing business on occupied Palestinian land."(subscription required)
^ Benjamin Joffe-Walt (30 May 2006). "Lecturers back boycott of Israeli academics". The Guardian. London. 
^ Traubmann, Tamara (12 June 2006). "British academic boycott expires after teaching unions merge". Haaretz. 
^ "Spain contest bans Israeli team affiliated with West Bank college". Haaretz. Associated Press. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ NTNU says no to academic boycott of Israel. Press release. Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 12 November 2009
^ Ahren, Raphael (29 January 2009). "For first time, U.S. professors call for academic and cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 
^ "Over 500 academics endorse boycott of Israel". Arab News. WVNS. 20 September 2010. 
^ University of Johannesburg votes to sever ties with BGU (The Jerusalem Post, 24 March 2011)
^ Kalman, Matthew (25 March 2011). "U. of Johannesburg Official: 'UJ Is Not Part of an Academic Boycott of Israel'". The Chronicle of Higher Education. 
^ Harris, Ben (5 January 2012). "Penn distances itself from BDS conference". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 
^ Academic Boycott of Israel Called by Irish Teachers Union (Rabble, 4 April 2013)
^ a b Booth, Robert; Harriet Sherwood (10 May 2013). "Noam Chomsky helped lobby Stephen Hawking to stage Israel boycott". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Sherwood, Harriet; Matthew Kalman (8 May 2013). "Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 8 May 2013. 
^ "Stephen Hawking Makes a Peaceful Protest". Boston Globe. 11 May 2013. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Brian Martin (14 May 2013). "Academics and activism: Stephen Hawking and the Israel boycott". The Conversation Australia. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Council Resolution on Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". 
^ "Council Statement on the Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". American Studies Association. 4 December 2013. 
^ "92 universities reject academic boycott of Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 1 January 2014. 
^ 500 Mideast scholars call for academic embargo of Israeli institutions (The Jerusalem Post, 3 October 2014
^ "More than 500 anthropologists join academic boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 5 October 2014. 
^ Italian scholars boycott Israeli academic institutions (Al Jazeera, January 30, 2016)
Italian academics call for boycott of Israeli universities (Ynet, January 29, 2016)
^ "Spain imposes arms embargo on Israel". Janes. 4 August 2014. 
^ Ravid, Barak (5 August 2014). "Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op". Haaretz. 
^ "World outrage grows as Israel pursues 'quiet and security'". Guardian weekly. 8–14 August 2014. 
^ Spain halts arms exports to Israel over Gaza war Archived 11 August 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (PressTV, 9 August 2014)
^ "UK ready to suspend arms exports to Israel". Financial Times. 12 August 2014. (subscription required)
^ Higgins, Charlotte (15 December 2006). "John Berger rallies artists for cultural boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. 
^ Mariof (21 November 2007). "Boycott, désinvestissement et sanctions - Israël sous pression". Intal.be. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Pinto, Goel (27 August 2006). "British director Ken Loach backs Palestinian call for boycott on Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 16 July 2017. 
^ Lettre de remerciement, July 2008, July 2008
^ "Roger Waters voices support for Israel boycott". Haaretz. 6 March 2011. 
^ Music moguls to artists: Don't boycott Israel
^ Traubman, Tamara (24 September 2006). "Irish lecturers call on EU to boycott Israeli universities". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 28 April 2007. 
^ Israeli offensive in Gaza, 23 January 2009
^ "150 Irish artists pledge to boycott Israel (Irish Times, 13 August 2010)". The Irish Times. 13 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "ujfp, 19 07 09". Ujfp.org. 19 July 2009. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yet Another Artist Cancels a Show in Israel". Palestine News Network. Archived from the original on 14 August 2014. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Artists' Boycott Strikes a Dissonant Note Inside Israel. The New York Times
^ Shechnik, Raz (2 February 2010). "Santana canceled concert because of anti-Israel pressure". Ynetnews. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Elvis Costello's statement on his own website, 2010
^ Dodd, Vikram; Rory McCarthy in Jerusalem (18 May 2010). "Elvis Costello cancels concerts in Israel in protest at treatment of Palestinians". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Tel Aviv Israel Concert Canceled by Gil Scott Heron". Salem, Ore.: Salem-news.com. World View News Service. 26 April 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Annie Lennox: I Have No Interest in Going to Israel". Haaretz. 11 October 2010. 
^ "Bands cancel performance in Israel following raid on Gaza-bound ships (GulfNews, 4 June 2010)". Gulf News. 4 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "U.K. musicians Leftfield cancelled their Israel show due to 'production problems'". Haaretz. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Ilham Rawoot, Why Faithless are giving Israel a miss Mail & Guardian, South Africa, February 2011
^ "English rock band Tindersticks cancels TA concert". The Jerusalem Post. 24 November 2010. 
^ Interview of Naja of Massive Attack, September 2010
^ "'Pixies' cancel Tel-Aviv show". The Jerusalem Post. 6 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ White, Michael (2 June 2010). "Gaza flotilla attack: there are shades of grey on both sides". The Guardian. London. 
^ Banks, Iain (2 June 2010). "Small step towards a boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London.  (letter to the editor)
^ The Huffington Post, 2010
^ "500 Artists Against Israeli Apartheid". Tadamon.ca. 25 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "500 artistes montréalais s'engagent contre l'apartheid israélien". Le Journal des Alternatives (in French). 24 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Norvegian artists for BDS[permanent dead link]
^ Levinson, Chaim; Or Kashti (31 August 2010). "150 Academics, Artists Back Actors' Boycott of Settlement Arts Center". Haaretz. 
^ Abramovitch, Matan (16 January 2011). "Did Pop Star Paradis Cancel Israel Concert Over Politics?". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Israel Infos, 2011
^ Natacha Atlas announces Israel boycott. 2011
^ The Times, South Africa, 2011
^ "Int'l artists cancel Eilat performances - Israel Culture". Ynetnews. 21 August 2011. Retrieved 20 October 2013. 
^ Africa's Gateway, South Africa, September 2011
^ PACBI translates and reproduces Martha Frintzila's statement from her website, 2011
^ Indymedia, December 2011 Archived 17 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Liberation, France, 2011
^ BDS Switzerland Archived 11 January 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Rana Siddiqui Zaman, Indian artists to boycott major show in Israel, The Hindu, New Delhi, 2 August 2011
^ AMARC statement Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine., PDF file, 2011
^ Tunisian Athlete Refuses to Play against Israeli Archived 23 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (WAFA, 11 October 2011)
^ "Iranian chess master expelled for refusing to play Israeli". The Jerusalem Post. 27 October 2008. 
^ "Stevie Wonder cancels Israel fundraiser concert". BBC News. 2 December 2012. 
^ Stevie Wonder pulls out of Israel fundraiser after boycott pressure (The Jewish Chronicle, 30 November 2012)
^ "Stevie Wonder to Pull Out of IDF Fundraiser". Haaretz. JTA. 29 November 2012. 
^ "Bandboikott av Kapittel" [Band Boycott of Chapter]. Stavanger Aftenblad (in Norwegian). 16 September 2013. 
^ "Når kunst kommer til kort" [When art comes up short] (in Norwegian). NRK. 
^ "Danny Glover calls for cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. JTA. 13 May 2014. Archived from the original on 1 June 2014. 
^ Seven hundred artists have just announced a 'cultural boycott' of Israel (The Independent, 14 February 2015)
^ Letter: Over 100 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel (The Guardian, 13 February 2015)
^ The Jewish Chronicle. 24 August 2001. Front page.
^ MacAskill, Ewen (Diplomatic editor), The Guardian 5 February 2004.
^ Israel: Time to Divest. Desmond Tutu, New Internationalist magazine, January–February 2003
^ DN: "Sluta att köpa israeliska varor" Archived 19 March 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Baker, Mona (20 January 2003). "Palestine Chronicle: Swedish Public Figures Urge Israeli Boycott". Monabaker.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Episcopal News Service: Head of Swedish church's support for boycott of Israeli products stirs debate". Episcopal Church. 29 January 2003. Archived from the original on 17 January 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Growing outrage at the killings in Gaza". The Guardian. 15 January 2009. , archived at "UK Academics Write to the Guardian: 'Israel Must Lose'". Engage. 16 January 2009. Archived from the original on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b c Paul McCartney promises Israel gig will go ahead despite death threats The Guardian, 16 September 2008
^ "UK's Jewish MP calls it Nazi-like operation". Agence France-Presse. 16 January 2008. Retrieved 16 January 2008. 
^ US Academic Boycott of Israel
^ Economic boycott of Israel?
^ a b Finkelstein disowns 'silly' Israel boycott |work=The Jewish Chronicle
^ Chomsky backs tactics opposing Israeli policies The Australian 15 December 2012
^ McGreal, Chris (28 November 2012). "Nobel peace laureates call for Israel military boycott over Gaza assault". The Guardian. 
^ "ADL 12 August 2005". Anti-Defamation League. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "(dead link article)". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 June 2006. [dead link]
^ Cooperman, Alan (29 September 2004). "Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash". The Washington Post. Retrieved 22 July 2008. 
^ "Gush Shalom FAQs" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 March 2012. Retrieved 24 September 2011. 
^ ADL Slams British Academic Boycott Policy Archived 25 September 2012 at the Wayback Machine., Anti-Defamation League, 26 May 2006. Retrieved 16 May 2008.
^ Lecturers call for Israel boycott, BBC, 30 May 2006. Retrieved 16 September 2006.
^ Traubmann, Tamara; Benjamin Joffe-Walt (20 June 2006). "Israeli university boycott: how a campaign backfired". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 September 2006. 
^ Editorial, The New York Sun, 6 May 2005. Facing Up to the AUT
^ Anthony Julius and Alan Dershowitz in The Times Online 13 June 2007 [1]
^ "The Left's 'anti-Semitism' can't go unchallenged". Times Higher Education. 2 June 2006. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b Martino, Peter (12 July 2012). "France Penalizes Boycott of Israeli Products". The Jewish Press. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Le boycott d'Israël validé par la Cour de cassation (Politis, 21 novembre 2013) "La chambre criminelle de la Cour de cassation a confirmé mardi la légalité de la campagne de boycott des produits d'Israël"
^ "Boycotting Israel: New pariah on the block". The Economist. 13 September 2007. 
^ Steinberg, Gerald; Jason Edelstein (6 November 2010). "Turning the tables on BDS". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Israel Apartheid Week, and efforts to combat it, begin
^ Lydon, John (20 July 2010). "Lydon Slams Critics Over Israel Show". Contactmusic.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Consensus Seen Taking Shape On Boycotts
^ a b Cape Town Opera to go on Israel tour
^ Cape Town Opera's Tour to Israel Archived 5 June 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Kiss Lead Singer Gene Simmons Slams Israel Boycotters". Haaretz. Associated Press. 22 March 2011. 
^ a b c "Israel boycotters target authors, artists". Ynetnews. 5 March 2011. Retrieved 23 March 2011. 
^ Kling, Amit (15 May 2011). "Coen Brothers: Boycotting Israel Is a Mistake". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Real satisfaction: Rolling Stones choose Israel over BDS boycott, Fox News 1 April 2014
^ The Rolling Stones in Israel: It's only rock 'n roll, but we loved it, The Times of Israel 5 June 2014
^ "Alicia Keys to Go Forward With Israel Concert, Despite Pressure From BDS Movement". Haaretz. 31 May 2013. 
^ Miller, Sara (29 July 2013). "My, my, my. Tom Jones said to be coming to Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "Eric Burdon from Band The Animals To Play in Israel". The Forward. JTA. 29 July 2013. 
^ Harkov, Lahav (4 October 2015). "Bon Jovi helps Israelis 'Keep the Faith' with empowering songs on a difficult night". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Coorsh, Karolyn (20 July 2011). "Reggae star Ziggy Marley rejects calls to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Sailing with the 'Riverdance' of life. 09.13.11
^ Pro-Palestinian leader condemns violence at Brenner boycott
^ A Conversation with Noam Chomsky on Palestine/Israel
^ "Chomsky says BDS tactics won't work, may be harmful to Palestinians". The Jerusalem Post. 3 July 2014. 
^ Palestinian consul rejects BDS violence
^ Madonna Kicks Off 'MDNA' Tour in Tel Aviv
^ Hasson, Nir (31 May 2012). "Israeli Left-wing NGOs Split on Accepting Madonna's Invite to Tel Aviv Show". Haaretz. 
^ Israel is new South Africa as boycott calls increase (The Independent, 3 June 2012)
^ End the Arab Boycott of Israel
^ "Scarlett Johansson loses role as Oxfam ambassador over Super Bowl SodaStream ad which breaches charity's Israeli boycott". Daily Mail. 30 January 2014. 
^ "J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter author, comes out against BDS movement". The Jerusalem Post. 22 October 2015. 
^ Israel needs cultural bridges, not boycotts – letter from 149 opponents of a cultural boycott of Israel including JK Rowling and Simon Schama (The Guardian, 22 October 2015)
^ Sherwood, Harriet (22 October 2015). "Star authors call for Israeli-Palestinian dialogue rather than boycotts". The Guardian. 
^ a b c d Weiss, Martin A. (5 March 2013). "Arab League Boycott of Israel" (PDF). Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ "Restrictive Trade Practices - Antiboycott Compliance". Brown University. Archived from the original on 12 December 2013. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ Azulay, Moran (11 July 2011). "Knesset votes in favor of 'boycott bill'". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (7 March 2011). "Bill to punish anti-Israel boycotters passes first Knesset hurdle". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (11 July 2011). "Israel passes law banning calls for boycott". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ ספר החוקים (PDF) (in Hebrew). Nevo.co.il. 13 July 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Lis, Jonathan; Tomer Zarchin. "Israeli Left launches public campaign against new law banning boycotts". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Boycott Law may backfire on Israel". RT. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Rights groups to appeal 'Boycott Law' at High Court". The Jerusalem Post. 12 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Azulay, Moran (13 July 2011). "Netanyahu: I approved the Boycott Law". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Australian lawmakers support Israeli business". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Kerr, Christian (17 July 2012). "Support for boycotts on Israel backfired". The Australian. Retrieved 17 July 2012. 
^ Julia Gillard denounces activists as anti-Israel protest turns anti-Semitic
^ Higgins, Ean (29 May 2013). "In a democracy freedom of expression had to allow a capacity for dissent". The Australian. Retrieved 29 May 2013. 
^ Ghnassia, Michaël (23 March 2012). "Boycotter les produits d'Israël ? Non, ce n'est pas de la 'liberté d'expression'". Le Nouvel Observateur. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Tribunal slams academic for bringing anti-Semitism case (The Times Higher Education, 27 March 2013)
^ Government suffers defeat in court by Palestine campaigners over boycott, divestment and sanctions (Palestine Solidarity Campaign, JUNE 22, 2017)





Wikisource has original text related to this article:
Palestinian civil society calls for boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boycotts_of_Israel&oldid=792061670"					
Categories: Boycotts of IsraelZionismHuman rights in IsraelHuman rights in the Palestinian territoriesHidden categories: Wikipedia articles incorporating text from the Congressional Research ServiceWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2015Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 French-language sources (fr)Articles with dead external links from November 2016CS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)CS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)Wikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionArticles needing additional references from November 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles lacking reliable references from November 2011All articles lacking reliable referencesUse dmy dates from November 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017Articles lacking reliable references from March 2016Articles with too many examplesArticles with unsourced statements from April 2011Articles with attributed pull quotesWikipedia articles in need of updating from July 2013All Wikipedia articles in need of updating 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةفارسیFrançaisBahasa Indonesiaעברית 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Israel - Wikipedia




















 







Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Isreal)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see Israel (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35


State of Israel



מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל (Hebrew)
دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل (Arabic)










Flag



Emblem






Anthem: "Hatikvah" (Hebrew for "The Hope")




















Capital
and largest city
Jerusalem (internationally unrecognized)
31°47′N 35°13′E﻿ / ﻿31.783°N 35.217°E﻿ / 31.783; 35.217


Official languages



Hebrew
Arabic





Ethnic groups (2016)



74.8% Jewish
20.8% Arab
4.4% other[1]





Religion



74.8% Jewish
17.6% Muslim
2% Christian
1.6% Druze
4% other[2]





Demonym
Israeli


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Reuven Rivlin



• Prime Minister

Benjamin Netanyahu


Legislature
Knesset


Independence



• Declared

14 May 1948



• Admission to UNO

11 May 1949


Area



• Total

20,770–22,072 km2 (8,019–8,522 sq mi)[a] (149th)



• Water

440 km2 (170 sq mi)



• Water (%)

2.1


Population



• 2017 estimate

8,721,580[3] (98th)



• 2008 census

7,412,200[4]



• Density

392/km2 (1,015.3/sq mi) (34th)


GDP (PPP)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$316.120 billion (54th)



• Per capita

$36,379 (34th)


GDP (nominal)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$339.990 billion (34th)



• Per capita

$39,126 (24th)


Gini (2013)
42.8[6]
medium


HDI (2015)
 0.899[7]
very high · 19th


Currency
New shekel (₪‎) (ILS)


Time zone
IST (UTC+2)



• Summer (DST)

IDT (UTC+3)


Date format



אא-בב-גגגג (AM)‎
dd-mm-yyyy (CE)





Drives on the
right


Calling code
+972


ISO 3166 code
IL


Internet TLD
.il
.ישראל‎



Website
www.israel.org






^ 20,770 is Israel within the Green Line. 22,072 includes the annexed Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.








This article contains Hebrew and Arabic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols.


Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎‎), officially the State of Israel, is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[8] to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[2][9] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv,[10] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[note 1][11][12]
In 1947, the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem.[13] The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.[14][15] Next year, the Jewish Agency declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16] Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states,[17] in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank, Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip (still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement).[note 2] It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, but not the West Bank.[18][19][20][21] Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.[note 2][23] Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace. However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,721,580 people.[3] It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish. The country's second largest group of citizens are Arabs, at 20.8% (including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs).[1] The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims, including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins; the rest are Christians and Druze. Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans. Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia,[24] including illegal migrants from Sudan, Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state.[25] Israel is a representative democracy[26] with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage.[27][28] The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member,[29] with the 34th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2016[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree.[30] The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East,[7] and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.[31]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 Antiquity
2.3 Classical period
2.4 Middle Ages and modern history
2.5 Zionism and British mandate
2.6 After World War II
2.7 Early years of the State of Israel
2.8 Further conflict and peace process


3 Geography and environment

3.1 Tectonics and seismicity
3.2 Climate


4 Demographics

4.1 Major urban areas
4.2 Language
4.3 Religion
4.4 Education


5 Politics

5.1 Legal system
5.2 Administrative divisions
5.3 Israeli-occupied territories
5.4 Foreign relations
5.5 International humanitarian efforts
5.6 Military


6 Economy

6.1 Science and technology
6.2 Transportation
6.3 Tourism
6.4 Energy


7 Culture

7.1 Literature
7.2 Music and dance
7.3 Cinema and theatre
7.4 Media
7.5 Museums
7.6 Cuisine
7.7 Sports


8 See also
9 Notes
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



 Etymology




The Merneptah Stele (13th century BCE). The majority of biblical archeologists translate a set of hieroglyphs as "Israel," the first instance of the name in the record.


Upon independence in 1948, the country formally adopted the name "State of Israel" (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎  Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل‎‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]) after other proposed historical and religious names including Eretz Israel ("the Land of Israel"), Zion, and Judea, were considered and rejected.[32] In the early weeks of independence, the government chose the term "Israeli" to denote a citizen of Israel, with the formal announcement made by Minister of Foreign Affairs Moshe Sharett.[33]
The names Land of Israel and Children of Israel have historically been used to refer to the biblical Kingdom of Israel and the entire Jewish people respectively.[34] The name "Israel" (Standard Yisraʾel, Isrāʾīl; Septuagint Greek: Ἰσραήλ Israēl; 'El(God) persists/rules', though after Hosea 12:4 often interpreted as "struggle with God")[35][36][37][38] in these phrases refers to the patriarch Jacob who, according to the Hebrew Bible, was given the name after he successfully wrestled with the angel of the Lord.[39] Jacob's twelve sons became the ancestors of the Israelites, also known as the Twelve Tribes of Israel or Children of Israel. Jacob and his sons had lived in Canaan but were forced by famine to go into Egypt for four generations, lasting 430 years,[40] until Moses, a great-great grandson of Jacob,[41] led the Israelites back into Canaan during the "Exodus". The earliest known archaeological artifact to mention the word "Israel" as a collective is the Merneptah Stele of ancient Egypt (dated to the late 13th century BCE).[42]
The area is also known as the Holy Land, being holy for all Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith. From 1920, the whole region was known as Palestine (under British Mandate)[note 3] until the Israeli Declaration of Independence of 1948.[43] Through the centuries, the territory was known by a variety of other names, including Canaan, Djahy, Samaria, Judea, Yehud, Iudaea, Coele-Syria, Syria Palaestina and Southern Syria.
History
Main article: History of Israel
Prehistory
Further information: Prehistory of the Levant
The oldest evidence of early humans in the territory of modern Israel, dating to 1.5 million years ago, was found in Ubeidiya near the Sea of Galilee.[44] Other notable Paleolithic sites include caves Tabun, Qesem and Manot. The oldest fossils of anatomically modern humans found outside Africa are the Skhul and Qafzeh hominins, who lived in the area that is now northern Israel 120,000 years ago.[45] Around 10th millennium BCE, the Natufian culture existed in the area.[46]
Antiquity
Main article: History of ancient Israel and Judah
Further information: Israelites, Kingdom of Israel (Samaria), and Kingdom of Judah




The Large Stone Structure, archaeological site of ancient Jerusalem


The early history of the territory is unclear.[47]:104 Modern archaeology has largely discarded the historicity of the narrative in the Torah concerning the patriarchs, The Exodus, and the conquest described in the Book of Joshua, and instead views the narrative as constituting the Israelites' inspiring national myth.[48] Ancestors of the Israelites may have included ancient Semitic-speaking peoples native to Canaan.[49]:78–9 The archaeological evidence indicates a society of village-like centres, but with more limited resources and a small population.[50] Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400,[51][52] which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient;[53] economic interchange was prevalent.[54] Writing was known and available for recording, even in small sites.[55] The Israelites and their culture, according to the modern archaeological account, did not overtake the region by force, but instead branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatristic—and later monotheistic—religion centered on Yahweh. The growth of Yahweh-centric belief, along with a number of cultic practices, gradually gave rise to a distinct Israelite ethnic group, setting them apart from other Canaanites.[56][57][58][59][60][61]




Map of Israel and Judah in the 9th century BCE


While it is unclear if there was ever a United Monarchy,[62][47][63][64] there is well accepted archeological evidence referring to "Israel" in the Merneptah Stele which dates to about 1200 BCE;[65][66][67] and the Canaanites are archeologically attested in the Middle Bronze Age.[68][69] There is debate about the earliest existence of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah and their extent and power, but historians agree that a Kingdom of Israel existed by ca. 900 BCE[47]:169–195[63][64] and that a Kingdom of Judah existed by ca. 700 BCE.[70] The Kingdom of Israel was destroyed around 720 BCE, when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire.[71]
In 586 BCE, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon conquered Judah. According to the Hebrew Bible, he destroyed Solomon's Temple and exiled the Jews to Babylon. The defeat was also recorded in the Babylonian Chronicles.[72][73] The Babylonian exile ended around 538 BCE under the rule of the Persian Cyrus the Great after he captured Babylon.[74][75] The Second Temple was constructed around 520 BCE.[74] As part of the Persian Empire, the former Kingdom of Judah became the province of Judah (Yehud Medinata) with different borders, covering a smaller territory.[76] The population of the province was greatly reduced from that of the kingdom, archaeological surveys showing a population of around 30,000 people in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE.[47]:308
Classical period
Main article: Second Temple period
Further information: Hasmonean dynasty, Herodian dynasty, and Jewish–Roman wars




Portion of the Temple Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls written during the Second Temple period


With successive Persian rule, the autonomous province Yehud Medinata was gradually developing back into urban society, largely dominated by Judeans. The Greek conquests largely skipped the region without any resistance or interest. Incorporated into Ptolemaic and finally Seleucid empires, the southern Levant was heavily hellenized, building the tensions between Judeans and Greeks. The conflict erupted in 167 BCE with the Maccabean Revolt, which succeeded in establishing an independent Hasmonean Kingdom in Judah, which later expanded over much of modern Israel, as the Seleucids gradually lost control in the region.




Masada fortress, location of the final battle in the First Jewish–Roman War


The Roman Empire invaded the region in 63 BCE, first taking control of Syria, and then intervening in the Hasmonean Civil War. The struggle between pro-Roman and pro-Parthian factions in Judea eventually led to the installation of Herod the Great and consolidation of the Herodian kingdom as a vassal Judean state of Rome. With the decline of the Herodian dynasty, Judea, transformed into a Roman province, became the site of a violent struggle of Jews against Greco-Romans, culminating in the Jewish–Roman wars, ending in wide-scale destruction, expulsions, and genocide. Jewish presence in the region significantly dwindled after the failure of the Bar Kokhba revolt against the Roman Empire in 132 CE.[77]
Nevertheless, there was a continuous small Jewish presence and Galilee became its religious center.[78][79] The Mishnah and part of the Talmud, central Jewish texts, were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem.[80] The region came to be populated predominantly by Greco-Romans on the coast and Samaritans in the hill-country. Christianity was gradually evolving over Roman paganism, when the area stood under Byzantine rule. Through the 5th and 6th centuries, the dramatic events of the repeated Samaritan revolts reshaped the land, with massive destruction to Byzantine Christian and Samaritan societies and a resulting decrease of the population. After the Persian conquest and the installation of a short-lived Jewish Commonwealth in 614 CE, the Byzantine Empire reconquered the country in 628.
Middle Ages and modern history
Further information: History of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages, Muslim history in Palestine, and Old Yishuv




Kfar Bar'am, an ancient Jewish village, abandoned some time between the 7th–13th centuries AD.[81]


In 634–641 CE, the region, including Jerusalem, was conquered by the Arabs who had just recently adopted Islam. Control of the region transferred between the Rashidun Caliphs, Umayyads, Abbasids, Fatimids, Seljuks, Crusaders, and Ayyubids throughout the next three centuries.[82]
During the siege of Jerusalem by the First Crusade in 1099, the Jewish inhabitants of the city fought side by side with the Fatimid garrison and the Muslim population who tried in vain to defend the city against the Crusaders. When the city fell, about 60,000 people were massacred, including 6,000 Jews seeking refuge in a synagogue.[83] At this time, a full thousand years after the fall of the Jewish state, there were Jewish communities all over the country. Fifty of them are known and include Jerusalem, Tiberias, Ramleh, Ashkelon, Caesarea, and Gaza.[84] According to Albert of Aachen, the Jewish residents of Haifa were the main fighting force of the city, and "mixed with Saracen [Fatimid] troops", they fought bravely for close to a month until forced into retreat by the Crusader fleet and land army.[85][86] However, Joshua Prawer expressed doubt over the story, noting that Albert did not attend the Crusades and that such a prominent role for the Jews is not mentioned by any other source.[87][undue weight? – discuss]




The 15th-century Abuhav synagogue, established by Sephardic Jews in Safed, Northern Israel.[88]


In 1165, Maimonides visited Jerusalem and prayed on the Temple Mount, in the "great, holy house."[89] In 1141 the Spanish-Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi issued a call for Jews to migrate to the Land of Israel, a journey he undertook himself. In 1187 Sultan Saladin, founder of the Ayyubid dynasty, defeated the Crusaders in the Battle of Hattin and subsequently captured Jerusalem and almost all of Palestine. In time, Saladin issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem,[90] and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."[91] Al-Harizi compared Saladin's decree allowing Jews to re-establish themselves in Jerusalem to the one issued by the Persian king Cyrus the Great over 1,600 years earlier.[92]
In 1211, the Jewish community in the country was strengthened by the arrival of a group headed by over 300 rabbis from France and England,[93] among them Rabbi Samson ben Abraham of Sens.[94] Nachmanides, the 13th-century Spanish rabbi and recognised leader of Jewry greatly praised the land of Israel and viewed its settlement as a positive commandment incumbent on all Jews. He wrote "If the gentiles wish to make peace, we shall make peace and leave them on clear terms; but as for the land, we shall not leave it in their hands, nor in the hands of any nation, not in any generation."[95]
In 1260, control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt.[96] The country was located between the two centres of Mamluk power, Cairo and Damascus, and only saw some development along the postal road connecting the two cities. Jerusalem, although left without the protection of any city walls since 1219, also saw a flurry of new construction projects centred around the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount. In 1266 the Mamluk Sultan Baybars converted the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron into an exclusive Islamic sanctuary and banned Christians and Jews from entering, which previously would be able to enter it for a fee. The ban remained in place until Israel took control of the building in 1967.[97][98]




Jews at the Western Wall, 1870s


In 1470, Isaac b. Meir Latif arrived from Italy and counted 150 Jewish families in Jerusalem.[99] Thanks to Joseph Saragossi who had arrived in the closing years of the 15th century, Safed and its environs had developed into the largest concentration of Jews in Palestine. With the help of the Sephardic immigration from Spain, the Jewish population had increased to 10,000 by the early 16th century.[100]
In 1516, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire; it remained under Turkish rule until the end of the First World War, when Britain defeated the Ottoman forces and set up a military administration across the former Ottoman Syria. In 1920 the territory was divided between Britain and France under the mandate system, and the British-administered area which included modern day Israel was named Mandatory Palestine.[96][101][102]
Zionism and British mandate
Further information: Zionism, Yishuv, Mandatory Palestine, and Balfour Declaration




Theodor Herzl, visionary of the Jewish state


Since the existence of the earliest Jewish diaspora, many Jews have aspired to return to "Zion" and the "Land of Israel",[103] though the amount of effort that should be spent towards such an aim was a matter of dispute.[104][105] The hopes and yearnings of Jews living in exile are an important theme of the Jewish belief system.[104] After the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, some communities settled in Palestine.[106] During the 16th century, Jewish communities struck roots in the Four Holy Cities—Jerusalem, Tiberias, Hebron, and Safed—and in 1697, Rabbi Yehuda Hachasid led a group of 1,500 Jews to Jerusalem.[107] In the second half of the 18th century, Eastern European opponents of Hasidism, known as the Perushim, settled in Palestine.[108][109][110]


"Therefore I believe that a wonderous generation of Jews will spring into existence. The Maccabaeans will rise again. Let me repeat once more my opening words: The Jews wish to have a State, and they shall have one. We shall live at last as free men on our own soil, and die peacefully in our own home. The world will be freed by our liberty, enriched by our wealth, magnified by our greatness. And whatever we attempt there to accomplish for our own welfare will react with beneficent force for the good of humanity."

Theodor Herzl (1896).  A Jewish State. Wikisource.   [scan]
The first wave of modern Jewish migration to Ottoman-ruled Palestine, known as the First Aliyah, began in 1881, as Jews fled pogroms in Eastern Europe.[111] Although the Zionist movement already existed in practice, Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl is credited with founding political Zionism,[112] a movement which sought to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel, thus offering a solution to the so-called Jewish question of the European states, in conformity with the goals and achievements of other national projects of the time.[113] In 1896, Herzl published Der Judenstaat (The Jewish State), offering his vision of a future Jewish state; the following year he presided over the First Zionist Congress.[114]
The Second Aliyah (1904–14), began after the Kishinev pogrom; some 40,000 Jews settled in Palestine, although nearly half of them left eventually.[111] Both the first and second waves of migrants were mainly Orthodox Jews,[115] although the Second Aliyah included socialist groups who established the kibbutz movement.[116] During World War I, British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour sent the Balfour Declaration of 1917 to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, that stated that Britain intended for the creation of a Jewish "national home" within the Palestinian Mandate.[117][118]
In 1918, the Jewish Legion, a group primarily of Zionist volunteers, assisted in the British conquest of Palestine.[119] Arab opposition to British rule and Jewish immigration led to the 1920 Palestine riots and the formation of a Jewish militia known as the Haganah (meaning "The Defense" in Hebrew), from which the Irgun and Lehi, or the Stern Gang, paramilitary groups later split off.[120] In 1922, the League of Nations granted Britain a mandate over Palestine under terms which included the Balfour Declaration with its promise to the Jews, and with similar provisions regarding the Arab Palestinians.[121] The population of the area at this time was predominantly Arab and Muslim, with Jews accounting for about 11%,[122] and Arab Christians at about 9.5% of the population.[123]
The Third (1919–23) and Fourth Aliyahs (1924–29) brought an additional 100,000 Jews to Palestine.[111] The rise of Nazism and the increasing persecution of Jews in 1930s Europe led to the Fifth Aliyah, with an influx of a quarter of a million Jews. This was a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–39 during which the British Mandate authorities alongside the Zionist militias of Haganah and Irgun killed 5,032 Arabs and wounded 14,760,[124][125] resulting in over ten percent of the adult male Palestinian Arab population killed, wounded, imprisoned or exiled.[126] The British introduced restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine with the White Paper of 1939. With countries around the world turning away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust, a clandestine movement known as Aliyah Bet was organized to bring Jews to Palestine.[111] By the end of World War II, the Jewish population of Palestine had increased to 33% of the total population.[127]
After World War II
Further information: Intercommunal conflict in Mandatory Palestine, United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, and Israeli Declaration of Independence
After World War II, Britain found itself in intense conflict with the Jewish community over Jewish immigration limits, as well as continued conflict with the Arab community over limit levels. The Haganah joined Irgun and Lehi in an armed struggle against British rule.[128] At the same time, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Holocaust survivors and refugees sought a new life far from their destroyed communities in Europe. The Yishuv attempted to bring these refugees to Palestine but many were turned away or rounded up and placed in detention camps in Atlit and Cyprus by the British.




UN Map, "Palestine plan of partition with economic union"


On 22 July 1946, Irgun attacked the British administrative headquarters for Palestine, which was housed in the southern wing[129] of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.[130][131][132] A total of 91 people of various nationalities were killed and 46 were injured.[133] The hotel was the site of the Secretariat of the Government of Palestine and the Headquarters of the British Armed Forces in Palestine and Transjordan.[133][134] The attack initially had the approval of the Haganah. It was conceived as a response to Operation Agatha (a series of widespread raids, including one on the Jewish Agency, conducted by the British authorities) and was the deadliest directed at the British during the Mandate era.[133][134] It was characterized as one of the "most lethal terrorist incidents of the twentieth century."[135] In 1947, the British government announced it would withdraw from Palestine, stating it was unable to arrive at a solution acceptable to both Arabs and Jews.
On 15 May 1947, the General Assembly of the newly formed United Nations resolved that the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine be created "to prepare for consideration at the next regular session of the Assembly a report on the question of Palestine."[136] In the Report of the Committee dated 3 September 1947 to the General Assembly,[137] the majority of the Committee in Chapter VI proposed a plan to replace the British Mandate with "an independent Arab State, an independent Jewish State, and the City of Jerusalem ... the last to be under an International Trusteeship System."[138] On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 181 (II) recommending the adoption and implementation of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union.[13] The plan attached to the resolution was essentially that proposed by the majority of the Committee in the report of 3 September. The Jewish Agency, which was the recognized representative of the Jewish community, accepted the plan.[14] The Arab League and Arab Higher Committee of Palestine rejected it, and indicated that they would reject any other plan of partition.[15][139] On the following day, 1 December 1947, the Arab Higher Committee proclaimed a three-day strike, and Arab gangs began attacking Jewish targets.[140] The Jews were initially on the defensive as civil war broke out, but in early April 1948 moved onto the offensive.[141][142] The Arab Palestinian economy collapsed and 250,000 Palestinian Arabs fled or were expelled.[143]




David Ben-Gurion proclaiming the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948


On 14 May 1948, the day before the expiration of the British Mandate, David Ben-Gurion, the head of the Jewish Agency, declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16][144] The only reference in the text of the Declaration to the borders of the new state is the use of the term Eretz-Israel ("Land of Israel").[145] The following day, the armies of four Arab countries—Egypt, Syria, Transjordan and Iraq—entered what had been British Mandatory Palestine, launching the 1948 Arab–Israeli War;[146][147] contingents from Yemen, Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Sudan joined the war.[148][149] The apparent purpose of the invasion was to prevent the establishment of the Jewish state at inception, and some Arab leaders talked about driving the Jews into the sea.[150][151][152] According to Benny Morris, Jews felt that the invading Arab armies aimed to slaughter the Jews.[153] The Arab league stated that the invasion was to restore law and order and to prevent further bloodshed.[154]




Raising of the Ink Flag, marking the end of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War


After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established.[155] Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip. The United Nations estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians were expelled by or fled from advancing Israeli forces during the conflict—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe").[156]
Early years of the State of Israel
Further information: Arab–Israeli conflict
Israel was admitted as a member of the United Nations by majority vote on 11 May 1949.[157] Both Israel and Jordan were genuinely interested in a peace agreement but the British acted as a brake on the Jordanian effort in order to avoid damaging British interests in Egypt.[158] In the early years of the state, the Labor Zionist movement led by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion dominated Israeli politics.[159][160] The Kibbutzim, or collective farming communities, played a pivotal role in establishing the new state.[161]
Immigration to Israel during the late 1940s and early 1950s was aided by the Israeli Immigration Department and the non-government sponsored Mossad LeAliyah Bet ("Institution for Illegal Immigration"[162]). Both groups facilitated regular immigration logistics like arranging transportation, but the latter also engaged in clandestine operations in countries, particularly in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, where the lives of Jews were believed to be in danger and exit from those places was difficult. Mossad LeAliyah Bet was disbanded in 1953.[163] The immigration was in accordance with the One Million Plan. The immigrants came for differing reasons. Some believed in a Zionist ideology or did it for the promise of a better life in Israel, while others moved to escape persecution or were expelled.[164][165]
An influx of Holocaust survivors and Jews from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel during the first three years increased the number of Jews from 700,000 to 1,400,000.[166] By 1958, the population of Israel rose to two million.[166] Between 1948 and 1970, approximately 1,150,000 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel.[167] Some new immigrants arrived as refugees with no possessions and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot; by 1952, over 200,000 people were living in these tent cities.[168] Jews of European background were often treated more favorably than Jews from Middle Eastern and North African countries—housing units reserved for the latter were often re-designated for the former, with the result that Jews newly arrived from Arab lands generally ended up staying in transit camps for longer.[169] Tensions that developed between the two groups over such discrimination persist to the present day.[170] During this period, food, clothes and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the austerity period. The need to solve the crisis led Ben-Gurion to sign a reparations agreement with West Germany that triggered mass protests by Jews angered at the idea that Israel could accept monetary compensation for the Holocaust.[171]


Play media


U.S. newsreel on the trial of Adolf Eichmann


During the 1950s, Israel was frequently attacked by Palestinian fedayeen, nearly always against civilians,[172] mainly from the Egyptian-occupied Gaza Strip,[173] leading to several Israeli counter-raids. In 1956, Great Britain and France aimed at regaining control of the Suez Canal, which the Egyptians had nationalized. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, together with the growing amount of Fedayeen attacks against Israel's southern population, and recent Arab grave and threatening statements, prompted Israel to attack Egypt.[174][175][176][177] Israel joined a secret alliance with Great Britain and France and overran the Sinai Peninsula but was pressured to withdraw by the United Nations in return for guarantees of Israeli shipping rights in the Red Sea via the Straits of Tiran and the Canal[citation needed].[178][179] The war, known as the Suez Crisis, resulted in significant reduction of Israeli border infiltration.[180][181][182][183] In the early 1960s, Israel captured Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina and brought him to Israel for trial.[184] The trial had a major impact on public awareness of the Holocaust.[185] Eichmann remains the only person executed in Israel by conviction in an Israeli civilian court.[186]




Territory held by Israel:
  before the Six-Day War
  after the war
The Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt in 1982.


Since 1964, Arab countries, concerned over Israeli plans to divert waters of the Jordan River into the coastal plain,[187] had been trying to divert the headwaters to deprive Israel of water resources, provoking tensions between Israel on the one hand, and Syria and Lebanon on the other. Arab nationalists led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser refused to recognize Israel, and called for its destruction.[17][188][189] By 1966, Israeli-Arab relations had deteriorated to the point of actual battles taking place between Israeli and Arab forces.[190] In May 1967, Egypt massed its army near the border with Israel, expelled UN peacekeepers, stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since 1957, and blocked Israel's access to the Red Sea.[191][192][193] Other Arab states mobilized their forces.[194] Israel reiterated that these actions were a casus belli and, on 5 June, launched a pre-emptive strike against Egypt. Jordan, Syria and Iraq responded and attacked Israel. In a Six-Day War, Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank, defeated Egypt and captured the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula, and defeated Syria and captured the Golan Heights.[195] Jerusalem's boundaries were enlarged, incorporating East Jerusalem, and the 1949 Green Line became the administrative boundary between Israel and the occupied territories.
Following the 1967 war and the "three nos" resolution of the Arab League, during the 1967–1970 War of Attrition Israel faced attacks from the Egyptians in the Sinai, and from Palestinian groups targeting Israelis in the occupied territories, in Israel proper, and around the world. Most important among the various Palestinian and Arab groups was the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to "armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland".[196][197] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Palestinian groups launched a wave of attacks[198][199] against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world,[200] including a massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The Israeli government responded with an assassination campaign against the organizers of the massacre, a bombing and a raid on the PLO headquarters in Lebanon.
On 6 October 1973, as Jews were observing Yom Kippur, the Egyptian and Syrian armies launched a surprise attack against Israeli forces in the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights, that opened the Yom Kippur War. The war ended on 25 October with Israel successfully repelling Egyptian and Syrian forces but having suffered over 2,500 soldiers killed in a war which collectively took 10–35,000 lives in about 20 days.[201] An internal inquiry exonerated the government of responsibility for failures before and during the war, but public anger forced Prime Minister Golda Meir to resign.[202] In July 1976 an airliner was hijacked during its flight from Israel to France by Palestinian guerrillas and landed at Entebbe, Uganda. Israeli commandos carried out an operation in which 102 out of 106 Israeli hostages were successfully rescued.
Further conflict and peace process
Further information: Israeli–Palestinian peace process
See also: One-state solution, Two-state solution, Three-state solution, and Lieberman Plan
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party.[203] Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state.[204] In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979).[205] In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[206]
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.




Israel's 1980 law declared that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel."[12]


Meanwhile, Begin's government provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank, increasing friction with the Palestinians in that area.[207] The Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel, passed in 1980, was believed by some to reaffirm Israel's 1967 annexation of Jerusalem by government decree, and reignited international controversy over the status of the city. No Israeli legislation has defined the territory of Israel and no act specifically included East Jerusalem therein.[208] The position of the majority of UN member states is reflected in numerous resolutions declaring that actions taken by Israel to settle its citizens in the West Bank, and impose its laws and administration on East Jerusalem, are illegal and have no validity.[209] In 1981 Israel annexed the Golan Heights, although annexation was not recognized internationally.[210] Israel's population diversity expanded in the 1980s and 1990s. Several waves of Ethiopian Jews immigrated to Israel since the 1980s, while between 1990 and 1994, immigration from the post-Soviet states increased Israel's population by twelve percent.[211]
On 7 June 1981, the Israeli air force destroyed Iraq's sole nuclear reactor under construction just outside Baghdad, in order to impede Iraq's nuclear weapons program. Following a series of PLO attacks in 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon that year to destroy the bases from which the PLO launched attacks and missiles into northern Israel.[212] In the first six days of fighting, the Israelis destroyed the military forces of the PLO in Lebanon and decisively defeated the Syrians. An Israeli government inquiry—the Kahan Commission—would later hold Begin, Sharon and several Israeli generals as indirectly responsible for the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 1985, Israel responded to a Palestinian terrorist attack in Cyprus by bombing the PLO headquarters in Tunisia. Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon in 1986, but maintained a borderland buffer zone in southern Lebanon until 2000, from where Israeli forces engaged in conflict with Hezbollah. The First Intifada, a Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule,[213] broke out in 1987, with waves of uncoordinated demonstrations and violence occurring in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. Over the following six years, the Intifada became more organised and included economic and cultural measures aimed at disrupting the Israeli occupation. More than a thousand people were killed in the violence.[214] During the 1991 Gulf War, the PLO supported Saddam Hussein and Iraqi Scud missile attacks against Israel. Despite public outrage, Israel heeded American calls to refrain from hitting back and did not participate in that war.[215][216]




Shimon Peres (left) with Yitzhak Rabin (center) and King Hussein of Jordan (right), prior to signing the Israel–Jordan peace treaty in 1994.


In 1992, Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister following an election in which his party called for compromise with Israel's neighbors.[217][218] The following year, Shimon Peres on behalf of Israel, and Mahmoud Abbas for the PLO, signed the Oslo Accords, which gave the Palestinian National Authority the right to govern parts of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[219] The PLO also recognized Israel's right to exist and pledged an end to terrorism.[220] In 1994, the Israel–Jordan peace treaty was signed, making Jordan the second Arab country to normalize relations with Israel.[221] Arab public support for the Accords was damaged by the continuation of Israeli settlements[222] and checkpoints, and the deterioration of economic conditions.[223] Israeli public support for the Accords waned as Israel was struck by Palestinian suicide attacks.[224] In November 1995, while leaving a peace rally, Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a far-right-wing Jew who opposed the Accords.[225]




The site of the 2001 Tel Aviv Dolphinarium discotheque massacre, in which 21 Israelis were killed.


Under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu at the end of the 1990s, Israel withdrew from Hebron,[226] and signed the Wye River Memorandum, giving greater control to the Palestinian National Authority.[227] Ehud Barak, elected Prime Minister in 1999, began the new millennium by withdrawing forces from Southern Lebanon and conducting negotiations with Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton at the 2000 Camp David Summit. During the summit, Barak offered a plan for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The proposed state included the entirety of the Gaza Strip and over 90% of the West Bank with Jerusalem as a shared capital.[228] Each side blamed the other for the failure of the talks. After a controversial visit by Likud leader Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount, the Second Intifada began. Some commentators contend that the uprising was pre-planned by Arafat due to the collapse of peace talks.[229][230][231][232] Sharon became prime minister in a 2001 special election. During his tenure, Sharon carried out his plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Gaza Strip and also spearheaded the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier,[233] ending the Intifada.[234][235] By this time 1,100 Israelis had been killed, mostly in suicide bombings.[236] The Palestinian fatalities, from 2000 to 2008, reached 4,791 killed by Israeli security forces, 44 killed by Israeli civilians, and 609 killed by Palestinians.[237]
In July 2006, a Hezbollah artillery assault on Israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two Israeli soldiers precipitated the month-long Second Lebanon War.[238][239] On 6 September 2007, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a nuclear reactor in Syria. At the end of 2008, Israel entered another conflict as a ceasefire between Hamas and Israel collapsed. The 2008–09 Gaza War lasted three weeks and ended after Israel announced a unilateral ceasefire.[240][241] Hamas announced its own ceasefire, with its own conditions of complete withdrawal and opening of border crossings. Despite neither the rocket launchings nor Israeli retaliatory strikes having completely stopped, the fragile ceasefire remained in order.[242] In what Israel described as a response to more than a hundred Palestinian rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities,[243] Israel began an operation in Gaza on 14 November 2012, lasting eight days.[244] Israel started another operation in Gaza following an escalation of rocket attacks by Hamas in July 2014.[245]
Geography and environment
Main articles: Geography of Israel and Wildlife of Israel

Geography of Israel



v
t
e



Golan
Heights
Galilee
Coastal
plain
Judaean
Mountains
Jordan
Valley
Negev
Levantine Sea
(Mediterranean)
Kinneret
Dead
Sea
Gulf
of Eilat
West
Bank
Gaza
Strip
Lebanon
Syria
Jordan
Egypt










Satellite images of Israel and neighboring territories during the day (left) and night (right)


Israel is located in the Levant area of the Fertile Crescent region. The country is at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, bounded by Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan and the West Bank to the east, and Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the southwest. It lies between latitudes 29° and 34° N, and longitudes 34° and 36° E.
The sovereign territory of Israel (according to the demarcation lines of the 1949 Armistice Agreements and excluding all territories captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War) is approximately 20,770 square kilometers (8,019 sq mi) in area, of which two percent is water.[2] However Israel is so narrow that the exclusive economic zone in the Mediterranean is double the land area of the country.[246] The total area under Israeli law, including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, is 22,072 square kilometers (8,522 sq mi),[247] and the total area under Israeli control, including the military-controlled and partially Palestinian-governed territory of the West Bank, is 27,799 square kilometers (10,733 sq mi).[248]
Despite its small size, Israel is home to a variety of geographic features, from the Negev desert in the south to the inland fertile Jezreel Valley, mountain ranges of the Galilee, Carmel and toward the Golan in the north. The Israeli coastal plain on the shores of the Mediterranean is home to most of the nation's population.[249] East of the central highlands lies the Jordan Rift Valley, which forms a small part of the 6,500-kilometer (4,039 mi) Great Rift Valley. The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley, from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea, the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.[250] Further south is the Arabah, ending with the Gulf of Eilat, part of the Red Sea. Unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula are makhteshim, or erosion cirques.[251] The largest makhtesh in the world is Ramon Crater in the Negev,[252] which measures 40 by 8 kilometers (25 by 5 mi).[253] A report on the environmental status of the Mediterranean Basin states that Israel has the largest number of plant species per square meter of all the countries in the basin.[254]
Tectonics and seismicity
Further information: List of earthquakes in the Levant
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Jordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, West Bank, Coastal Plain, and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region. The entire Jordan Valley segment is thought to have ruptured repeatedly, for instance during the last two major earthquakes along this structure in 749 and 1033. The deficit in slip that has built up since the 1033 event is sufficient to cause an earthquake of Mw~7.4.[255]
The most catastrophic earthquakes we know of occurred in 31 BCE, 363, 749, and 1033 CE, that is every ca. 400 years on average.[256] Destructive earthquakes leading to serious loss of life strike about every 80 years.[257] While stringent construction regulations are currently in place and recently built structures are earthquake-safe, as of 2007[update] the majority of the buildings in Israel were older than these regulations and many public buildings as well as 50,000 residential buildings did not meet the new standards and were "expected to collapse" if exposed to a strong quake.[257] Given the fragile political situation of the Middle East region and the presence there of major holy sites, a quake reaching magnitude 7 on the Richter scale could have dire consequences for world peace.[256]
Climate




Köppen climate classification map of Israel


Temperatures in Israel vary widely, especially during the winter. Coastal areas, such as those of Tel Aviv and Haifa, have a typical Mediterranean climate with cool, rainy winters and long, hot summers. The area of Beersheba and the Northern Negev have a semi-arid climate with hot summers, cool winters, and fewer rainy days than the Mediterranean climate. The Southern Negev and the Arava areas have a desert climate with very hot, dry summers, and mild winters with few days of rain. The highest temperature in the continent of Asia (54.0 °C or 129.2 °F) was recorded in 1942 at Tirat Zvi kibbutz in the northern Jordan River valley.[258][259]
At the other extreme, mountainous regions can be windy and cold, and areas at elevation of 750 meters or more (same elevation as Jerusalem) will usually receive at least one snowfall each year.[260] From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.[261][262] With scarce water resources, Israel has developed various water-saving technologies, including drip irrigation.[263] Israelis also take advantage of the considerable sunlight available for solar energy, making Israel the leading nation in solar energy use per capita (practically every house uses solar panels for water heating).[264]
Four different phytogeographic regions exist in Israel, due to the country's location between the temperate and tropical zones, bordering the Mediterranean Sea in the west and the desert in the east. For this reason, the flora and fauna of Israel are extremely diverse. There are 2,867 known species of plants found in Israel. Of these, at least 253 species are introduced and nonnative.[265] There are 380 Israeli nature reserves.[266]







Tiberias and the Sea of Galilee









Field of Anemone coronaria, national flower of Israel









Makhtesh Ramon, a type of crater unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula









Snow in Galilee









Flowers of Israel




Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Israel and Israelis


Religion in Israel


v
t
e




 Note: Until 1995, figures for Christians also included Others.[267]


In 2017, Israel's population was an estimated 8,680,600 people, of whom 6,484,000 (74.7%) were recorded by the civil government as Jews.[268] 1,808,000 Arabs comprised 20.8% of the population, while non-Arab Christians and people who have no religion listed in the civil registry made up 4.4%.[269][1] Over the last decade, large numbers of migrant workers from Romania, Thailand, China, Africa, and South America have settled in Israel. Exact figures are unknown, as many of them are living in the country illegally,[270] but estimates run in the region of 203,000.[24] By June 2012, approximately 60,000 African migrants had entered Israel.[271] About 92% of Israelis live in urban areas.[272]




Immigration to Israel in the years 1948–2015. The two peaks were in 1949 and 1990.


Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship.[273] Retention of Israel's population since 1948 is about even or greater, when compared to other countries with mass immigration.[274] Jewish emigration from Israel (called yerida in Hebrew), primarily to the United States and Canada, is described by demographers as modest,[275] but is often cited by Israeli government ministries as a major threat to Israel's future.[276][277]
Three quarters of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Approximately 76% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 16% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab world).[278] Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews,[279] form most of the rest of the Jewish population.[280][281][282] Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.[283] Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return.[284][285][286]
In 2015[update], 385,900 Israelis lived in West Bank settlements,[287] including those that predated the establishment of the State of Israel and which were re-established after the Six-Day War, in cities such as Hebron and Gush Etzion bloc. In addition, there were more than 200,000 Jews living in East Jerusalem,[288] and 20,000 in the Golan Heights.[287] The total number of Israeli settlers is over 600,000 (≈10% of the Jewish Israeli population). Approximately 7,800 Israelis lived in settlements in the Gaza Strip, known as Gush Katif, until they were evacuated by the government as part of its 2005 disengagement plan.[289]
Major urban areas
For a more comprehensive list, see List of cities in Israel.




Park Tzameret residential neighborhood in Tel Aviv.


There are four major metropolitan areas: Gush Dan (Tel Aviv metropolitan area; population 3,785,000), Jerusalem metropolitan area (population 1,223,800), Haifa metropolitan area (population 913,700), and Beersheba metropolitan area (population 369,200).[290]
Israel's largest municipality, in population and area, is Jerusalem with 865,721 residents in an area of 125 square kilometres (48 sq mi).[291] Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem, which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation.[292] Tel Aviv and Haifa rank as Israel's next most populous cities, with populations of 432,892 and 278,903, respectively.[291]
Israel has 15 cities with populations over 100,000. In all, there are 77 municipalities granted "city" status by the Ministry of Interior. Two more cities are planned: Kasif, a planned city to be built in the Negev, and Harish, originally a small town currently being built into a large city.




 


v
t
e


Largest cities in Israel
Israel Central Bureau of Statistics[291]




Rank
Name
District
Pop.
Rank
Name
District
Pop.




Jerusalem

Tel Aviv
1
Jerusalem
Jerusalem
865,721a
11
Ramat Gan
Tel Aviv
152,596

Haifa

Rishon LeZion


2
Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
432,892
12
Rehovot
Central
132,671


3
Haifa
Haifa
278,903
13
Ashkelon
Southern
130,660


4
Rishon LeZion
Central
243,973
14
Bat Yam
Tel Aviv
128,892


5
Petah Tikva
Central
230,984
15
Beit Shemesh
Jerusalem
103,922


6
Ashdod
Southern
220,174
16
Kfar Saba
Central
96,922


7
Netanya
Central
207,946
17
Herzliya
Tel Aviv
91,926


8
Beersheba
Southern
203,604
18
Hadera
Haifa
88,783


9
Holon
Tel Aviv
188,834
19
Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut
Central
88,749


10
Bnei Brak
Tel Aviv
182,799
20
Nazareth
Northern
75,726


^a This number includes East Jerusalem and West Bank areas. Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.
Language
Main article: Languages of Israel




Road sign in Hebrew, Arabic, and English


Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic.[2] Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken every day by the majority of the population. Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority, with Hebrew taught in Arab schools.
As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel),[293][294] Russian and Amharic are widely spoken.[295] More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the post-Soviet states between 1990 and 2004.[296] French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis,[297] mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews). English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the establishment of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language,[298][299][300] as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects.[301]
Religion
Main articles: Religion in Israel and Abrahamic religions




The Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall, Jerusalem.


Israel comprises a major part of the Holy Land, a region of significant importance to all Abrahamic religions – Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druze and Bahá'í Faith.
The religious affiliation of Israeli Jews varies widely: a social survey indicates that 49% self-identify as Hiloni (secular), 29% as Masorti (traditional), 13% as Dati (Orthodox) and 9% as Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).[302] Haredi Jews are expected to represent more than 20% of Israel's Jewish population by 2028.[303]




9th Station of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa street in Jerusalem. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the background is venerated by Christians as the site of the Burial of Jesus.[304]


Making up 17.6% of the population, Muslims constitute Israel's largest religious minority. About 2% of the population is Christian and 1.6% is Druze.[2] The Christian population primarily comprises Arab Christians, but also includes post-Soviet immigrants, the foreign laborers of multinational origins, and followers of Messianic Judaism, considered by most Christians and Jews to be a form of Christianity.[305] Members of many other religious groups, including Buddhists and Hindus, maintain a presence in Israel, albeit in small numbers.[306] Out of more than one million immigrants from the former Soviet Union, about 300,000 are considered not Jewish by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.[307]
The city of Jerusalem is of special importance to Jews, Muslims and Christians as it is the home of sites that are pivotal to their religious beliefs, such as the Old City that incorporates the Western Wall and the Temple Mount, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.[308] Other locations of religious importance in Israel are Nazareth (holy in Christianity as the site of the Annunciation of Mary), Tiberias and Safed (two of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism), the White Mosque in Ramla (holy in Islam as the shrine of the prophet Saleh), and the Church of Saint George in Lod (holy in Christianity and Islam as the tomb of Saint George or Al Khidr). A number of other religious landmarks are located in the West Bank, among them Joseph's Tomb in Nablus, the birthplace of Jesus and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem, and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The administrative center of the Bahá'í Faith and the Shrine of the Báb are located at the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa; the leader of the faith is buried in Acre. Apart from maintenance staff, there is no Bahá'í community in Israel, although it is a destination for pilgrimages. Bahá'í staff in Israel do not teach their faith to Israelis following strict policy.[309][310][311] A few miles south of the Bahá'í World Centre is Mahmood Mosque affiliated with the reformist Ahmadiyya movement. Kababir, Haifa's mixed neighbourhood of Jews and Ahmadi Arabs is the only one of its kind in the country.[312][313]
Education
Main article: Education in Israel




Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center at Bar-Ilan University


Education is highly valued in the Israeli culture and was viewed as a fundamental block of ancient Israelites.[314] Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents was responsible.[315] Many international business leaders such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development and technological boom.[316][317][318] In 2015, the country ranked third among OECD members (after Canada and Japan) for the percentage of 25–64 year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 49% compared with the OECD average of 35%.[30] In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).[319][320]
Israel has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 97.8%.[2] The State Education Law, passed in 1953, established five types of schools: state secular, state religious, ultra orthodox, communal settlement schools, and Arab schools. The public secular is the largest school group, and is attended by the majority of Jewish and non-Arab pupils in Israel. Most Arabs send their children to schools where Arabic is the language of instruction.[321] Education is compulsory in Israel for children between the ages of three and eighteen.[322][323] Schooling is divided into three tiers – primary school (grades 1–6), middle school (grades 7–9), and high school (grades 10–12) – culminating with Bagrut matriculation exams. Proficiency in core subjects such as mathematics, the Hebrew language, Hebrew and general literature, the English language, history, Biblical scripture and civics is necessary to receive a Bagrut certificate.[324] Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations.[325][326] Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world.[327][328] In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage.[329] Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system",[330] since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel.[331] Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level.[332] Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states.[333] In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.[334]




Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Israel has nine public universities that are subsidized by the state and 49 private colleges.[324][335][336] The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel's second-oldest university after the Technion,[337][338] houses the National Library of Israel, the world's largest repository of Judaica and Hebraica.[339] The Technion and the Hebrew University consistently ranked among world's 100 top universities by the prestigious ARWU academic ranking.[340] Other major universities in the country include the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Bar-Ilan University, the University of Haifa and the Open University of Israel. Ariel University, in the West Bank, is the newest university institution, upgraded from college status, and the first in over thirty years.
Politics
Main articles: Politics of Israel and Israeli system of government
See also: Criticism of the Israeli government




President
Reuven Rivlin



Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu








The Knesset chamber, home to the Israeli parliament


Israel is a parliamentary democracy with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet.[341][342] Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties,[343] with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments. Parliamentary elections are scheduled every four years, but unstable coalitions or a no-confidence vote by the Knesset can dissolve a government earlier. The Basic Laws of Israel function as an uncodified constitution. In 2003, the Knesset began to draft an official constitution based on these laws.[2][344] The president of Israel is head of state, with limited and largely ceremonial duties.[341]
Israel has no official religion,[345][346][347] but the definition of the state as "Jewish and democratic" creates a strong connection with Judaism, as well as a conflict between state law and religious law. Interaction between the political parties keeps the balance between state and religion largely as it existed during the British Mandate.[348]
Legal system
Main articles: Judiciary of Israel and Israeli law




Supreme Court of Israel, Givat Ram, Jerusalem


Israel has a three-tier court system. At the lowest level are magistrate courts, situated in most cities across the country. Above them are district courts, serving as both appellate courts and courts of first instance; they are situated in five of Israel's six districts. The third and highest tier is the Supreme Court, located in Jerusalem; it serves a dual role as the highest court of appeals and the High Court of Justice. In the latter role, the Supreme Court rules as a court of first instance, allowing individuals, both citizens and non-citizens, to petition against the decisions of state authorities.[349][350] Although Israel supports the goals of the International Criminal Court, it has not ratified the Rome Statute, citing concerns about the ability of the court to remain free from political impartiality.[351]
Israel's legal system combines three legal traditions: English common law, civil law, and Jewish law.[2] It is based on the principle of stare decisis (precedent) and is an adversarial system, where the parties in the suit bring evidence before the court. Court cases are decided by professional judges rather than juries.[349] Marriage and divorce are under the jurisdiction of the religious courts: Jewish, Muslim, Druze, and Christian. The election of judges is carried out by a committee of two Knesset members, three Supreme Court justices, two Israeli Bar members and two ministers (one of which, Israel's justice minister, is the committee's chairman). The committee's members of the Knesset are secretly elected by the Knesset, and one of them is traditionally a member of the opposition, the committee's Supreme Court justices are chosen by tradition from all Supreme Court justices by seniority, the Israeli Bar members are elected by the bar, and the second minister is appointed by the Israeli cabinet. The current justice minister and committee's chairwoman is Ayelet Shaked.[352][353][354] Administration of Israel's courts (both the "General" courts and the Labor Courts) is carried by the Administration of Courts, situated in Jerusalem. Both General and Labor courts are paperless courts: the storage of court files, as well as court decisions, are conducted electronically. Israel's Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty seeks to defend human rights and liberties in Israel.
Administrative divisions
Main article: Districts of Israel

Districts of Israel
North
Haifa
Center
Tel Aviv
Judea
and
Samaria
Jerusalem
South



v
t
e




The State of Israel is divided into six main administrative districts, known as mehozot (מחוזות; singular: mahoz) – Center, Haifa, Jerusalem, North, South, and Tel Aviv districts, as well as the Judea and Samaria Area in the West Bank. All of the Judea and Samaria Area and parts of the Jerusalem and Northern districts are not recognized internationally as part of Israel. Districts are further divided into fifteen sub-districts known as nafot (נפות; singular: nafa), which are themselves partitioned into fifty natural regions.[355]


District
Capital
Largest city
Population[287]


Jews
Arabs
Total
note


Jerusalem
Jerusalem
7001670000000000000♠67%
7001320000000000000♠32%
1058000 !1,058,000
a


North
Nazareth Illit
Nazareth
7001430000000000000♠43%
7001540000000000000♠54%
1380400 !1,380,400



Haifa
Haifa
7001680000000000000♠68%
7001260000000000000♠26%
0981300 !981,300



Center
Ramla
Rishon LeZion
7001880000000000000♠88%
7000800000000000000♠8%
2071500 !2,071,500



Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
7001930000000000000♠93%
7000100000000000000♠1%
1368800 !1,368,800



South
Beersheba
Ashdod
7001730000000000000♠73%
7001200000000000000♠20%
1217500 !1,217,500



Judea and Samaria
Ariel
Modi'in Illit
7001980000000000000♠98%
5000000000000000000♠0%
0385900 !385,900
b



^a Including 201,170 Jews and 313,350 Arabs in East Jerusalem, as of 2014[update].[288]
^b Israeli citizens only.

Israeli-occupied territories
Main article: Israeli-occupied territories




Map of Israel showing the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, and the Golan Heights


In 1967, as a result of the Six-Day War, Israel captured and occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. Israel also captured the Sinai Peninsula, but returned it to Egypt as part of the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.[356] Between 1982 and 2000, Israel occupied part of southern Lebanon, in what was known as the Security Belt. Since Israel's capture of these territories, Israeli settlements and military installations have been built within each of them, except Lebanon. Israel has applied civilian law to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem and granted their inhabitants permanent residency status and the ability to apply for citizenship. The West Bank, outside of the Israeli settlements within the territory, has remained under direct military rule, and Palestinians in this area cannot become Israeli citizens. Israel withdrew its military forces and dismantled the Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip as part of its disengagement from Gaza though it continues to maintain control of its airspace and waters.
The UN Security Council has declared the annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem to be "null and void" and continues to view the territories as occupied.[357][358] The International Court of Justice, principal judicial organ of the United Nations, asserted, in its 2004 advisory opinion on the legality of the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier, that the lands captured by Israel in the Six-Day War, including East Jerusalem, are occupied territory.[359] The status of East Jerusalem in any future peace settlement has at times been a difficult issue in negotiations between Israeli governments and representatives of the Palestinians, as Israel views it as its sovereign territory, as well as part of its capital. Most negotiations relating to the territories have been on the basis of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which emphasises "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war", and calls on Israel to withdraw from occupied territories in return for normalization of relations with Arab states, a principle known as "Land for peace".[360][361][362]
According to some observers,[weasel words] Israel has engaged in systematic and widespread violations of human rights in the occupied territories, including the occupation itself[363] and war crimes against civilians.[364][365][366][367] The allegations include violations of international humanitarian law[368] by the United Nations Human Rights Council,[369] with local residents having "limited ability to hold governing authorities accountable for such abuses" by the U.S. State Department,[370] mass arbitrary arrests, torture, unlawful killings, systemic abuses and impunity by Amnesty International and others[371][372][373][374][375][376] and a denial of the right to Palestinian self-determination.[377][378][379][380][381][excessive detail?] In response to such allegations, Prime Minister Netanyahu has defended the country's security forces for protecting the innocent from terrorists[382] and expressed contempt for what he describes as a lack of concern about the human rights violations committed by "criminal killers".[383] Some observers, such as Israeli officials, scholars,[384] United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley[385][386] and UN secretary-generals Ban Ki-moon[387] and Kofi Annan,[388] also assert that the UN is disproportionately concerned with Israeli misconduct.[excessive detail?]




Israeli West Bank barrier separating Israel and the West Bank


The West Bank was occupied and annexed by Jordan in 1950, following the Arab rejection of the UN decision to create two states in Palestine. Only Britain recognized this annexation and Jordan has since ceded its claim to the territory to the PLO. The population are mainly Palestinians, including refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.[389] From their occupation in 1967 until 1993, the Palestinians living in these territories were under Israeli military administration. Since the Israel–PLO letters of recognition, most of the Palestinian population and cities have been under the internal jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, and only partial Israeli military control, although Israel has on several occasions redeployed its troops and reinstated full military administration during periods of unrest. In response to increasing attacks during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government started to construct the Israeli West Bank barrier.[390] When completed, approximately 13% of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line or in Israel with 87% inside the West Bank.[391][392]
The Gaza Strip was occupied by Egypt from 1948 to 1967 and then by Israel after 1967. In 2005, as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, Israel removed all of its settlers and forces from the territory. Israel does not consider the Gaza Strip to be occupied territory and declared it a "foreign territory". That view has been disputed by numerous international humanitarian organizations and various bodies of the United Nations.[393][394][395][396][397] Following the 2007 Battle of Gaza, when Hamas assumed power in the Gaza Strip,[398] Israel tightened its control of the Gaza crossings along its border, as well as by sea and air, and prevented persons from entering and exiting the area except for isolated cases it deemed humanitarian.[398] Gaza has a border with Egypt and an agreement between Israel, the European Union and the PA governed how border crossing would take place (it was monitored by European observers).[399]
Foreign relations
Main articles: Foreign relations of Israel and International recognition of Israel




  Diplomatic relations
  Diplomatic relations suspended
  Former diplomatic relations
  No diplomatic relations, but former trade relations
  No diplomatic relations



Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 countries and has 107 diplomatic missions around the world;[400] countries with whom they have no diplomatic relations include most Muslim countries.[401] Only three members of the Arab League have normalized relations with Israel: Egypt and Jordan signed peace treaties in 1979 and 1994, respectively, and Mauritania opted for full diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Despite the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, Israel is still widely considered an enemy country among Egyptians.[402] Under Israeli law, Lebanon, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, and Yemen are enemy countries,[403] and Israeli citizens may not visit them without permission from the Ministry of the Interior.[404] Iran had diplomatic relations with Israel under the Pahlavi dynasty[405] but withdrew its recognition of Israel during the Islamic Revolution.[406] As a result of the 2008–09 Gaza War, Mauritania, Qatar, Bolivia, and Venezuela suspended political and economic ties with Israel.[407][408]
The United States and the Soviet Union were the first two countries to recognize the State of Israel, having declared recognition roughly simultaneously.[409] The United States regards Israel as its "most reliable partner in the Middle East,"[410] based on "common democratic values, religious affinities, and security interests".[411] The United States has provided $68 billion in military assistance and $32 billion in grants to Israel since 1967, under the Foreign Assistance Act (period beginning 1962),[412] more than any other country for that period until 2003.[412][413][414] The United Kingdom is seen as having a "natural" relationship with Israel on account of the British Mandate for Palestine.[415] Relations between the two countries were also made stronger by former prime minister Tony Blair's efforts for a two state resolution. By 2007[update], Germany had paid 25 billion euros in reparations to the Israeli state and individual Israeli Holocaust survivors.[416] Israel is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.[417]
Although Turkey and Israel did not establish full diplomatic relations until 1991,[418] Turkey has cooperated with the Jewish state since its recognition of Israel in 1949. Turkey's ties to the other Muslim-majority nations in the region have at times resulted in pressure from Arab and Muslim states to temper its relationship with Israel.[419] Relations between Turkey and Israel took a downturn after the 2008–09 Gaza War and Israel's raid of the Gaza flotilla.[420] Relations between Greece and Israel have improved since 1995 due to the decline of Israeli-Turkish relations.[421] The two countries have a defense cooperation agreement and in 2010, the Israeli Air Force hosted Greece's Hellenic Air Force in a joint exercise at the Uvda base. The joint Cyprus-Israel oil and gas explorations centered on the Leviathan gas field are an important factor for Greece, given its strong links with Cyprus.[422] Cooperation in the world's longest sub-sea electric power cable, the EuroAsia Interconnector, has strengthened relations between Cyprus and Israel.[423]
Azerbaijan is one of the few majority Muslim countries to develop bilateral strategic and economic relations with Israel. Azerbaijan supplies Israel with a substantial amount of its oil needs, and Israel has helped modernize the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan. India established full diplomatic ties with Israel in 1992 and has fostered a strong military, technological and cultural partnership with the country since then.[424] According to an international opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world.[425][426] India is the largest customer of the Israeli military equipment and Israel is the second-largest military partner of India after Russia.[427] Ethiopia is Israel's main ally in Africa due to common political, religious and security interests.[428] Israel provides expertise to Ethiopia on irrigation projects and thousands of Ethiopian Jews live in Israel.
International humanitarian efforts
Israeli foreign aid ranks low among OECD nations, spending less than 0.1% of its GNI on development assistance, as opposed to the recommended 0.7%. The country also ranked 43rd in the 2016 World Giving Index.[429] However, Israel has a history of providing emergency aid and humanitarian response teams to disasters across the world.[430] Israel's humanitarian efforts officially began in 1957, with the establishment of Mashav, the Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation.[431] There are additional Israeli humanitarian and emergency response groups that work with the Israel government, including IsraAid, a joint programme run by 14 Israeli organizations and North American Jewish groups,[432] ZAKA,[433] The Fast Israeli Rescue and Search Team (FIRST),[434] Israeli Flying Aid (IFA),[435] Save a Child's Heart (SACH)[436] and Latet.[437]
Between 1985 and 2015, Israel sent 24 delegations of IDF search and rescue unit, the Home Front Command, to 22 countries.[438] In Haiti, immediately following the 2010 earthquake, Israel was the first country to set up a field hospital capable of performing surgical operations.[439] Israel sent over 200 medical doctors and personnel to start treating injured Haitians at the scene.[440] At the conclusion of its humanitarian mission 11 days later,[441] the Israeli delegation had treated more than 1,110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births and rescued or assisted in the rescue of four individuals.[442][443] Despite radiation concerns, Israel was one of the first countries to send a medical delegation to Japan following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster.[444] Israel dispatched a medical team to the tsunami-stricken city of Kurihara in 2011. A medical clinic run by an IDF team of some 50 members featured pediatric, surgical, maternity and gynecological, and otolaryngology wards, together with an optometry department, a laboratory, a pharmacy and an intensive care unit. After treating 200 patients in two weeks, the departing emergency team donated its equipment to the Japanese.[445]
Military
Main articles: Israel Defense Forces and Israeli security forces
Further information: List of wars involving Israel, List of the Israel Defense Forces operations, and Israel and weapons of mass destruction
The Israel Defense Forces is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Cabinet. The IDF consist of the army, air force and navy. It was founded during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by consolidating paramilitary organizations—chiefly the Haganah—that preceded the establishment of the state.[446] The IDF also draws upon the resources of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman), which works with Mossad and Shabak.[447] The Israel Defense Forces have been involved in several major wars and border conflicts in its short history, making it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world.[448][449]




IDF soldiers cleaning the beaches at Tel Aviv, which have scored highly in environmental tests.[450]


Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years.[451] Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their forties. Most women are exempt from reserve duty. Arab citizens of Israel (except the Druze) and those engaged in full-time religious studies are exempt from military service, although the exemption of yeshiva students has been a source of contention in Israeli society for many years.[452][453] An alternative for those who receive exemptions on various grounds is Sherut Leumi, or national service, which involves a program of service in hospitals, schools and other social welfare frameworks.[454] As a result of its conscription program, the IDF maintains approximately 176,500 active troops and an additional 445,000 reservists.[455]




Iron Dome is the world's first operational anti-artillery rocket defense system.


The nation's military relies heavily on high-tech weapons systems designed and manufactured in Israel as well as some foreign imports. The Arrow missile is one of the world's few operational anti-ballistic missile systems.[456] The Python air-to-air missile series is often considered one of the most crucial weapons in its military history.[457] Israel's Spike missile is one of the most widely exported ATGMs in the world.[458] Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile air defense system gained worldwide acclaim after intercepting hundreds of Qassam, 122 mm Grad and Fajr-5 artillery rockets fire by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip.[459][460] Since the Yom Kippur War, Israel has developed a network of reconnaissance satellites.[461] The success of the Ofeq program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching such satellites.[462]
Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons[463] as well as chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.[464] Israel has not signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons[465] and maintains a policy of deliberate ambiguity toward its nuclear capabilities.[466] The Israeli Navy's Dolphin submarines are believed to be armed with nuclear Popeye Turbo missiles, offering second-strike capability.[467] Since the Gulf War in 1991, when Israel was attacked by Iraqi Scud missiles, all homes in Israel are required to have a reinforced security room, Merkhav Mugan, impermeable to chemical and biological substances.[468]
Since Israel's establishment, military expenditure constituted a significant portion of the country's gross domestic product, with peak of 30.3% of GDP spent on defense in 1975.[469] In 2015, Israel ranked 7th in the world by defense spending as a percentage of GDP, with 5.4%,[470] and 15th by total military expenditure.[471] Since 1974, the United States has been a particularly notable contributor of military aid to Israel.[472] Under a memorandum of understanding signed in 2016, the U.S. is expected to provide the country with $3.8 billion per year, or around 20% of Israel's defense budget, from 2018 to 2028.[473] Israel ranked 7th globally for arms exports in 2016.[474] The majority of Israel's arms exports are unreported for security reasons.[475] Israel is consistently rated low in the Global Peace Index, ranking 144th out of 163 nations for peacefulness in 2017.[476]
Economy
Main article: Economy of Israel




The Diamond Exchange District in Ramat Gan


Israel is considered the most advanced country in Southwest Asia and the Middle East in economic and industrial development.[477] Israel's quality university education and the establishment of a highly motivated and educated populace is largely responsible for spurring the country's high technology boom and rapid economic development.[316] In 2010, it joined the OECD.[29][478] The country is ranked 24th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report[479] and 52nd on the World Bank's Doing Business index.[480] It has the second-largest number of startup companies in the world after the United States,[481] and the third-largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies after the U.S. and China.[482] In 2016, Israel ranked 21st among the world's most competitive nations, according to the IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook.[483] Israel was also ranked 4th in the world by share of people in high-skilled employment.[484]




Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Its building is optimized for computer trading, with systems located in an underground bunker to keep the exchange active during emergencies.[485]


Despite limited natural resources, intensive development of the agricultural and industrial sectors over the past decades has made Israel largely self-sufficient in food production, apart from grains and beef. Imports to Israel, totaling $57.9 billion in 2016, include raw materials, military equipment, investment goods, rough diamonds, fuels, grain, and consumer goods.[2] Leading exports include machinery and equipment, software, cut diamonds, agricultural products, chemicals, and textiles and apparel; in 2016, Israeli exports reached $51.61 billion.[2]
The Bank of Israel holds $97.22 billion of foreign-exchange reserves.[2] Since the 1970s, Israel has received military aid from the United States, as well as economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees, which now account for roughly half of Israel's external debt. Israel has one of the lowest external debts in the developed world, and is a lender in terms of net external debt (assets vs. liabilities abroad), which in 2015[update] stood at a surplus of $69 billion.[486] Israel has an impressive record for creating profit driven technologies making the country a top choice for many business leaders and high technology industry giants. Intel[487] and Microsoft[488] built their first overseas research and development facilities in Israel, and other high-tech multi-national corporations, such as IBM, Google, Apple, HP, Cisco Systems, Facebook and Motorola have opened R&D centres in the country. In 2007, American investor Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought an Israeli company, Iscar, its first acquisition outside the United States, for $4 billion.[489]
Days of working time in Israel are Sunday through Thursday (for a five-day workweek), or Friday (for a six-day workweek). In observance of Shabbat, in places where Friday is a work day and the majority of population is Jewish, Friday is a "short day", usually lasting till 14:00 in the winter, or 16:00 in the summer. Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world, and make Sunday a non-working day, while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day.[490]
Science and technology
Main articles: Science and technology in Israel and List of Israeli inventions and discoveries




Materials science professor Dan Shechtman is one of six Israelis to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in under a decade.[491]


Israel's development of cutting-edge technologies in software, communications and the life sciences have evoked comparisons with Silicon Valley.[492][493] Israel ranks 10th in the Bloomberg Innovation Index,[494] and is 2nd in the world in expenditure on research and development as a percentage of GDP.[495] Israel boasts 140 scientists, technicians, and engineers per 10,000 employees, the highest number in the world (in comparison, the same is 85 for the U.S.).[496][497][498] Israel has produced six Nobel Prize-winning scientists since 2004[491] and has been frequently ranked as one of the countries with the highest ratios of scientific papers per capita in the world.[499][500][501] Israel has led the world in stem-cell research papers per capita since 2000.[502] Israeli universities are ranked among the top 50 world universities in computer science (Technion and Tel Aviv University), mathematics (Hebrew University of Jerusalem) and chemistry (Weizmann Institute of Science).[340]




IAI Lavi, technology demonstrator.


In 2012 Israel was ranked ninth in the world by the Futron's Space Competitiveness Index.[503] The Israel Space Agency coordinates all Israeli space research programs with scientific and commercial goals, and have indigenously designed and built at least 13 commercial, research and spy satellites.[504] Some of Israel's satellites are ranked among the world's most advanced space systems.[505] Shavit is a space launch vehicle produced by Israel to launch small satellites into low Earth orbit.[506] It was first launched in 1988, making Israel the eighth nation to have a space launch capability. In 2003, Ilan Ramon became Israel's first astronaut, serving as payload specialist of STS-107, the fatal mission of the Space Shuttle Columbia.[507]
The ongoing shortage of water in the country has spurred innovation in water conservation techniques, and a substantial agricultural modernization, drip irrigation, was invented in Israel. Israel is also at the technological forefront of desalination and water recycling. The Sorek desalination plant is the largest seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination facility in the world.[508] By 2014, Israel's desalination programs provided roughly 35% of Israel's drinking water and it is expected to supply 40% by 2015 and 70% by 2050.[509] As of 2015, more than 50 percent of the water for Israeli households, agriculture and industry is artificially produced.[510] The country hosts an annual Water Technology and Environmental Control Exhibition & Conference (WATEC) that attracts thousands of people from across the world.[511][512] In 2011, Israel's water technology industry was worth around $2 billion a year with annual exports of products and services in the tens of millions of dollars. As a result of innovations in reverse osmosis technology, Israel is set to become a net exporter of water in the coming years.[513]




The world's largest solar parabolic dish at the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center.[514]


Israel has embraced solar energy; its engineers are on the cutting edge of solar energy technology[515] and its solar companies work on projects around the world.[516][517] Over 90% of Israeli homes use solar energy for hot water, the highest per capita in the world.[264][518] According to government figures, the country saves 8% of its electricity consumption per year because of its solar energy use in heating.[519] The high annual incident solar irradiance at its geographic latitude creates ideal conditions for what is an internationally renowned solar research and development industry in the Negev Desert.[515][516][517] Israel had a modern electric car infrastructure involving a countrywide network of charging stations to facilitate the charging and exchange of car batteries. It was thought that this would have lowered Israel's oil dependency and lowered the fuel costs of hundreds of Israel's motorists that use cars powered only by electric batteries.[520][521][522] The Israeli model was being studied by several countries and being implemented in Denmark and Australia.[523] However, Israel's trailblazing electric car company Better Place shut down in 2013.[524]
Transportation
Main article: Transport in Israel




Reception hall at Ben Gurion Airport


Israel has 19,224 kilometres (11,945 mi) of paved roads,[525] and 3 million motor vehicles.[526] The number of motor vehicles per 1,000 persons is 365, relatively low with respect to developed countries.[526] Israel has 5,715 buses on scheduled routes,[527] operated by several carriers, the largest of which is Egged, serving most of the country. Railways stretch across 1,277 kilometres (793 mi) and are operated solely by government-owned Israel Railways.[528] Following major investments beginning in the early to mid-1990s, the number of train passengers per year has grown from 2.5 million in 1990, to 53 million in 2015; railways are also transporting 7.5 million tons of cargo, per year.[528]
Israel is served by two international airports, Ben Gurion Airport, the country's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv, and Ovda Airport, which serves the southernmost port city of Eilat. There are several small domestic airports as well.[529] Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, handled over 15 million passengers in 2015.[530] On the Mediterranean coast, the Port of Haifa is the country's oldest and largest port, while Ashdod Port is one of the few deep water ports in the world built on the open sea.[529] In addition to these, the smaller Port of Eilat is situated on the Red Sea, and is used mainly for trading with Far East countries.[529]
Tourism
Main article: Tourism in Israel




Mount Hermon ski resort, which in peak season can attract more than 12,000 visitors each day.


Tourism, especially religious tourism, is an important industry in Israel, with the country's temperate climate, beaches, archaeological, other historical and biblical sites, and unique geography also drawing tourists. Israel's security problems have taken their toll on the industry, but the number of incoming tourists is on the rebound.[531] In 2013, a record of 3.54 million tourists visited Israel with the most popular site of attraction being the Western Wall with 68% of tourists visiting there.[532][533]
Energy
Main article: Energy in Israel
In 2009, a natural gas reserve, Tamar was found near the coast of Israel. A second natural gas reserve, Leviathan, was discovered in 2010.[534]
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.[535] In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.[536] The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.[537]
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million.[538]
Culture
Main article: Culture of Israel
Israel's diverse culture stems from the diversity of its population: Jews from diaspora communities around the world have brought their cultural and religious traditions back with them, creating a melting pot of Jewish customs and beliefs.[539] Israel is the only country in the world where life revolves around the Hebrew calendar. Work and school holidays are determined by the Jewish holidays, and the official day of rest is Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath.[540] Israel's substantial Arab minority has also left its imprint on Israeli culture in such spheres as architecture,[541] music,[542] and cuisine.[543]
Literature
Main article: Israeli literature




Shmuel Yosef Agnon, laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature






Amos Oz's works have been translated into 36 languages, more than any other Israeli writer.[544]


Israeli literature is primarily poetry and prose written in Hebrew, as part of the renaissance of Hebrew as a spoken language since the mid-19th century, although a small body of literature is published in other languages, such as English. By law, two copies of all printed matter published in Israel must be deposited in the National Library of Israel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2001, the law was amended to include audio and video recordings, and other non-print media.[545] In 2015, 85 percent of the 7,843 books transferred to the library were in Hebrew.[546] The Hebrew Book Week is held each June and features book fairs, public readings, and appearances by Israeli authors around the country. During the week, Israel's top literary award, the Sapir Prize, is presented.[citation needed]
In 1966, Shmuel Yosef Agnon shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with German Jewish author Nelly Sachs.[547] Leading Israeli poets have been Yehuda Amichai, Nathan Alterman and Rachel Bluwstein. Internationally famous contemporary Israeli novelists include Amos Oz, Etgar Keret and David Grossman. The Israeli-Arab satirist Sayed Kashua (who writes in Hebrew) is also internationally known.[citation needed] Israel has also been the home of two leading Palestinian poets and writers: Emile Habibi, whose novel The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist, and other writings, won him the Israel prize for Arabic literature; and Mahmoud Darwish, considered by many to be "the Palestinian national poet."[548] Darwish was born and raised in northern Israel, but lived his adult life abroad after joining the Palestine Liberation Organization.[citation needed]
Music and dance
Main articles: Music of Israel and Dance in Israel




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta


Israeli music contains musical influences from all over the world; Mizrahi and Sephardic music, Hasidic melodies, Greek music, jazz, and pop rock are all part of the music scene.[549][550] Among Israel's world-renowned[551][552] orchestras is the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been in operation for over seventy years and today performs more than two hundred concerts each year.[553] Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Ofra Haza are among the internationally acclaimed musicians born in Israel.[citation needed] Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nearly every year since 1973, winning the competition three times and hosting it twice.[554][555] Eilat has hosted its own international music festival, the Red Sea Jazz Festival, every summer since 1987.[556] Israel is home to many Palestinian musicians, including an oud group Le Trio Joubran and singer Amal Murkus. The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance has an advanced degree program in Arabic music, headed by oud virtuoso Taiseer Elias.[citation needed]




Celebrated Israeli ballet dancers Valery and Galina Panov, who founded the Ballet Panov, in Ashdod[557]


The nation's canonical folk songs, known as "Songs of the Land of Israel," deal with the experiences of the pioneers in building the Jewish homeland.[558] The Hora circle dance introduced by early Jewish settlers was originally popular in the kibbutzim and outlying communities. It became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction and of the ability to experience joy amidst austerity. It now plays a significant role in modern Israeli folk dancing and is regularly performed at weddings and other celebrations, and in group dances throughout Israel.[citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?] to be among the most versatile and original international creators working today. Famous Israeli companies include the Batsheva Dance Company and the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company.[citation needed]
Cinema and theatre
Main article: Cinema of Israel




Habima Theatre, in Tel Aviv


Ten Israeli films have been final nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards since the establishment of Israel. The 2009 movie Ajami was the third consecutive nomination of an Israeli film.[559] Palestinian Israeli filmmakers have made a number of films dealing with the Arab-Israel conflict and the status of Palestinians within Israel, such as Mohammed Bakri's 2002 film Jenin, Jenin and The Syrian Bride.[citation needed]
Continuing the strong theatrical traditions of the Yiddish theatre in Eastern Europe, Israel maintains a vibrant theatre scene. Founded in 1918, Habima Theatre in Tel Aviv is Israel's oldest repertory theater company and national theater.[560]
Media
Main article: Media of Israel
The 2016 Freedom of the Press annual report by Freedom House ranked Israel as the Middle East and North Africa's most free country, and 65th globally.[561] In the 2016 Press Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders, Israel (including "Israel extraterritorial" since 2013 ranking)[562] was placed 101st of 180 countries, and 3rd below Tunisia (at 96) and Lebanon (at 98) in the Middle East and North Africa region.[563]
Museums
For a more comprehensive list, see List of Israeli museums.




Shrine of the Book, repository of the Dead Sea Scrolls in Jerusalem


The Israel Museum in Jerusalem is one of Israel's most important cultural institutions[564] and houses the Dead Sea Scrolls,[565] along with an extensive collection of Judaica and European art.[564] Israel's national Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is the world central archive of Holocaust-related information.[566] Beit Hatfutsot ("The Diaspora House"), on the campus of Tel Aviv University, is an interactive museum devoted to the history of Jewish communities around the world.[567] Apart from the major museums in large cities, there are high-quality artspaces in many towns and kibbutzim. Mishkan LeOmanut in kibbutz Ein Harod Meuhad is the largest art museum in the north of the country.[568]
Israel has the highest number of museums per capita in the world.[569] Several Israeli museums are devoted to Islamic culture, including the Rockefeller Museum and the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, both in Jerusalem. The Rockefeller specializes in archaeological remains from the Ottoman and other periods of Middle East history. It is also the home of the first hominid fossil skull found in Western Asia called Galilee Man.[570] A cast of the skull is on display at the Israel Museum.[571]
Cuisine
Main article: Israeli cuisine




A meal including falafel, hummus, French fries and Israeli salad


Israeli cuisine includes local dishes as well as Jewish cuisine brought to the country by immigrants from the diaspora. Since the establishment of the state in 1948, and particularly since the late 1970s, an Israeli fusion cuisine has developed.[572] Israeli cuisine has adopted, and continues to adapt, elements of the Mizrahi, Sephardi, and Ashkenazi styles of cooking. It incorporates many foods traditionally eaten in the Levantine, Arab, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines, such as falafel, hummus, shakshouka, couscous, and za'atar. Schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, French fries, rice and salad are also common in Israel.[citation needed]
Roughly half of the Israeli-Jewish population attests to keeping kosher at home.[573][574] Kosher restaurants, though rare in the 1960s, make up around 25% of the total as of 2015[update], perhaps reflecting the largely secular values of those who dine out.[572] Hotel restaurants are much more likely to serve kosher food.[572] The non-kosher retail market was traditionally sparse, but grew rapidly and considerably following the influx of immigrants from the post-Soviet states during the 1990s.[575] Together with non-kosher fish, rabbits and ostriches, pork—often called "white meat" in Israel[575]—is produced and consumed, though it is forbidden by both Judaism and Islam.[576]
Sports
Main article: Sport in Israel




Teddy Stadium of Jerusalem


The most popular spectator sports in Israel are association football and basketball.[577] The Israeli Premier League is the country's premier football league, and the Israeli Basketball Premier League is the premier basketball league.[578] Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Beitar Jerusalem are the largest football clubs. Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Tel Aviv have competed in the UEFA Champions League and Hapoel Tel Aviv reached the UEFA Cup quarter-finals. Israel hosted and won the 1964 AFC Asian Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup, the only time it participated in the World Cup. The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games and since then has not competed in Asian sport events.[579] In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and its soccer teams now compete in Europe.[citation needed] Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. has won the European championship in basketball six times.[580] In 2016, the country was chosen as a host for the EuroBasket 2017.




Boris Gelfand, chess Grandmaster


Chess is a leading sport in Israel and is enjoyed by people of all ages. There are many Israeli grandmasters and Israeli chess players have won a number of youth world championships.[581] Israel stages an annual international championship and hosted the World Team Chess Championship in 2005. The Ministry of Education and the World Chess Federation agreed upon a project of teaching chess within Israeli schools, and it has been introduced into the curriculum of some schools.[582] The city of Beersheba has become a national chess center, with the game being taught in the city's kindergartens. Owing partly to Soviet immigration, it is home to the largest number of chess grandmasters of any city in the world.[583][584] The Israeli chess team won the silver medal at the 2008 Chess Olympiad[585] and the bronze, coming in third among 148 teams, at the 2010 Olympiad. Israeli grandmaster Boris Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009[586] and the 2011 Candidates Tournament for the right to challenge the world champion. He only lost the World Chess Championship 2012 to reigning world champion Anand after a speed-chess tie breaker.
Israel has won nine Olympic medals since its first win in 1992, including a gold medal in windsurfing at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[587] Israel has won over 100 gold medals in the Paralympic Games and is ranked 20th in the all-time medal count. The 1968 Summer Paralympics were hosted by Israel.[588] The Maccabiah Games, an Olympic-style event for Jewish and Israeli athletes, was inaugurated in the 1930s, and has been held every four years since then. Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe'er ranked 11th in the world on 31 January 2011.[589] Krav Maga, a martial art developed by Jewish ghetto defenders during the struggle against fascism in Europe, is used by the Israeli security forces and police. Its effectiveness and practical approach to self-defense, have won it widespread admiration and adherence around the world.[590]
See also


Israel portal



Index of Israel-related articles
Outline of Israel
 Israel – Wikipedia book


Notes



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.
^ a b The majority of the international community (including the UN General Assembly, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the International Criminal Court, and the vast majority of human rights organizations) considers Israel to be occupying Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Gaza is still considered to be "occupied" by the United Nations, international human rights organisations, and the majority of governments and legal commentators, despite the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, due to various forms of ongoing military and economic control.[22]
The government of Israel and some supporters have, at times, disputed this position of the international community. For more details of this terminology dispute, including with respect to the current status of the Gaza Strip, see International views on the Israeli-occupied territories and Status of territories captured by Israel.
For an explanation of the differences between an annexed but disputed territory (e.g., Tibet) and a militarily occupied territory, please see the article Military occupation.
^ (פלשתינה (א״י in Hebrew (translation: Palestine (Eretz Israel))



References


^ a b c "Latest Population Statistics for Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. January 2017. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ a b "Home page". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ Population Census 2008 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2008. Retrieved 27 December 2016. 
^ a b "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects". International Monetary Fund. April 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 18 February 2016. 
^ a b Human Development Index and its components (Report). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Palestinian Territories". State.gov. 22 April 2008. Retrieved 26 December 2012. 
^ Skolnik 2007, pp. 132–232
^ "GaWC – The World According to GaWC 2008". Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Retrieved 1 March 2009. 
^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ a b "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ a b "Resolution 181 (II). Future government of Palestine". United Nations. 29 November 1947. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. p. 75. Retrieved 24 July 2013. " p. 75 The night of 29–30 November passed in the Yishuv’s settlements in noisy public rejoicing. Most had sat glued to their radio sets broadcasting live from Flushing Meadow. A collective cry of joy went up when the two-thirds mark was achieved: a state had been sanctioned by the international community. ; p. 396 The immediate trigger of the 1948 War was the November 1947 UN partition resolution. The Zionist movement, except for its fringes, accepted the proposal.” 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. pp. 66, 67, 72. Retrieved 24 July 2013. p.66, at 1946 "The League demanded independence for Palestine as a "unitary" state, with an Arab majority and minority rights for the Jews." ; p.67, at 1947 "The League's Political Committee met in Sofar, Lebanon, on 16–19 September, and urged the Palestine Arabs to fight partition, which it called "aggression," "without mercy." The League promised them, in line with Bludan, assistance "in manpower, money and equipment" should the United Nations endorse partition." ; p. 72, at Dec 1947 "The League vowed, in very general language, "to try to stymie the partition plan and prevent the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine 
^ a b "Declaration of Establishment of State of Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 14 May 1948. Archived from the original on 17 March 2017. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Gilbert 2005, p. 1
^ "The status of Jerusalem" (PDF). The Question of Palestine & the United Nations. United Nations Department of Public Information. East Jerusalem has been considered, by both the General Assembly and the Security Council, as part of the occupied Palestinian territory. 
^ "Analysis: Kadima's big plans". BBC News. 29 March 2006. Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ Kessner, BC (2 April 2006). "Israel's Hard-Learned Lessons". Homeland Security Today. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ Kumaraswamy, P. R. (5 June 2002). "The Legacy of Undefined Borders". Tel Aviv Notes. Retrieved 25 March 2013. 
^ Sanger, Andrew (2011). M.N. Schmitt; Louise Arimatsu; Tim McCormack, eds. "The Contemporary Law of Blockade and the Gaza Freedom Flotilla". Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 2010. Springer Science & Business Media. 13: 429. ISBN 9789067048118. doi:10.1007/978-90-6704-811-8_14. Israel claims it no longer occupies the Gaza Strip, maintaining that it is neither a Stale nor a territory occupied or controlled by Israel, but rather it has 'sui generis' status. Pursuant to the Disengagement Plan, Israel dismantled all military institutions and settlements in Gaza and there is no longer a permanent Israeli military or civilian presence in the territory. However the Plan also provided that Israel will guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the Gaza Strip, will continue to maintain exclusive authority in Gaza air space, and will continue to exercise security activity in the sea off the coast of the Gaza Strip as well as maintaining an Israeli military presence on the Egyptian-Gaza border. and reserving the right to reenter Gaza at will.
Israel continues to control six of Gaza's seven land crossings, its maritime borders and airspace and the movement of goods and persons in and out of the territory. Egypt controls one of Gaza's land crossings. Troops from the Israeli Defence Force regularly enter pans of the territory and/or deploy missile attacks, drones and sonic bombs into Gaza. Israel has declared a no-go buffer zone that stretches deep into Gaza: if Gazans enter this zone they are shot on sight. Gaza is also dependent on israel for inter alia electricity, currency, telephone networks, issuing IDs, and permits to enter and leave the territory. Israel also has sole control of the Palestinian Population Registry through which the Israeli Army regulates who is classified as a Palestinian and who is a Gazan or West Banker. Since 2000 aside from a limited number of exceptions Israel has refused to add people to the Palestinian Population Registry.
It is this direct external control over Gaza and indirect control over life within Gaza that has led the United Nations, the UN General Assembly, the UN Fact Finding Mission to Gaza, International human rights organisations, US Government websites, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a significant number of legal commentators, to reject the argument that Gaza is no longer occupied. 
* Scobbie, Iain (2012). Elizabeth Wilmshurst, ed. International Law and the Classification of Conflicts. Oxford University Press. p. 295. ISBN 9780199657759. Even after the accession to power of Hamas, Israel's claim that it no longer occupies Gaza has not been accepted by UN bodies, most States, nor the majority of academic commentators because of its exclusive control of its border with Gaza and crossing points including the effective control it exerted over the Rafah crossing until at least May 2011, its control of Gaza's maritime zones and airspace which constitute what Aronson terms the 'security envelope' around Gaza, as well as its ability to intervene forcibly at will in Gaza. 
* Gawerc, Michelle (2012). Prefiguring Peace: Israeli-Palestinian Peacebuilding Partnerships. Lexington Books. p. 44. ISBN 9780739166109. While Israel withdrew from the immediate territory, Israel still controlled all access to and from Gaza through the border crossings, as well as through the coastline and the airspace. ln addition, Gaza was dependent upon Israel for water electricity sewage communication networks and for its trade (Gisha 2007. Dowty 2008). ln other words, while Israel maintained that its occupation of Gaza ended with its unilateral disengagement Palestinians – as well as many human right organizations and international bodies – argued that Gaza was by all intents and purposes still occupied. 
^ See for example:
* Hajjar, Lisa (2005). Courting Conflict: The Israeli Military Court System in the West Bank and Gaza. University of California Press. p. 96. ISBN 0520241940. The Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza is the longest military occupation in modern times. 
* Anderson, Perry (July–August 2001). "Editorial: Scurrying Towards Bethlehem". New Left Review. 10. ...longest official military occupation of modern history—currently entering its thirty-fifth year 
* Makdisi, Saree (2010). Palestine Inside Out: An Everyday Occupation. W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 9780393338447. ...longest-lasting military occupation of the modern age 
* Kretzmer, David (Spring 2012). "The law of belligerent occupation in the Supreme Court of Israel" (PDF). International Review of the Red Cross. 94 (885): 207–236. doi:10.1017/S1816383112000446. This is probably the longest occupation in modern international relations, and it holds a central place in all literature on the law of belligerent occupation since the early 1970s 
* Alexandrowicz, Ra'anan (24 January 2012), The Justice of Occupation, The New York Times, Israel is the only modern state that has held territories under military occupation for over four decades 
* Weill, Sharon (2014). The Role of National Courts in Applying International Humanitarian Law. Oxford University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9780199685424. Although the basic philosophy behind the law of military occupation is that it is a temporary situation modem occupations have well demonstrated that rien ne dure comme le provisoire A significant number of post-1945 occupations have lasted more than two decades such as the occupations of Namibia by South Africa and of East Timor by Indonesia as well as the ongoing occupations of Northern Cyprus by Turkey and of Western Sahara by Morocco. The Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, which is the longest in all occupation's history has already entered its fifth decade. 
^ a b Adriana Kemp, "Labour migration and racialisation: labour market mechanisms and labour migration control policies in Israel", Social Identities 10:2, 267–292, 2004
^ "Israel". Freedom in the World. Freedom House. 2008. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Augustus Richard Norton (2001). Civil society in the Middle East. 2 (2001). BRILL. p. 193. ISBN 90-04-10469-0. 
^ Rummel 1997, p. 257. "A current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ..."
^ "Global Survey 2006: Middle East Progress Amid Global Gains in Freedom". Freedom House. 19 December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ a b "Israel's accession to the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ a b Education at a Glance: Israel (Report). Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 15 September 2016. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "WHO: Life expectancy in Israel among highest in the world". Haaretz. 24 May 2009. 
^ "Popular Opinion". The Palestine Post. Jerusalem. 7 December 1947. p. 1. 
^ "On the Move". Time. New York. 31 May 1948. Archived from the original on 16 October 2007. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ Levine, Robert A. (7 November 2000). "See Israel as a Jewish Nation-State, More or Less Democratic". The New York Times. Retrieved 19 January 2011. 
^ William G. Dever, Did God Have a Wife?: Archaeology and Folk Religion in Ancient Israel, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 2005 p.186.
^ Geoffrey W. Bromiley, 'Israel,' in International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: E-J,Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1995 p.907.
^ R. L. Ottley, The Religion of Israel: A Historical Sketch, Cambridge University Press, 2013 pp.31–2 note 5.
^ Wells, John C. (1990). Longman pronunciation dictionary. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 381. ISBN 0-582-05383-8.  entry "Jacob".
^ "And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." (Genesis, 32:28, 35:10). See also Hosea 12:5.
^ Exodus 12:40–41
^ Exodus 6:16–20
^ Barton & Bowden 2004, p. 126. "The Merneptah Stele ... is arguably the oldest evidence outside the Bible for the existence of Israel as early as the 13th century BCE."
^ Noah Rayman (29 September 2014). "Mandatory Palestine: What It Was and Why It Matters". TIME. Retrieved 5 December 2015. 
^ Tchernov, Eitan (1988). "The Age of 'Ubeidiya Formation (Jordan Valley, Israel) and the Earliest Hominids in the Levant". Paléorient. 14 (2): 63–65. doi:10.3406/paleo.1988.4455. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Rincon, Paul (14 October 2015). "Fossil teeth place humans in Asia '20,000 years early'". BBC News. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Bar-Yosef, Ofer (7 December 1998). "The Natuﬁan Culture in the Levant, Threshold to the Origins of Agriculture" (PDF). Evolutionary Anthropology. 6 (5): 159–177. doi:10.1002/(SICI)1520-6505(1998)6:5<159::AID-EVAN4>3.0.CO;2-7. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ a b c d Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible unearthed : archaeology's new vision of ancient Israel and the origin of its stories (1st Touchstone ed. ed.). New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-86912-8. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ Dever, William (2001). What Did the Biblical Writers Know, and When Did They Know It?. Eerdmans. pp. 98–99. ISBN 3-927120-37-5. After a century of exhaustive investigation, all respectable archaeologists have given up hope of recovering any context that would make Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob credible "historical figures" [...] archaeological investigation of Moses and the Exodus has similarly been discarded as a fruitless pursuit. 
^ Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson (1986). A History of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. ISBN 0-664-21262-X. 
^ Lehman in Vaughn 1992, pp. 156–62.[full citation needed]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 70.
^ Miller 2012, p. 98.
^ McNutt 1999, p. 72.
^ Miller 2012, p. 99.
^ Miller 2012, p. 105.
^ Tubb, 1998. pp. 13–14
^ Mark Smith in "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" states "Despite the long regnant model that the Canaanites and Israelites were people of fundamentally different culture, archaeological data now casts doubt on this view. The material culture of the region exhibits numerous common points between Israelites and Canaanites in the Iron I period (c. 1200–1000 BCE). The record would suggest that the Israelite culture largely overlapped with and derived from Canaanite culture... In short, Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature. Given the information available, one cannot maintain a radical cultural separation between Canaanites and Israelites for the Iron I period." (pp. 6–7). Smith, Mark (2002) "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" (Eerdman's)
^ Rendsberg, Gary (2008). "Israel without the Bible". In Frederick E. Greenspahn. The Hebrew Bible: New Insights and Scholarship. NYU Press, pp. 3–5
^ Gnuse 1997, pp.28,31[title missing]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 35.
^ Bloch-Smith, Elizabeth (2003). "Israelite Ethnicity in Iron I: Archaeology Preserves What Is Remembered and What Is Forgotten in Israel's History". Journal of Biblical Literature. 122 (3): 401–425. ISSN 0021-9231. JSTOR 3268384. doi:10.2307/3268384. Retrieved 2017-07-16. 
^ Lipschits, Oded (2014). "The History of Israel in the Biblical Period". In Berlin, Adele; Brettler, Marc Zvi. The Jewish Study Bible (2nd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199978465. 
^ a b Kuhrt, Amiele (1995). The Ancient Near East. Routledge. p. 438. ISBN 978-0415167628. 
^ a b Wright, Jacob L. (July 2014). "David, King of Judah (Not Israel)". The Bible and Interpretation. 
^ K. L. Noll, Canaan and Israel in Antiquity: A Textbook on History and Religion, A&C Black, 2012, rev.ed. pp.137ff.
^ Thomas L. Thompson, Early History of the Israelite People: From the Written & Archaeological Sources, BRILL, 2000 pp. 275–76: 'They are rather a very specific group among the population of Palestine which bears a name that occurs here for the first time that at a much later stage in Palestine's history bears a substantially different signification.'
^ The personal name "Israel" appears much earlier, in material from Ebla. Hasel, Michael G. (1994-01-01). "Israel in the Merneptah Stela". Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research (296): 45–61. JSTOR 1357179. doi:10.2307/1357179. ; Bertman, Stephen (2005-07-14). Handbook to Life in Ancient Mesopotamia. OUP USA. ISBN 9780195183641.  and Meindert Dijkstra (2010). "Origins of Israel between history and ideology". In Becking, Bob; Grabbe, Lester. Between Evidence and Ideology Essays on the History of Ancient Israel read at the Joint Meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and the Oud Testamentisch Werkgezelschap Lincoln, July 2009. Brill. p. 47. ISBN 9789004187375. As a West Semitic personal name it existed long before it became a tribal or a geographical name. This is not without significance, though is it rarely mentioned. We learn of a maryanu named ysr"il (*Yi¡sr—a"ilu) from Ugarit living in the same period, but the name was already used a thousand years before in Ebla. The word Israel originated as a West Semitic personal name. One of the many names that developed into the name of the ancestor of a clan, of a tribe and finally of a people and a nation. 
^ Jonathan M Golden,Ancient Canaan and Israel: An Introduction, OUP USA, 2009 pp. 3–4.
^ Lemche, Niels Peter (1998). The Israelites in History and Tradition. Westminster John Knox Press. p. 35. ISBN 9780664227272. 
^ The Pitcher Is Broken: Memorial Essays for Gosta W. Ahlstrom, Steven W. Holloway, Lowell K. Handy, Continuum, 1 May 1995 Quote: "For Israel, the description of the battle of Qarqar in the Kurkh Monolith of Shalmaneser III (mid-ninth century) and for Judah, a Tiglath-pileser III text mentioning (Jeho-) Ahaz of Judah (IIR67 = K. 3751), dated 734-733, are the earliest published to date."
^ Broshi, Maguen (2001). Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls. Bloomsbury Publishing. p. 174. ISBN 1-84127-201-9. 
^ "British Museum – Cuneiform tablet with part of the Babylonian Chronicle (605–594 BCE)". Archived from the original on 30 October 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ See http://www.livius.org/cg-cm/chronicles/abc5/jerusalem.html reverse side, line 12.
^ a b "Second Temple Period (538 BCE. to 70 CE) Persian Rule". Biu.ac.il. Retrieved 2014-03-15. 
^ Harper's Bible Dictionary, ed. by Achtemeier, etc., Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1985, p.103
^ Cite error: The named reference Grabbe355 was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
^ Oppenheimer, A'haron and Oppenheimer, Nili. Between Rome and Babylon: Studies in Jewish Leadership and Society. Mohr Siebeck, 2005, p. 2.
^ Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (1996). Atlas of Jewish History. Routledge. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-415-08800-8. 
^ Lehmann, Clayton Miles (18 January 2007). "Palestine". Encyclopedia of the Roman Provinces. University of South Dakota. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ Morçöl 2006, p. 304
^ Judaism in late antiquity, Jacob Neusner, Bertold Spuler, Hady R Idris, BRILL, 2001, p. 155
^ Gil, Moshe (1997). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-59984-9. 
^ Allan D. Cooper (2009). The geography of genocide. University Press of America. p. 132. ISBN 978-0-7618-4097-8. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Carmel, Alex. The History of Haifa Under Turkish Rule. Haifa: Pardes, 2002 (ISBN 965-7171-05-9), pp. 16–17
^ Moshe Gil (1992). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. p. 829. ISBN 9780521404372. Retrieved 17 May 2015. Haifa was taken [...] in August 1100 or June 1101, according to Muslim sources which contradict one another. Albert of Aachen does not mention the date in a clear manner either. From what he says, it appears that it was mainly the Jewish inhabitants of the city who defended the fortress of Haifa. In his rather strange Latin style, he mentions that there was a Jewish population in Haifa, and that they fought bravely within the walls of the city. He explains that the Jews there were protected people of the Muslims (the Fatimids). They fought side by side with units of the Fatimid army, striking back at Tancred's army from above the walls of the citadel (... Judaei civis comixtis Sarracenorum turmis) until the Crusaders overcame them and they were forced to abandon the walls. The Muslims and the Jews then managed to escape from the fortress with their lives, while the rest of the population fled the city en masse. Whoever remained was slaughtered, and huge quantities of spoils were taken. [...] [Note #3: Albert of Aachen (Albericus, Albertus Aquensis), Historia Hierosolymitanae Expeditionis, in: RHC (Occ.), IV. p. 523; etc.] 
^ Irven M. Resnick (1 June 2012). Marks of Distinctions: Christian Perceptions of Jews in the High Middle Ages. CUA Press. pp. 48–49. ISBN 978-0-8132-1969-1. citizens of the Jewish race, who lived in the city by the favour and consent of the king of Egypt in return for payment of tribute, got on the walls bearing arms and put up a very stubborn defence, until the Christians, weighed down by various blows over the period of two weeks, absolutely despaired and held back their hands from any attack. [...] the Jewish citizens, mixed with Saracen troops, at once fought back manfully,... and counter-attacked. [Albert of Aachen, Historia Ierosolimitana 7.23, ed. and transl. Susan B. Edgington (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2007), 516 and 521.] 
^ Joshua Prawer. The Jews of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. pp. 34–40. 
^ The Abuhav Synagogue, Jewish Virtual Library.
^ Sefer HaCharedim Mitzvat Tshuva Chapter 3. Maimonides established a yearly holiday for himself and his sons, 6 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he went up to pray on the Temple Mount, and another, 9 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he merited to pray at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron.
^ Abraham P. Bloch (1987). "Sultan Saladin Opens Jerusalem to Jews". One a day: an anthology of Jewish historical anniversaries for every day of the year. KTAV Publishing House, Inc. p. 277. ISBN 978-0-88125-108-1. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Benzion Dinur (1974). "From Bar Kochba's Revolt to the Turkish Conquest". In David Ben-Gurion. The Jews in their Land. Aldus Books. p. 217. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Geoffrey Hindley (28 February 2007). Saladin: hero of Islam. Pen & Sword Military. p. xiii. ISBN 978-1-84415-499-9. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Alex Carmel; Peter Schäfer; Yossi Ben-Artzi (1990). The Jewish settlement in Palestine, 634–1881. L. Reichert. p. 31. ISBN 978-3-88226-479-1. Retrieved 21 December 2011. 
^ Samson ben Abraham of Sens, Jewish Encyclopedia.
^ Moshe Lichtman (September 2006). Eretz Yisrael in the Parshah: The Centrality of the Land of Israel in the Torah. Devora Publishing. p. 302. ISBN 978-1-932687-70-5. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ a b Kramer, Gudrun (2008). A History of Palestine: From the Ottoman Conquest to the Founding of the State of Israel. Princeton University Press. p. 376. ISBN 978-0-691-11897-0. 
^ M. Sharon (2010). "Al Khalil". Encyclopedia of Islam, Second Edition. Koninklijke Brill NV. 
^ International Dictionary of Historic Places: Middle East and Africa by Trudy Ring, Robert M. Salkin, Sharon La Boda, pp. 336–339
^ Dan Bahat (1976). Twenty centuries of Jewish life in the Holy Land: the forgotten generations. Israel Economist. p. 48. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ Fannie Fern Andrews (February 1976). The Holy Land under mandate. Hyperion Press. p. 145. ISBN 978-0-88355-304-6. Retrieved 25 December 2011. 
^ "The Covenant of the League of Nations". Article 22. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Mandate for Palestine," Encyclopaedia Judaica, Vol. 11, p. 862, Keter Publishing House, Jerusalem, 1972
^ Rosenzweig 1997, p. 1 "Zionism, the urge of the Jewish people to return to Palestine, is almost as ancient as the Jewish diaspora itself. Some Talmudic statements ... Almost a millennium later, the poet and philosopher Yehuda Halevi ... In the 19th century ..."
^ a b Geoffrey Wigoder, G.G. (ed.). "Return to Zion". The New Encyclopedia of Judaism (via Answers.Com). The Jerusalem Publishing House. Retrieved 8 March 2010. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ "An invention called 'the Jewish people'". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 18 April 2010. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 2. "Jews sought a new homeland here after their expulsions from Spain (1492) ..."
^ Eisen, Yosef (2004). Miraculous journey: a complete history of the Jewish people from creation to the present. Targum Press. p. 700. ISBN 1-56871-323-1. 
^ Morgenstern, Arie (2006). Hastening redemption: Messianism and the resettlement of the land of Israel. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-19-530578-4. 
^ "Jewish and Non-Jewish Population of Palestine-Israel (1517–2004)". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ Barnai, Jacob (1992). The Jews in Palestine in the Eighteenth Century: Under the Patronage of the Istanbul committee of Officials for Palestine. University Alabama Press. p. 320. ISBN 978-0-8173-0572-7. 
^ a b c d "Immigration to Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2012.  The source provides information on the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Aliyot in their respective articles. The White Paper leading to Aliyah Bet is discussed "Aliyah During World War II and its Aftermath". 
^ Kornberg 1993 "How did Theodor Herzl, an assimilated German nationalist in the 1880s, suddenly in the 1890s become the founder of Zionism?"
^ Herzl 1946, p. 11
^ "Chapter One". The Jewish Agency for Israel1. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Stein 2003, p. 88. "As with the First Aliyah, most Second Aliyah migrants were non-Zionist orthodox Jews ..."
^ Romano 2003, p. 30
^ Macintyre, Donald (26 May 2005). "The birth of modern Israel: A scrap of paper that changed history". The Independent. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yapp, M.E. (1987). The Making of the Modern Near East 1792–1923. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 290. ISBN 0-582-49380-3. 
^ Schechtman, Joseph B. (2007). "Jewish Legion". Encyclopaedia Judaica. 11. Detroit: Macmillan Reference USA. p. 304. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ Scharfstein 1996, p. 269. "During the First and Second Aliyot, there were many Arab attacks against Jewish settlements ... In 1920, Hashomer was disbanded and Haganah ("The Defense") was established."
^ "League of Nations: The Mandate for Palestine, July 24, 1922". Modern History Sourcebook. Fordham University. 24 July 1922. Retrieved 27 August 2007. 
^ Shaw, J. V. W. (January 1991) [1946]. "Chapter VI: Population". A Survey of Palestine. Volume I: Prepared in December 1945 and January 1946 for the information of the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry (Reprint ed.). Washington, D.C.: Institute for Palestine Studies. p. 148. ISBN 978-0-88728-213-3. OCLC 22345421. Lay summary. 
^ "Report to the League of Nations on Palestine and Transjordan, 1937". British Government. 1937. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Walter Laqueur (2009-07-01). A History of Zionism: From the French Revolution to the Establishment of the State of Israel. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 9780307530851. Retrieved 2015-10-15. 
^ Hughes, M (2009). "The banality of brutality: British armed forces and the repression of the Arab Revolt in Palestine, 1936–39". English Historical Review. CXXIV (507): 314–354. doi:10.1093/ehr/cep002. 
^ Khalidi, Walid (1987). From Haven to Conquest: Readings in Zionism and the Palestine Problem Until 1948. Institute for Palestine Studies. ISBN 978-0-88728-155-6
^ "The Population of Palestine Prior to 1948". MidEastWeb. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Fraser 2004, p. 27
^ The Terrorism Ahead: Confronting Transnational Violence in the Twenty-First | By Paul J. Smith | M.E. Sharpe, 10 Sep 2007 | pg 27
^ Encyclopedia of Terrorism, Harvey W. Kushner, Sage, 2003 p.181
^ Encyclopædia Britannica article on the Irgun Zvai Leumi
^ The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. William Roger Louis, Oxford University Press, 1986, p. 430
^ a b c Clarke, Thurston. By Blood and Fire, G. P. Puttnam's Sons, New York, 1981
^ a b Bethell, Nicholas (1979). The Palestine Triangle. Andre Deutsch. 
^ Hoffman, Bruce (1999). Inside Terrorism. Columbia University Press. pp. 48–52. 
^ "A/RES/106 (S-1)". General Assembly resolution. United Nations. 15 May 1947. Archived from the original on 6 August 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "A/364". Special Committee on Palestine. United Nations. 3 September 1947. Archived from the original on 10 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Background Paper No. 47 (ST/DPI/SER.A/47)". United Nations. 20 April 1949. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 40–41
^ Gelber, Yoav (2006). Palestine 1948. Brighton: Sussex Academic Press. p. 17. ISBN 978-1-902210-67-4. 
^ Morris, 2008, p. 77-78
^ Tal, David (2003). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 471. ISBN 978-0-7146-5275-7. 
^ Morris, Benny (2008). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. New Haven, Conn.: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-15112-8. 
^ Clifford, Clark, "Counsel to the President: A Memoir", 1991, p. 20.
^ Jacobs, Frank (7 August 2012). "The Elephant in the Map Room". Borderlines. The New York Times. Retrieved 3 September 2012. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. p. 50. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1058
^ Morris, 2008, p. 205[title missing]
^ Rabinovich, Itamar; Reinharz, Jehuda (2007). Israel in the Middle East: Documents and Readings on Society, Politics, and Foreign Relations, Pre-1948 to the Present. Brandeis. p. 74. ISBN 978-0-87451-962-4. 
^ David Tal (24 June 2004). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 469. ISBN 978-1-135-77513-1. some of the Arab armies invaded Palestine in order to prevent the establishment of a Jewish state, Transjordan... 
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 396. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. The Arab war aim, in both stages of the hostilities, was, at a minimum, to abort the emergence of a Jewish state or to destroy it at inception. The Arab states hoped to accomplish this by conquering all or large parts of the territory allotted to the Jews by the United Nations. And some Arab leaders spoke of driving the Jews into the sea19 and ridding Palestine "of the Zionist plague."20 The struggle, as the Arabs saw it, was about the fate of Palestine/ the Land of Israel, all of it, not over this or that part of the country. But, in public, official Arab spokesmen often said that the aim of the May 1948 invasion was to "save" Palestine or "save the Palestinians," definitions more agreeable to Western ears.  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 187. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. A week before the armies marched, Azzam told Kirkbride: "It does not matter how many [ Jews] there are. We will sweep them into the sea." ... Ahmed Shukeiry, one of Haj Amin al-Husseini's aides (and, later, the founding chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization), simply described the aim as "the elimination of the Jewish state." ...al-Quwwatli told his people: "Our army has entered ... we shall win and we shall eradicate Zionism)  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 198. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. the Jews felt that the Arabs aimed to reenact the Holocaust and that they faced certain personal and collective slaughter should they lose  
^ "PDF copy of Cablegram from the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: S/745: 15 May 1948". Un.org. 9 September 2002. Archived from the original on 7 January 2014. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Morris, Benny. The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem Revisited. Cambridge University Press. p. 602. ISBN 978-0-521-00967-6. 
^ "Two Hundred and Seventh Plenary Meeting". The United Nations. 11 May 1949. Archived from the original on 12 September 2007. Retrieved 13 July 2007. 
^ William Roger Louis (1984). The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. Clarendon Press. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-19-822960-5. The transcript makes it clear that British policy acted as a brake on Jordan." "King Abdullah was personally anxious to come to agreement with Israel", Kirkbride stated, and in fact it was our restraining influence which had so far prevented him from doing so." Knox Helm confirmed that the Israelis hoped to have a settlement with Jordan, and that they now genuinely wished to live peacefully within their frontiers, if only for economic reasons 
^ Lustick 1988, pp. 37–39
^ "Israel (Labor Zionism)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Kibbutz & Moshav: History & Overview". Jewish Virtual Library. Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 17 June 2014. 
^ Anita Shapira (1992). Land and Power. Stanford University Press. pp. 416, 419. 
^ Segev, Tom. 1949: The First Israelis. "The First Million". Trans. Arlen N. Weinstein. New York: The Free Press, 1986. Print. p 105-107
^ Shulewitz, Malka Hillel (2001). The Forgotten Millions: The Modern Jewish Exodus from Arab Lands. Continuum. ISBN 978-0-8264-4764-7. 
^ Laskier, Michael "Egyptian Jewry under the Nasser Regime, 1956–70" pages 573–619 from Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 31, Issue # 3, July 1995 page 579.
^ a b "Population, by Religion and Population Group" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 7 August 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell (2003). The Founding of the State of Israel. Greenhaven Press. p. 15. 
^ Hakohen, Devorah (2003). Immigrants in Turmoil: Mass Immigration to Israel and Its Repercussions in the 1950s and After. Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-2969-6. ; for ma'abarot population, see p. 269.
^ Clive Jones, Emma Murphy, Israel: Challenges to Identity, Democracy, and the State, Routledge 2002 p. 37: "Housing units earmarked for the Oriental Jews were often reallocated to European Jewish immigrants; Consigning Oriental Jews to the privations of ma'aborot (transit camps) for longer periods."
^ Segev 2007, pp. 155–157
^ Shindler 2002, pp. 49–50
^ Kameel B. Nasr (1 December 1996). Arab and Israeli Terrorism: The Causes and Effects of Political Violence, 1936–1993. McFarland. pp. 40–. ISBN 978-0-7864-3105-2. Fedayeen to attack...almost always against civilians 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 58
^ Isaac Alteras (1993). Eisenhower and Israel: U.S.-Israeli Relations, 1953–1960. University Press of Florida. pp. 192–. ISBN 978-0-8130-1205-6. the removal of the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. The blockade closed Israel's sea lane to East Africa and the Far East, hindering the development of Israel's southern port of Eilat and its hinterland, the Nege. Another important objective of the Israeli war plan was the elimination of the terrorist bases in the Gaza Strip, from which daily fedayeen incursions into Israel made life unbearable for its southern population. And last but not least, the concentration of the Egyptian forces in the Sinai Peninsula, armed with the newly acquired weapons from the Soviet bloc, prepared for an attack on Israel. Here, Ben-Gurion believed, was a time bomb that had to be defused before it was too late. Reaching the Suez Canal did not figure at all in Israel's war objectives.  
^ Dominic Joseph Caraccilo (January 2011). Beyond Guns and Steel: A War Termination Strategy. ABC-CLIO. pp. 113–. ISBN 978-0-313-39149-1. The escalation continued with the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran, and Nasser's nationalization of the Suez Canal in July 1956. On October 14, Nasser made clear his intent:"I am not solely fighting against Israel itself. My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad. Our hatred is very strong. There is no sense in talking about peace with Israel. There is not even the smallest place for negotiations." Less than two weeks later, on October 25, Egypt signed a tripartite agreement with Syria and Jordan placing Nasser in command of all three armies. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Gulf of Aqaba to Israeli shipping, combined with the increased fedayeen attacks and the bellicosity of recent Arab statements, prompted Israel, with the backing of Britain and France, to attack Egypt on October 29, 1956. 
^ Alan Dowty (20 June 2005). Israel/Palestine. Polity. pp. 102–. ISBN 978-0-7456-3202-5. Gamal Abdel Nasser, who declared in one speech that "Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death."...The level of violence against Israelis, soldiers and civilians alike, seemed to be rising inexorably. 
^ "The Jewish Virtual Library, The Sinai-Suez Campaign: Background & Overview". In 1955, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser began to import arms from the Soviet Bloc to build his arsenal for the confrontation with Israel. In the short-term, however, he employed a new tactic to prosecute Egypt's war with Israel. He announced it on August 31, 1955: Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death. These "heroes" were Arab terrorists, or fedayeen, trained and equipped by Egyptian Intelligence to engage in hostile action on the border and infiltrate Israel to commit acts of sabotage and murder. 
^ Schoenherr, Steven (15 December 2005). "The Suez Crisis". Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ Gorst, Anthony; Johnman, Lewis (1997). The Suez Crisis. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-11449-3. 
^ Benny Morris (25 May 2011). Righteous Victims: A History of the Zionist-Arab Conflict, 1881–1998. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. pp. 300, 301. ISBN 978-0-307-78805-4. (p. 300) In exchange (for Israeli withdrawal) the United states had indirectly promised to guarantee Israel's right of passage through the straits (to the Red sea) and its right to self defense if the Egyptian closed them....(p 301) The 1956 war resulted in a significant reduction of...Israeli border tension. Egypt refrained from reactivating the Fedaeen, and...Egypt and Jordan made great effort to curb infiltration 
^ "National insurance institute of Israel, Hostile Action Casualties" (in Hebrew). list of people who were kiled in hostile action: 53 In 1956, 19 in 1957, 15 in 1958 
^ "jewish virtual library, Terrorism Against Israel: Number of Fatalities". 53 at 1956, 19 at 1957, 15 at 1958 
^ "Jewish virtual library, MYTH "Israel's military strike in 1956 was unprovoked."". Israeli Ambassador to the UN Abba Eban explained ... As a result of these actions of Egyptian hostility within Israel, 364 Israelis were wounded and 101 killed. In 1956 alone, as a result of this aspect of Egyptian aggression, 28 Israelis were killed and 127 wounded. 
^ "Adolf Eichmann". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 18 September 2007. 
^ Cole 2003, p. 27. "... the Eichmann trial, which did so much to raise public awareness of the Holocaust ..."
^ Shlomo Shpiro (2006). "No place to hide: Intelligence and civil liberties in Israel". Cambridge Review of International Affairs. 19 (44): 629–648. doi:10.1080/09557570601003361. 
^ "The Politics of Miscalculation in the Middle East", by Richard B. Parker (1993 Indiana University Press) pp. 38
^ Maoz, Moshe (1995). Syria and Israel: From War to Peacemaking. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 70. ISBN 978-0-19-828018-7. 
^ "On This Day 5 Jun". BBC. 5 June 1967. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Segev 2007, p. 178
^ Gat, Moshe (2003). Britain and the Conflict in the Middle East, 1964–1967: The Coming of the Six-Day War. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 202. ISBN 0275975142. 
^ John Quigley, The Six-Day War and Israeli Self-Defense: Questioning the Legal Basis for Preventive War, Cambridge University Press, 2013, p. 32.
^ Samir A. Mutawi (18 July 2002). Jordan in the 1967 War. Cambridge University Press. p. 93. ISBN 978-0-521-52858-0. Although Eshkol denounced the Egyptians, his response to this development was a model of moderation. His speech on 21 May demanded that Nasser withdraw his forces from Sinai but made no mention of the removal of UNEF from the Straits nor of what Israel would do if they were closed to Israeli shipping. The next day Nasser announced to an astonished world that henceforth the Straits were, indeed, closed to all Israeli ships 
^ Segev 2007, p. 289
^ Smith 2006, p. 126. "Nasser, the Egyptian president, decided to mass troops in the Sinai ... casus belli by Israel."
^ Bennet, James (13 March 2005). "The Interregnum". The New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Palestinian National Covenant- July 1968". Mfa.gov.il. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Silke, Andrew (2004). Research on Terrorism: Trends, Achievements and Failures. Routledge. p. 149 (256 pages). ISBN 978-0-7146-8273-0. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Martin (2002). The Routledge Atlas of the Arab–Israeli Conflict: The Complete History of the Struggle and the Efforts to Resolve It. Routledge. p. 82. ISBN 978-0-415-28116-4. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Andrews, Edmund; Kifner, John (27 January 2008). "George Habash, Palestinian Terrorism Tactician, Dies at 82". The New York Times. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "1973: Arab states attack Israeli forces". On This Day. The BBC. 6 October 1973. Retrieved 15 July 2007. 
^ "Agranat Commission". Knesset. 2008. Retrieved 8 April 2010. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 169–170 "In hindsight we can say that 1977 was a turning point ..."
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 171–174
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186–187
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 356. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ Lustick, Ian (1997). "Has Israel Annexed East Jerusalem?" (PDF). Middle East Policy. Washington, D.C.: Wiley-Blackwell. V (1): 34–45. ISSN 1061-1924. OCLC 4651987544. doi:10.1111/j.1475-4967.1997.tb00247.x. Retrieved 1 June 2013. 
^ See for example UN General Assembly resolution 63/30, passed 163 for, 6 against "Resolution adopted by the General Assembly". 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. 
^ "Golan Heights profile". BBC News. 27 November 2015. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ Friedberg, Rachel M. (November 2001). "The Impact of Mass Migration on the Israeli Labor Market" (PDF). The Quarterly Journal of Economics. 116 (4): 1373–1408. doi:10.1162/003355301753265606. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 199
^ Tessler, Mark A. (1994). A History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Indiana University Press. p. 677. ISBN 978-0-253-20873-6. 
^ Stone & Zenner 1994, p. 246. "Toward the end of 1991 ... were the result of internal Palestinian terror."
^ Haberman, Clyde (9 December 1991). "After 4 Years, Intifada Still Smolders". The New York Times. Retrieved 28 March 2008. 
^ Mowlana, Gerbner & Schiller 1992, p. 111
^ Bregman 2002, p. 236
^ "From the End of the Cold War to 2001". Boston College. Archived from the original on 27 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The Oslo Accords, 1993". U.S. Department of State. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ "Israel-PLO Recognition – Exchange of Letters between PM Rabin and Chairman Arafat – Sept 9- 1993". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ Harkavy & Neuman 2001, p. 270. "Even though Jordan in 1994 became the second country, after Egypt to sign a peace treaty with Israel ..."
^ "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991–2003". Settlements information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kurtzer, Daniel; Lasensky, Scott (2008). Negotiating Arab-Israeli peace: American leadership in the Middle East. United States Institute of Peace Press. p. 44. ISBN 978-1-60127-030-6. 
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 494. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ "Israel marks Rabin assassination". BBC News. 12 November 2005. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 257
^ "The Wye River Memorandum". U.S. Department of State. 23 October 1998. Archived from the original on 24 December 1999. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ Gelvin 2005, p. 240
^ Gross, Tom (16 January 2014). "The big myth: that he caused the Second Intifada". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Hong, Nicole (23 February 2015). "Jury Finds Palestinian Authority, PLO Liable for Terrorist Attacks in Israel a Decade Ago". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Ain, Stewart (20 December 2000). "PA: Intifada Was Planned". The Jewish Week. Archived from the original on 13 October 2007. 
^ Samuels, David (1 September 2005). "In a Ruined Country". The Atlantic. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "West Bank barrier route disputed, Israeli missile kills 2". USA Today. 29 July 2004. Archived from the original on 20 October 2012. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ Harel, Amos; Issacharoff, Avi (1 October 2010). "Years of rage". Haaretz. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ King, Laura (28 September 2004). "Losing Faith in the Intifada". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Diehl, Jackson (27 September 2004). "From Jenin To Fallujah?". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Amidror, Yaakov. "Winning Counterinsurgency War: The Israeli Experience" (PDF). Strategic Perspectives. Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Pipes, Daniel (14 September 2008). "Must Counterinsurgency Wars Fail?". The Washington Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Frisch, Hillel (12 January 2009). "The Need for a Decisive Israeli Victory Over Hamas". Perspectives Papers on Current Affairs. Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies. Archived from the original on 14 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Buchris, Ofek (9 March 2006). "The "Defensive Shield" Operation as a Turning Point in Israel's National Security Strategy" (PDF). Strategy Research Project. United States Army War College. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Krauthammer, Charles (18 June 2004). "Israel's Intifada Victory". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Plocker, Sever (22 June 2008). "2nd Intifada forgotten". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Ya'alon, Moshe (January 2007). "Lessons from the Palestinian 'War' against Israel" (PDF). Policy Focus. Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Hendel, Yoaz (20 September 2010). "Letting the IDF win". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Zvi Shtauber; Yiftah Shapir (2006). The Middle East strategic balance, 2004–2005. Sussex Academic Press. p. 7. ISBN 978-1-84519-108-5. Retrieved 12 February 2012. 
^ https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Terrorism/victims.html#2000; The Psychology of Strategic Terrorism: Public and Government Responses to Attack, Shepherd, Ben, p. 172
^ "Fatalities before Operation "Cast Lead"". B'Tselem. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "Security Council Calls for End to Hostilities between Hizbollah, Israel, Unanimously Adopting Resolution 1701 (2006)". United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701. 11 August 2006. 
Escalation of hostilities in Lebanon and in Israel since Hizbollah's attack on Israel on 12 July 2006
^ Harel, Amos (13 July 2006). "Hezbollah kills 8 soldiers, kidnaps two in offensive on northern border". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Koutsoukis, Jason (5 January 2009). "Battleground Gaza: Israeli ground forces invade the strip". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 5 January 2009. 
^ Ravid, Barak (18 January 2009). "IDF begins Gaza troop withdrawal, hours after ending 3-week offensive". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Azoulay, Yuval (1 January 2009). "Two IDF soldiers, civilian lightly hurt as Gaza mortars hit Negev". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Lappin, Yaakov; Lazaroff, Tovah (12 November 2012). "Gaza groups pound Israel with over 100 rockets". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ Stephanie Nebehay (20 November 2012). "UN rights boss, Red Cross urge Israel, Hamas to spare civilians". Reuters. Retrieved 20 November 2012. ; al-Mughrabi, Nidal (24 November 2012). "Hamas leader defiant as Israel eases Gaza curbs". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2013. ; "Israeli air strike kills top Hamas commander Jabari". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 14 November 2012. 
^ "Israel and Hamas Trade Attacks as Tension Rises". The New York Times. 8 July 2014. 
^ Cohen, Gili (9 January 2012). "Israel Navy to devote majority of missile boats to secure offshore drilling rafts". Haaretz. 
^ "Area of Districts, Sub-Districts, Natural Regions and Lakes". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 11 September 2012. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel (Geography)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. 7 May 2009. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Coastal Plain". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ "The Living Dead Sea". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 April 1999. ISBN 0-8264-0406-5. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ Makhteshim Country. UNESCO. ISBN 954-642-135-9. Retrieved 19 September 2007. 
^ Jacobs 1998, p. 284. "The extraordinary Makhtesh Ramon – the largest natural crater in the world ..." "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2 April 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "Makhtesh Ramon". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ Rinat, Zafrir (29 May 2008). "More endangered than rain forests?". Haaretz. Tel Aviv. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ferry M.; Meghraoui M.; Karaki A.A.; Al-Taj M.; Amoush H.; Al-Dhaisat S.; Barjous M. (2008). "A 48-kyr-long slip rate history for the Jordan Valley segment of the Dead Sea Fault". Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 260 (3–4): 394–406. Bibcode:2007E&PSL.260..394F. doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2007.05.049. 
^ a b American Friends of the Tel Aviv University, Earthquake Experts at Tel Aviv University Turn to History for Guidance (October 4, 2007). Quote: The major ones were recorded along the Jordan Valley in the years 31 B.C.E., 363 C.E., 749 C.E., and 1033 C.E. "So roughly, we are talking about an interval of every 400 years. If we follow the patterns of nature, a major quake should be expected any time because almost a whole millennium has passed since the last strong earthquake of 1033." (Tel Aviv University Associate Professor Dr. Shmuel (Shmulik) Marco). [1]
^ a b Zafrir Renat, Israel Is Due, and Ill Prepared, for Major Earthquake, Haaretz, 15 January 2010. "On average, a destructive earthquake takes place in Israel once every 80 years, causing serious casualties and damage." [2]
^ Watzman, Haim (8 February 1997). "Left for dead". New Scientist. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "WMO Region 6: Highest Temperature". World Meteorological Organization. Archived from the original on 16 April 2015. Retrieved 3 April 2009. 
^ Goldreich 2003, p. 85
^ "Average Weather for Tel Aviv-Yafo". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ "Average Weather for Jerusalem". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ Sitton, Dov (20 September 2003). "Development of Limited Water Resources- Historical and Technological Aspects". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 7 November 2007. 
^ a b Grossman, Gershon; Ayalon, Ofira; Baron, Yifaat; Kauffman, Debby. "Solar energy for the production of heat Summary and recommendations of the 4th assembly of the energy forum at SNI". Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Flora of Israel Online". Flora.huji.ac.il. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "National Parks and Nature Reserves, Israel". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 18 September 2012. 
^ "Population, by Religion". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "On Israel's 69th birthday, population reaches 8.68 million". Retrieved 17 July 2017. 
^ "Monthly Bulletin of Statistics". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ "ISRAEL: Crackdown on illegal migrants and visa violators". IRIN. 14 July 2009. 
^ "Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation". Reuters. 11 June 2012. 
^ "THE LAND: Urban Life". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ "The Law of Return". Knesset. Archived from the original on 27 November 2005. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2000) [2000]. Still Moving: Recent Jewish Migration in Comparative Perspective, Daniel J. Elazar and Morton Weinfeld eds., ed. 'The Global Context of Migration to Israel'. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers. pp. 13–60. ISBN 1-56000-428-2. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Herman, Pini (1 September 1983). "The Myth of the Israeli Expatriate". Moment Magazine. 8 (8): 62–63. 
^ Gould, Eric D.; Moav, Omer (2007). "Israel's Brain Drain". Israel Economic Review. Bank of Israel. 5 (1): 1–22. SSRN 2180400 . 
^ Rettig Gur, Haviv (6 April 2008). "Officials to US to bring Israelis home". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Jews, by Continent of Origin, Continent of Birth & Period of Immigration". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "From Sephardi to Mizrahi and Back Again: Changing Meanings of "Sephardi" in Its Social Environments". 
^ "The myth of the Mizrahim". The Guardian. London. 3 April 2009. 
^ Shields, Jacqueline. "Jewish Refugees from Arab Countries". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "Missing Mizrahim". 
^ Okun, Barbara S.; Khait-Marelly, Orna (2006). "Socioeconomic Status and Demographic Behavior of Adult Multiethnics: Jews in Israel" (PDF). Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 October 2013. Retrieved 26 May 2013. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2011). "Jewish Demographic Policies" (PDF). The Jewish People Policy Institute. 
^ "Israel (people)". Encyclopedia.com. 2007. 
^ Yoram Ettinger (5 April 2013). "Defying demographic projections". Israel Hayom. Retrieved 29 October 2013. 
^ a b c "Localities and Population, by Population Group, District, Sub-District and Natural Region". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ a b "Population of Jerusalem, by Age, Religion and Geographical Spreading, 2014" (PDF). The Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "Settlements in the Gaza Strip". Settlement Information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 12 December 2007. 
^ "Localities, Population and Density per Sq. Km., by Metropolitan Area and Selected Localities". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 19 January 2017. 
^ a b c "List of localities, in Alphabetical order" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 16 October 2016. 
^ Roberts 1990, p. 60 Although East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights have been brought directly under Israeli law, by acts that amount to annexation, both of these areas continue to be viewed by the international community as occupied, and their status as regards the applicability of international rules is in most respects identical to that of the West Bank and Gaza.
^ Israel Central Bureau of Statistics: The Ethiopian Community in Israel
^ "Israel may admit 3,000 Ethiopia migrants if Jews". Reuters. 16 July 2009. 
^ Meyer, Bill (17 August 2008). "Israel's welcome for Ethiopian Jews wears thin". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "Study: Soviet immigrants outperform Israeli students". Haaretz. 10 February 2008. 
^ "French radio station RFI makes aliyah". Ynetnews. 5 December 2011. 
^ Spolsky, Bernard (1999). Round Table on Language and Linguistics. Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press. pp. 169–70. ISBN 0-87840-132-6. In 1948, the newly independent state of Israel took over the old British regulations that had set English, Arabic, and Hebrew as official languages for Mandatory Palestine but, as mentioned, dropped English from the list. In spite of this, official language use has maintained a de facto role for English, after Hebrew but before Arabic. 
^ Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava (2004). "Part I: Language and Discourse". In Diskin Ravid, Dorit; Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava. Perspectives on Language and Development: Essays in Honor of Ruth A. Berman. Kluwer Academic Publishers. p. 90. ISBN 1-4020-7911-7. English is not considered official but it plays a dominant role in the educational and public life of Israeli society. ... It is the language most widely used in commerce, business, formal papers, academia, and public interactions, public signs, road directions, names of buildings, etc. English behaves 'as if' it were the second and official language in Israel. 
^ Shohamy, Elana (2006). Language Policy: Hidden Agendas and New Approaches. Routledge. pp. 72–73. ISBN 0-415-32864-0. In terms of English, there is no connection between the declared policies and statements and de facto practices. While English is not declared anywhere as an official language, the reality is that it has a very high and unique status in Israel. It is the main language of the academy, commerce, business, and the public space. 
^ "English programs at Israeli universities and colleges". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ Starr, Kelsey Jo; Masci, David (8 March 2016). "In Israel, Jews are united by homeland but divided into very different groups". Pew Research Center. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "At the edge of the abyss". Haaretz. 24 November 2009. 
^  McMahon, Arthur. L. (1913). "Holy Sepulchre". In Herbermann, Charles. Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company. 
^ Bassok, Moti (25 December 2006). "Israel's Christian population numbers 148,000 as of Christmas Eve". Haaretz. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "National Population Estimates" (PDF). Central Bureau of Statistics: 27. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's disputatious Avigdor Lieberman: Can the coalition hold together?". The Economist. 11 March 2010. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Levine, Lee I. (1999). Jerusalem: its sanctity and centrality to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 516. ISBN 978-0-8264-1024-5. 
^ Hebrew Phrasebook. Lonely Planet Publications. 1 November 1999. p. 156. ISBN 0-86442-528-7. 
^ "The Bahá'í World Centre: Focal Point for a Global Community". The Bahá'í International Community. Archived from the original on 29 June 2007. Retrieved 2 July 2007. 
^ "Teaching the Faith in Israel". Bahá'í Library Online. 23 June 1995. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Kababir and Central Carmel – Multiculturalism on the Carmel". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Visit Haifa". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Education in Ancient Israel". American Bible Society. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Moaz, Asher (July 2007). "Religious Education in Israel". Tel Aviv University Law Faculty Papers. 
^ a b David Adler (10 March 2014). "Ambitious Israeli students look to top institutions abroad". ICEF. Retrieved 20 January 2015. 
^ Karin Kloosterman (30 October 2005). "Bill Gates – Israel is a high tech superpower". Israel21. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Gary Shapiro (11 July 2013). "What Are The Secrets Behind Israel's Growing Innovative Edge?". Forbes. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ "Top Ten Reasons to Invest in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Israel: IT Workforce". Information Technology Landscape in Nations Around the World. American University. Archived from the original on 13 September 2006. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ "Israeli Schools: Religious and Secular Problems". Education Resources Information Center. 10 October 1984. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kashti, Or; Ilan, Shahar (18 July 2007). "Knesset raises school dropout age to 18". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Summary of the Principal Laws Related to Education". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 26 January 2003. Archived from the original on 18 February 2006. Retrieved 4 August 2007. 
^ a b Shetreet, Ida Ben; Woolf, Laura L. (2010). "Education" (PDF). Publications Department. Ministry of Immigrant Absorption. Retrieved 30 August 2012. 
^ "Religion and Education Around the World". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "6. Jewish educational attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "How Religious Groups Differ in Educational Attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "Jews at top of class in first-ever global study of religion and education". 13 December 2016. 
^ "The Israeli Matriculation Certificate". United States-Israel Educational Foundation via the University of Szeged University Library. January 1996. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "המגזר הערבי נוצרי הכי מצליח במערכת החינוך)". Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Christians in Israel: Strong in education". ynet. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ Konstantinov, Viacheslav (2015). "Patterns of Integration into Israeli Society among Immigrants from the Former Soviet Union over the Past Two Decades". Myers-JDC-Brookdale Institute. Retrieved 9 March 2017. 
^ "עולים מחבר העמים מצליחים יותר בבגרויות". וואלה! חדשות. 
^ "Students in Grade 12 - Matriculation Examinees and Those Entitled to a Certificate". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 5 March 2017. 
^ "Higher Education in Israel". Embassy of Israel In India. Archived from the original on 25 July 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Paraszczuk, Joanna (17 July 2012). "Ariel gets university status, despite opposition". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Technion". Technion. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "Israel". Monash University. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "History of the Library". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ a b "Israel". Academic Ranking of World Universities. 2016. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ a b "Field Listing — Executive Branch". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 19 June 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ In 1996, direct elections for the prime minister were inaugurated, but the system was declared unsatisfactory and the old one reinstated. See "Israel's election process explained". BBC News. 23 January 2003. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ "The Electoral System in Israel". The Knesset. Retrieved 8 August 2007. 
^ Mazie 2006, p. 34
^ Charbit, Denis (2014). "Israel's Self-Restrained Secularism from the 1947 Status Quo Letter to the Present". In Berlinerblau, Jacques; Fainberg, Sarah; Nou, Aurora. Secularism on the Edge: Rethinking Church-State Relations in the United States, France, and Israel. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. pp. 167–169. ISBN 978-1-137-38115-6. The compromise, therefore, was to choose constructive ambiguity: as surprising as it may seem, there is no law that declares Judaism the official religion of Israel. However, there is no other law that declares Israel's neutrality toward all confessions. Judaism is not recognized as the official religion of the state, and even though the Jewish, Muslim and Christian clergy receive their salaries from the state, this fact does not make Israel a neutral state. This apparent pluralism cannot dissimulate the fact that Israel displays a clear and undoubtedly hierarchical pluralism in religious matters. ... It is important to note that from a multicultural point of view, this self-restrained secularism allows Muslim law to be practiced in Israel for personal matters of the Muslim community. As surprising as it seems, if not paradoxical for a state in war, Israel is the only Western democratic country in which Sharia enjoys such an official status. 
^ Sharot, Stephen (2007). "Judaism in Israel: Public Religion, Neo-Traditionalism, Messianism, and Ethno-Religious Conflict". In Beckford, James A.; Demerath, Jay. The SAGE Handbook of the Sociology of Religion. London and Thousand Oaks, California: Sage Publications. pp. 671–672. ISBN 978-1-4129-1195-5. It is true that Jewish Israelis, and secular Israelis in particular, conceive of religion as shaped by a state-sponsored religious establishment. There is no formal state religion in Israel, but the state gives its official recognition and financial support to particular religious communities, Jewish, Islamic and Christian, whose religious authorities and courts are empowered to deal with matters of personal status and family law, such as marriage, divorce, and alimony, that are binding on all members of the communities. 
^ Jacoby, Tami Amanda (2005). Women in Zones of Conflict: Power and Resistance in Israel. Montreal, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario: McGill-Queen's University Press. pp. 53–54. ISBN 9780773529939. Although there is no official religion in Israel, there is also no clear separation between religion and state. In Israeli public life, tensions frequently arise among different streams of Judaism: Ultra-Orthodox, National-Religious, Mesorati (Conservative), Reconstructionist Progressive (Reform), and varying combinations of traditionalism and non-observance. Despite this variety in religious observances in society, Orthodox Judaism prevails institutionally over the other streams. This boundary is an historical consequence of the unique evolution of the relationship between Israel nationalism and state building. ... Since the founding period, in order to defuse religious tensions, the State of Israel has adopted what is known as the 'status quo,' an unwritten agreement stipulating that no further changes would be made in the status of religion, and that conflict between the observant and non-observant sectors would be handled circumstantially. The 'status quo' has since pertained to the legal status of both religious and secular Jews in Israel. This situation was designed to appease the religious sector, and has been upheld indefinitely through the disproportionate power of religious political parties in all subsequent coalition governments. ... On one hand, the Declaration of Independence adopted in 1948 explicitly guarantees freedom of religion. On the other, it simultaneously prevents the separation of religion and state in Israel. 
^ Englard, Izhak (Winter 1987). "Law and Religion in Israel". The American Journal of Comparative Law. American Society of Comparative Law. 35 (1): 185–208. JSTOR 840166. doi:10.2307/840166. The great political and ideological importance of religion in the state of Israel manifests itself in the manifold legal provisions concerned with religions phenomenon. ... It is not a system of separation between state and religion as practiced in the U.S.A and several other countries of the world. In Israel a number of religious bodies exercise official functions; the religious law is applied in limited areas 
^ a b "The Judiciary: The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 August 2005. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's high court unique in region". Boston Herald. 9 September 2007. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and the International Criminal Court". Office of the Legal Adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 30 June 2002. Archived from the original on 16 May 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ "The State — Judiciary — The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 October 2006. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "הליך מינוי השופטים בישראל: עובד- אל תיגעו!". Israel Democracy Institute. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Suzi Navot (2007). Constitutional Law of Israel. Kluwer Law International. p. 146. ISBN 9789041126511. 
^ "Introduction to the Tables: Geophysical Characteristics" (doc). Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 4 September 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell. "Israel Makes Peace With Egypt". Jewish Virtual Library. American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "Resolution 497 (1981)". United Nations. 1981. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "East Jerusalem: UNSC Res. 478". UN. 1980. Retrieved 10 April 2010. 
^ "Arabs will ask U.N. to seek razing of Israeli wall". NBCNews.com. 9 July 2004. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ "Olmert: Willing to trade land for peace". Ynetnews. 16 December 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2007. 
^ "Syria ready to discuss land for peace". The Jerusalem Post. 12 June 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Egypt: Israel must accept the land-for-peace formula". The Jerusalem Post. 15 March 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "A/RES/36/147. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "The Avalon Project : United Nations Security Council Resolution 605". avalon.law.yale.edu. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans". BBC News. 25 January 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Rudoren, Jodi; Sengupta, Somini (22 June 2015). "U.N. Report on Gaza Finds Evidence of War Crimes by Israel and by Palestinian Militants". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Human Rights Council establishes Independent, International Commission of Inquiry for the Occupied Palestinian Territory". www.ohchr.org. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Faced with Israeli denial of access to Occupied Palestinian Territory, UN expert resigns". Archived from the original on 5 December 2016. 
^ "Human Rights Council adopts six resolutions and closes its thirty-first regular session". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Israel and The Occupied Territories - The Occupied Territories". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Heyer, Julia Amalia. "Kids Behind Bars: Israel's Arbitrary Arrests of Palestinian Minors". SPIEGEL ONLINE. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories 2016/2017". Amnesty International. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Eight hundred dead Palestinians. But Israel has impunity". The Independent. 26 July 2014. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Isfahan, About the Author Ali OmidiDr Ali Omidi is Assistant Professor of International Relations in the University of (11 August 2014). "Why Israel’s Impunity Goes Unpunished by International Authorities". Foreign Policy Journal. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "How impunity defines Israel and victimises Palestinians". Al Jazeera. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Barghouti, Marwan (16 April 2017). "Why We Are on Hunger Strike in Israel’s Prisons". The New York Times. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Dorfman, Zach. "George Mitchell wrote 'A Path to Peace' about Israel and Palestine. Is there one?". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Outrage over Maimane's visit to Israel". Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "The subordination of Palestinian rights must stop". The National. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Palestine-Israel Journal: Settlements and the Palestinian Right to Self-Determination". www.pij.org. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Hammond, Jeremy R. "The Rejection of Palestinian Self Determination" (PDF). Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Top US senator clashes with Netanyahu over Israeli rights record". POLITICO. 31 March 2016. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Allegations of Israeli Human Rights Violations Closely Scrutinized, Says U.S. State Department". Haaretz. 6 May 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Gilboa, Eytan (2006-10-01). "Public Diplomacy: The Missing Component in Israel's Foreign Policy". Israel Affairs. 12 (4): 715–747. ISSN 1353-7121. doi:10.1080/13533310600890067. 
^ Nikki Haley urges UN to shift its criticism from Israel to Iran, 20th April 2017, Times of Israel
^ U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘The Days of Israel-Bashing Are Over’, 28th March 2017, National Review
^ "Ban Ki-moon recognizes bias against Israel in last Security Council speech". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Annan: Solution for refugees in Palestinian state". Ynetnews. Retrieved 2017-04-27. 
^ "UNRWA in Figures: Figures as of 30 June 2009" (PDF). United Nations. June 2009. Retrieved 27 September 2007. 
^ "Questions and Answers". Israel's Security Fence. The State of Israel. 22 February 2004. Archived from the original on 3 October 2013. Retrieved 17 April 2007. 
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "Refworld | West Bank Barrier Route Projections, July 2008". Unhcr.org. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Under the Guise of Security: Routing the Separation Barrier to Enable Israeli Settlement Expansion in the West Bank". Publications. B'Tselem. December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Situation Report on the Humanitarian Situation in the Gaza Strip". Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. 
^ "The occupied Palestinian territories: Dignity Denied". International Committee of the Red Cross. 13 December 2007. 
^ "Israel/Palestine". Human Rights Watch. 2013. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict" (PDF). United Nations Human Rights Council. 15 September 2009. p. 85. 
^ "Israel/Occupied Territories: Road to nowhere". Amnesty International. 1 December 2006. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. 
^ a b "The scope of Israeli control in the Gaza Strip". B'Tselem. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Agreed documents on movement and access from and to Gaza". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 15 November 2005. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel's Diplomatic Missions Abroad: Status of relations". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ Mohammed Mostafa Kamal (21 July 2012). "Why Doesn't the Muslim World Recognize Israel?". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 30 November 2015. 
^ "Massive Israel protests hit universities" (Egyptian Mail, 16 March 2010) "According to most Egyptians, almost 31 years after a peace treaty was signed between Egypt and Israel, having normal ties between the two countries is still a potent accusation and Israel is largely considered to be an enemy country"
^ "Initial Periodic Report of the State of Israel Concerning the Implementation of the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC)" (PDF). Israel Ministry of Justice. February 2001: 147 (173 using pdf numbering). Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 September 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ הוראות הדין הישראלי (in Hebrew). Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 2004. Archived from the original on 1 July 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 37–39, 47
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 47–49
^ "Qatar, Mauritania cut Israel ties". Al Jazeera English. 17 January 2009. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Abn, Abi (14 January 2009). "Bolivia rompe relaciones diplomáticas con Israel y anuncia demanda por genocidio en Gaza" (in Spanish). YVKE Mundial Radio. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2010. 
^ "The Recognition of Israel". JSTOR 2193961. 
^ "U.S. Relations With Israel Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Fact Sheet March 10, 2014". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Israel: Background and Relations with the United States Updated" (PDF). Defense Technical Information Center. Retrieved 19 October 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Overseas Loans and Grants" (PDF). 
^ "U.S. Government Foreign Grants and Credits by Type and Country: 2000 to 2010" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-10-20. 
^ "Foreign Aid". Archived from the original on 2007-12-25. 
^ "The bilateral relationship". UK in Israel. Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Congressional Research Service: Germany's Relations with Israel: Background and Implications for German Middle East Policy, Jan 19, 2007. (page CRS-2)" (PDF). Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ Eric Maurice (5 March 2015). "EU to Revise Relations with Turbulent Neighbourhood". EUobserver. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Abadi 2004, p. 3. "However, it was not until 1991 that the two countries established full diplomatic relations."
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 4–6
^ Uzer, Umut (26 March 2013). "Turkish-Israeli Relations: Their Rise and Fall". Middle East Policy. XX (1): 97–110. doi:10.1111/mepo.12007. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ "Israel woos Greece after rift with Turkey". BBC News. 16 October 2010. 
^ "Turkey, Greece discuss exploration off Cyprus". Haaretz. Associated Press. 26 September 2011. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Benari, Elad (5 March 2012). "Israel, Cyprus Sign Deal for Underwater Electricity Cable". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Kumar, Dinesh. "India and Israel: Dawn of a New Era" (PDF). Jerusalem Institute for Western Defense. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Eichner, Itamar (4 March 2009). "From India with love". Ynetnews. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Nitin Gadkari to visit Israel tomorrow". World Snap. 13 December 2010. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "India to hold wide-ranging strategic talks with US, Israel". The Times of India. 19 January 2010. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Iran and Israel in Africa: A search for allies in a hostile world". The Economist. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ World Giving Index (PDF) (Report). Charities Aid Foundation. October 2016. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Pfeffer, Anshel (April 28, 2015). "The Downsides of Israel's Missions of Mercy Abroad". Haaretz. Retrieved November 22, 2015. And even when no Israelis are involved, few countries are as fast as Israel in mobilizing entire delegations to rush to the other side of the world. It has been proved time and again in recent years, after the earthquake in Haiti, the typhoon in the Philippines and the quake/tsunami/nuclear disaster in Japan. For a country of Israel's size and resources, without conveniently located aircraft carriers and overseas bases, it is quite an impressive achievement. 
^ "About MASHAV". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Haim Yacobi, Israel and Africa: A Genealogy of Moral Geography, Routledge, 2015 p.113.
^ Ki-moon, Ban (1 December 2016). "Secretary-General's remarks at reception in honour of ZAKA International Rescue Unit [as prepared for delivery]". United Nations. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Ueriel Hellman,"Israeli aid effort helps Haitians – and Israel's image", Jewish Telegraphic Agency 19 January 2010
^ "Israel's 'superwoman' takes flight to help others – ISRAEL21c". Israel21c. 
^ "Wolfson cardiac surgeons save lives of more Gazan children". The Jerusalem Post - JPost.com. 
^ "Earthquake in Haiti – Latet Organization deploys for immediate relief to victims". ReliefWeb. 
^ "When catastrophe strikes the IDF is there to help". Israel Today. May 20, 2015. Retrieved November 24, 2015. 
^ Benhorin, Yitzhak (18 January 2010). "Praise for Israeli mission in Haiti: 'Only ones operating'". Ynet. Retrieved 25 November 2015. 
^ "International Aid to Haiti: Who's Giving". Cbsnews.com. 14 January 2010. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Marcy Oster, Israeli delegation leaves Haiti Jewish Telegraphic Agency January 27, 2010.
^ "Heart surgery for Haitian child". Israel21c. 27 January 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "IDF team returns from Haiti". The canadian Jewish news. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Israeli aid delegation leaves for Japan". Ynetnews. 26 March 2011. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Kinue Tokudome, 'Promise fulfilled Israelìs Medical Team in Japan,' The Jerusalem Post 18 April 2015.
^ "History: 1948". Israel Defense Forces. 2007. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Henderson 2003, p. 97
^ "The State: Israel Defense Forces (IDF)". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 13 March 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Defense Forces". GlobalSecurity.org. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ "Tel Aviv-Yaffo Municipality, Beaches" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 12 July 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012. 
^ "The Israel Defense Forces". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 21 October 2006. 
^ Stendel 1997, pp. 191–192
^ Shtrasler, Nehemia (16 May 2007). "Cool law, for wrong population". Haaretz. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Sherut Leumi (National Service)". Nefesh B'Nefesh. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Military Balance: Israel (PDF) (Report). The Institute for National Security Studies. 26 November 2014. p. 10. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (30 March 2007). "'Arrow can fully protect against Iran'". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Israeli Mirage III and Nesher Aces, By Shlomo Aloni, (Osprey 2004), page 60
^ Spike Anti-Tank Missile, Israel army-technology.com
^ Robert Johnson (19 November 2012). "How Israel Developed Such A Shockingly Effective Rocket Defense System". Business Insider. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Sarah Tory (19 November 2012). "A Missile-Defense System That Actually Works?". Slate. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Zorn, E. L. (8 May 2007). "Israel's Quest for Satellite Intelligence". Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (11 June 2007). "Analysis: Eyes in the sky". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ ElBaradei, Mohamed (27 July 2004). "Transcript of the Director General's Interview with Al-Ahram News". International Atomic Energy Agency. Archived from the original on 18 April 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction: Assessing the Risks" (PDF). Office of Technology Assessment. August 1993. pp. 65, 84. Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 May 2012. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "Background Information". 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). United Nations. 27 May 2005. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ Ziv, Guy, "To Disclose or Not to Disclose: The Impact of Nuclear Ambiguity on Israeli Security," Israel Studies Forum, Vol. 22, No. 2 (Winter 2007): 76–94
^ "Popeye Turbo". Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ "Glossary". Israel Homeowner. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Defence Expenditure in Israel, 1950-2015 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 29 May 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Military expenditure (% of GDP)". World Development Indicators. World Bank. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Trends in world military expenditure, 2015 (PDF) (Report). Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. 5 April 2016. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Sharp, Jeremy M. (22 December 2016). U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel (PDF) (Report). Congressional Research Service. p. 36. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ Lake, Eli (15 September 2016). "The U.S.-Israel Memorandum of Misunderstanding". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 March 2017. 
^ "TOP LIST TIV TABLES". Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Israel reveals more than $7 billion in arms sales, but few names By Gili Cohen | 9 January 2014, Haaretz
^ "Global Peace Index 2017". Institute for Economics and Peace. 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Northern and Western Asia". 
^ "List of OECD Member countries — Ratification of the Convention on the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Schwab, Klaus (2016). The Global Competitiveness Report 2016–2017 (PDF) (Report). World Economic Forum. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Doing Business in Israel". World Bank. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Bounfour, Ahmed; Edvinsson, Leif (2005). Intellectual Capital for Communities: Nations, Regions, and Cities. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 47 (368 pages). ISBN 0-7506-7773-2. 
^ Richard Behar (11 May 2016). "Inside Israel's Secret Startup Machine". Forbes. Retrieved 30 October 2016. 
^ "The 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Scoreboard" (PDF). International Institute for Management Development. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Israel". Human Capital Report. World Economic Forum. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Tel Aviv Stock Exchange inaugurates trading in new building, By GLOBES, NIV ELIS, 09/08/2014
^ "Israel's International Investment Position (IIP), June 2015" (Press release). Bank of Israel. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 29 January 2017. 
^ Krawitz, Avi (27 February 2007). "Intel to expand Jerusalem R&D". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Microsoft Israel R&D center: Leadership". Microsoft. Archived from the original on 13 March 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. Avi returned to Israel in 1991, and established the first Microsoft R&D Center outside the US ... 
^ "Berkshire Announces Acquisition". New York Times. 6 May 2006. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ Koren, Orah (26 June 2012). "Instead of 4 work days: 6 optional days to be considered half day-outs". The Marker. Retrieved 26 June 2012.  (in Hebrew)
^ a b Haviv Rettig Gur (9 October 2013). "Tiny Israel a Nobel heavyweight, especially in chemistry". The Times of Israel. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Israel keen on IT tie-ups". Business Line. Chennai, India. 10 January 2001. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Israel's technology industry: Punching above its weight". The Economist. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Jamrisko, Michelle; Lu, Wei (17 January 2017). "These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies". Bloomberg. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Research and development expenditure (% of GDP)". World Bank. Retrieved 27 January 2017. 
^ Shteinbuk, Eduard (22 July 2011). "R&D and Innovation as a Growth Engine" (PDF). National Research University – Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 11 May 2013. 
^ "InvestinIsrael" (PDF). 
^ Investing in IsraelArchived 9 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Heylin, Michael (27 November 2006). "Globalization of Science Rolls On" (PDF). Chemical & Engineering News. American Chemical Society: 29–31. Retrieved 5 February 2013. 
^ Gordon, Evelyn (24 August 2006). "Kicking the global oil habit". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yarden Skop. "Israel's scientific fall from grace: Study shows drastic decline in publications per capita". Haaretz. 
^ Stafford, Ned (21 March 2006). "Stem cell density highest in Israel". The Scientist. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Futron Releases 2012 Space Competitiveness Index". Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ O'Sullivan, Arieh (9 July 2012). "Israel's domestic satellite industry saved". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 9 December 2012. The Amos 6 will be IAI's 14th satellite 
^ Tran, Mark (21 January 2008). "Israel launches new satellite to spy on Iran". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Space launch systems – Shavit". Deagel. Retrieved 19 November 2013. 
^ e-Teacher (9 February 2010). "Learning Hebrew Online – Colonel Ilan Ramon". The Jerusalem Post. Archived from the original on 8 December 2015. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Talbot, David (2015). "Megascale Desalination". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ Federman, Josef (30 May 2014). "Israel solves water woes with desalination". Associated Press. Archived from the original on 2 June 2014. Retrieved May 30, 2014. 
^ Kershner, Isabel (2015-05-29). "Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe: Drought". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-05-31. 
^ "What You Israelis Have Done With Water Tech is Simply Amazing". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 16 November 2011. 
^ "Ashkelon, Israel". water-technology.net. 
^ Rabinovitch, Ari (6 December 2011). "Desalination plant could make Israel water exporter". Reuters. Jerusalem. 
^ Lettice, John (25 January 2008). "Giant solar plants in Negev could power Israel's future". The Register. 
^ a b Gradstein, Linda (22 October 2007). "Israel Pushes Solar Energy Technology". NPR. 
^ a b Parry, Tom (15 August 2007). "Looking to the sun". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on 24 September 2008. 
^ a b Sandler, Neal (26 March 2008). "At the Zenith of Solar Energy". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Del Chiaro, Bernadette; Telleen-Lawton, Timothy. "Solar Water Heating: How California Can Reduce Its Dependence on Natural Gas" (PDF). Environment California. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Berner, Joachim (January 2008). "Solar, what else?!" (PDF). Sun & Wind Energy. Israel Special. p. 88. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ "Will Israel's Electric Cars Change the World?". Time. 26 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric cars are all the rage in Israel". FT. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Israel to keep electric car recharging fees low". Haaretz. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Baby you can drive my electric car". Jpost. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric Car Company Folds After Taking $850 Million From GE And Others". Business Insider. 26 May 2013. 
^ "Roads, by Length and Area". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b "3.09 Million Motor Vehicles in Israel in 2015". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 30 March 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "Bus Services on Scheduled Routes" (PDF). Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics. 2009. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ a b "Railway Services". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b c "Transportation in Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. 1 November 2001. ISBN 0-08-043448-7. Archived from the original on 6 July 2008. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ "Statistics". Israel Airports Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ Burstein, Nathan (14 August 2007). "Tourist visits above pre-war level". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yifa Yaakov (10 January 2014). "2013 'record year' for tourism, government says". Times of Israel. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Ziv Reinstein (10 January 2014). "2013: Record year for incoming tourism". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Wainer, David; Ben-David, Calev (22 April 2010). "Israel Billionaire Tshuva Strikes Gas, Fueling Expansion in Energy, Hotels". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on 12 January 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Technical Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Environmental Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Arava Power Company". Archived from the original on July 7, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Roca, Marc (May 22, 2012), "Arava Closes Funding For $204 Million Israeli Solar Plants", Bloomberg, retrieved June 3, 2012 
^ "Asian Studies: Israel as a 'Melting Pot'". National Research University Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 18 April 2012. 
^ "Jewish Festivals and Days of Remembrance in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ Ran, Ami (25 August 1998). "Encounters: The Vernacular Paradox of Israeli Architecture". Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 6 September 2007. 
^ Brinn, David (23 October 2005). "Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian DJs create bridge for peace". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The International Israeli Table". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 26 June 2009. 
^ "Amos Oz is most translated Israeli author". Ynetnews. 10 February 2009. 
^ "Depositing Books to The Jewish National & University Library". Jewish National and University Library. Retrieved 21 August 2007. 
^ "Statistics for 2015". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1966". Nobel Foundation. Retrieved 12 August 2007. 
^ "Palestinian 'national poet' dies". BBC News. 9 August 2008. 
^ Broughton, Ellingham & Trillo 1999, pp. 365–369
^ "Israel". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 10 February 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1095
^ Ewbank, Alison J.; Papageorgiou, Fouli T. (1997). Whose Master's Voice?: The Development of Popular Music in Thirteen Cultures. Greenwood Press. p. 117. ISBN 978-0-313-27772-6. 
^ Davis, Barry (5 February 2007). "Israel Philharmonic Orchestra celebrates 70th anniversary". Ministry of Foreign Affairs (from Israel21c). Archived from the original on 6 February 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "History". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "About the Red Sea Jazz Festival". Red Sea Jazz Festival. Archived from the original on 12 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ The Cambridge Dictionary of Judaism and Jewish Culture, (Cambridge University Press 2011), edited by Judith R. Baskin, Judith Reesa Baskin, page 125
^ "Israeli Folk Music". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 3 January 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Brown, Hannah (2 February 2010). "'Ajami' nominated for Oscar". Jerusalem Post. 
^ התיאטרון הלאומי הבימה (in Hebrew). Habima National Theatre. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ Dunham, Jennifer (2016). "Freedom of the Press". Freedom House. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Diab, Khaled (11 February 2013). "Preaching – and Practicing – Media Freedom in the Middle East". Haaretz. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ "Reporting constrained by terror in the Middle East and North Africa". Reporters Without Borders. 2016. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ a b "About the Museum". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Shrine of the Book". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "About Yad Vashem". Yad Vashem. Archived from the original on 14 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Museum Information". Beth Hatefutsoth. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ TravelNet in cooperation with Israel museums. "Mishkan LeOmanut, Ein Harod". Ilmuseums.com. Archived from the original on 27 December 2008. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Ahituv, Netta (29 January 2013). "10 of Israel's best museums". CNN. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Rast, Walter E. (1992). Through the Ages in Palestinian Archaeology: An Introductory Handbook. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 50. ISBN 9781563380556. "Galilee man" (lowercase "m") in this source is a typo – ref. Solo Man, Peking Man and so forth. 
^ "The Israel Museum Permanent Exhibitions: Archaeology Wing – The Dawn of Civilization". New York: The Ridgefield Foundation. 1995. Skull (cast) Zuttiyeh Cave Lower Palaeolithic. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ a b c Yael Raviv, Falafel Nation, University of Nebraska Press, 2015
^ Uzi Rebhun, Lilakh Lev Ari, American Israelis: Migration, Transnationalism, and Diasporic Identity, BRILL, 2010 pp.112–113.
^ Julia Bernstein, Food for Thought: Transnational Contested Identities and Food Practices of Russian-Speaking Jewish Migrants in Israel and Germany, Campus Verlag, 2010 pp.227,233–234.
^ a b Bernstein, pp. 231–233.
^ "Israel's Pork Problem". Slate. New York. 8 August 2012. Retrieved 28 December 2015. 
^ Torstrick 2004, p. 141
^ "Basketball Super League Profile". Winner Basketball Super League. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Barred from Asian Games". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 26 July 1976. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv – Welcome to EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL". Archived from the original on 25 June 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Pawn stars shine in new 'national sport'". Haaretz. Retrieved 21 May 2012. 
^ "Chess in Schools in Israel: Progress report". FIDE. 28 May 2012. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bekerman, Eitan (4 September 2006). "Chess masters set to blitz Rishon Letzion". Haaretz. 
^ "World Team Championship in Beer Sheva, Israel". World Chess Federation. 1 November 2005. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Tzahor, Uri (26 November 2008). "Israel takes silver medal in Chess Olympiad". Ynetnews. 
^ Shvidler, Eli (15 December 2009). "Israeli grand master Boris Gelfand wins Chess World Cup". Haaretz. 
^ "Israel". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Tel Aviv 1968". International Paralympic Committee. Archived from the original on 20 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Shahar PEER". International Tennis Federation. Retrieved 19 February 2017. 
^ Ellis, Judy (4 May 1998). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!". TIME. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 


Bibliography


McNutt, Paula M. (1999). Reconstructing the Society of Ancient Israel. Westminster John Knox. ISBN 978-0664222659. 
Miller, Robert D. (2012) [First published 2005]. Chieftains of the Highland Clans. ISBN 978-1620322086. 
Abadi, Jacob (2004). Israel's Quest for Recognition and Acceptance in Asia: Garrison State Diplomacy. Routledge. ISBN 0-7146-5576-7. 
Barton, John; Bowden, Julie (2004). The Original Story: God, Israel and the World. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8028-2900-7. 
Ben-Sasson, Hayim (1985). A History of the Jewish People. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-39731-6. 
Bregman, Ahron (2002). A History of Israel. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-333-67631-9. 
Broughton, Simon; Ellingham, Mark; Trillo, Richard (1999). World Music: The Rough Guide. Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-635-2. 
Cole, Tim (2003). Holocaust City: The Making of a Jewish Ghetto. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92968-7. 
Fraser, T. G. (2004). The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Palgrave Macmillan Limited. ISBN 9781403913388. Retrieved 12 May 2013. 
Friedland, Roger; Hecht, Richard (2000). To Rule Jerusalem. University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-22092-7. 
Gelvin, James L. (2005). The Israel-Palestine Conflict: One Hundred Years of War. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-85289-7. 
Gilbert, Martin (2005). The Routledge Atlas Of The Arab–Israeli conflict (8th ed.). Routledge. ISBN 0-415-35900-7. 
Goldreich, Yair (2003). The Climate of Israel: Observation, Research and Application. Springer. ISBN 0-306-47445-X. 
Harkavy, Robert E.; Neuman, Stephanie G. (2001). Warfare and the Third World. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-24012-0. 
Henderson, Robert D'A. (2003). Brassey's International Intelligence Yearbook (2003 ed.). Brassey's Inc. ISBN 1-57488-550-2. 
Herzl, Theodor (1946). The Jewish State. American Zionist Emergency Council. ISBN 0-486-25849-1. 
Jacobs, Daniel (1998). Israel and the Palestinian Territories: The Rough Guide (2nd revised ed.). Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-248-9. 
Kellerman, Aharon (1993). Society and Settlement: Jewish Land of Israel in the Twentieth Century. State University of New York Press. ISBN 0-7914-1295-4. 
Kornberg, Jacques (1993). Theodor Herzl: From Assimilation to Zionism. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33203-6. 
Lustick, Ian (1988). For the Land and the Lord: Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. Council on Foreign Relations Press. ISBN 0-87609-036-6. 
Mazie, Steven (2006). Israel's Higher Law: Religion and Liberal Democracy in the Jewish State. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-1485-9. 
Morçöl, Göktuğ (2006). Handbook of Decision Making. CRC Press. ISBN 1-57444-548-0. 
Mowlana, Hamid; Gerbner, George; Schiller, Herbert I. (1992). Triumph of the File: The Media's War in the Persian Gulf — A Global Perspective. Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-1610-3. 
Roberts, Adam (1990). "Prolonged Military Occupation: The Israeli-Occupied Territories Since 1967". The American Journal of International Law. American Society of International Law. 84 (1): 44–103. JSTOR 2203016. doi:10.2307/2203016. 
Romano, Amy (2003). A Historical Atlas of Israel. The Rosen Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8239-3978-2. 
Rosenzweig, Rafael (1997). The Economic Consequences of Zionism. T Brill Academic Publishers. ISBN 90-04-09147-5. 
Rummel, Rudolph J. (1997). Power Kills: Democracy As a Method of Nonviolence. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-7658-0523-5. 
Scharfstein, Sol (1996). Understanding Jewish History. KTAV Publishing House. ISBN 0-88125-545-9. 
Segev, Tom (2007). 1967: Israel, the War, and the Year that Transformed the Middle East. Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 9780805070576. 
Shindler, Colin (2002). The Land Beyond Promise: Israel, Likud and the Zionist Dream. I.B.Tauris Publishers. ISBN 1-86064-774-X. 
Skolnik, Fred (2007). Encyclopedia Judaica. 9 (2nd ed.). Macmillian. ISBN 0-02-865928-7. 
Smith, Derek (2006). Deterring America: Rogue States and the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86465-8. 
Stein, Leslie (2003). The Hope Fulfilled: The Rise of Modern Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-275-97141-4. 
Stendel, Ori (1997). The Arabs in Israel. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 1-898723-23-0. 
Stone, Russell A.; Zenner, Walter P. (1994). Critical Essays on Israeli Social Issues and Scholarship. SUNY Press. ISBN 0-7914-1959-2. 
Torstrick, Rebecca L. (2004). Culture and Customs of Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-32091-8. 


External links

Find more aboutIsraelat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Government


Government services and information website
About Israel at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Official website of the Israel Prime Minister's Office
Official website of the Israel Ministry of Tourism
Official website of the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics


General information


"Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Israel at the Jewish Virtual Library
Israel at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Key Development Forecasts for Israel from International Futures
Israel at DMOZ


Maps


 Wikimedia Atlas of Israel
 Geographic data related to Israel at OpenStreetMap

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›

 Israel (including the  State of Palestine)






 Cyprus
 Lebanon
 Syria



Levantine Sea
(part of the Mediterranean Sea)

 Jordan








   Israel  











 Egypt
Gulf of Eilat
 Saudi Arabia








v
t
e


Israel articles



History



Antiquity
Second Temple period
Old Yishuv
Zionism

Yishuv
Independence


Arab–Israeli conflict

Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Peace process


Timeline

by year







Geography







Borders
Cities
Districts
Lakes

Dead Sea
Sea of Galilee


Land of Israel
National parks and nature reserves
Rivers

Jordan River


Wildlife








Politics







Cabinet

Prime Minister


Elections
Foreign relations
Knesset (parliament)

Parties


Law

Basic Laws
Judiciary


President
System of government








Security



Censorship
Civil defense
Intelligence Community

Aman
Mossad
Shin Bet


Israel Defense Forces

Conscription
Structure


Police
Wars
West Bank barrier





Economy







Agriculture
Banking
Companies
Diamond industry
Energy
Science and technology
Taxation
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tourism
Transport
Water supply and sanitation








Society







Aliyah
Crime
Demographics

People


Education
Healthcare
Human rights
Kibbutz
Languages

Hebrew
Arabic


Religion
Standard of living
Women





Culture



Archaeology
Architecture
Cinema
Cuisine
Literature
Media
Museums
Music
National symbols
Public holidays
Sport
Visual arts
World Heritage Sites












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Middle East






Bahrain
Cyprus
Egypt
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Northern Cyprus
Oman
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen











Conflicts
Cuisine
Etiquette
History

timeline


Music












v
t
e


Countries and territories of the Mediterranean Sea



Sovereign states



Albania
Algeria
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Cyprus
Egypt
France
Greece
Israel
Italy
Lebanon
Libya
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Slovenia
Spain
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey





States with limited recognition



Northern Cyprus
Palestine





Dependencies and other territories



Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK)
Gibraltar (UK)












v
t
e


OECD members



Member states



 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 Chile
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Greece
 Hungary
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Poland
 Portugal
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sweden
  Switzerland
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


States with limited recognition




Details concerning international recognition and foreign relations provided by the articles linked in parenthesis



UN member states




Partially unrecognised



Armenia

relations


China

relations


Cyprus

relations


Israel

recognition
relations


North Korea

relations


South Korea

relations











Non-UN member
states






Recognised by at least
one UN member




Abkhazia

recognition
relations


Kosovo

recognition
relations


Northern Cyprus

relations


Palestine

recognition
relations


Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

recognition
relations


South Ossetia

recognition
relations


Taiwan

relations








Recognised only by
non-UN members




Nagorno-Karabakh

recognition
relations


Transnistria

recognition
relations







Unrecognised



Somaliland

relations

















v
t
e


Zionism and the Land of Israel







Historic region of Israel
Independent Israel
Modern Israel










History


Prehistory / History of the Levant
History of ancient Israel and Judah
Laws and customs of the Land of Israel in Judaism


The Jewish people


Timeline of Jewish history
History of the Jews and Judaism in the Land of Israel (leaders)
Modern Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel



History of Israel
Israeli Jews
Culture of Israel
Law of Return








History to 1948



Zionism (history · timeline)
Aliyah
Theodor Herzl
Balfour Declaration












History



UN Partition Plan
Declaration of Independence



Politics

Arab–Israeli conflict · Israeli–Palestinian conflict (Peace process · Disengagement from Gaza
Society and economy

Kibbutzim and Moshavim · Exodus from Arab countries · Development towns · Austerity · Agriculture technology











Green Line


Israeli settlements
Timeline
International law




West Bank
Judea and Samaria Area




Gaza Strip
Geography
Hof Aza Regional Council




East Jerusalem
Positions on Jerusalem

















Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 146498911
LCCN: n79003285
ISNI: 0000 0004 0372 0767
GND: 4027808-6
SELIBR: 149293
SUDOC: 02638955X
BNF: cb118646298 (data)
NLA: 35237752
NDL: 00564274
NKC: ge129403
BNE: XX451232










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Israel&oldid=792082222"					
Categories: Israel1948 establishments in Asia1948 establishments in IsraelArabic-speaking countries and territoriesCountries in AsiaEastern MediterraneanHebrew words and phrasesLiberal democraciesMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsMiddle Eastern countriesNear Eastern countriesPalestine (region)RepublicsStates and territories established in 1948Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsCS1 maint: Extra textArticles needing more detailed referencesPages with broken reference namesCS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listArticles incorporating a citation from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia with Wikisource referenceCS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionCoordinates on WikidataUse dmy dates from September 2015Articles containing Hebrew-language textArticles containing Arabic-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with hAudio microformatsArticles containing Greek-language textArticles with minor POV problems from May 2015All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles needing style editingWikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2016Articles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersArticles containing video clipsPages with graphs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanঅসমীয়াAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNa Vosa VakavitiNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaRipoarischRomânăRomaniRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskSesotho sa LeboaShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 10:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Israel - Wikipedia




















 







Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Isreal)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see Israel (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35


State of Israel



מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל (Hebrew)
دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل (Arabic)










Flag



Emblem






Anthem: "Hatikvah" (Hebrew for "The Hope")




















Capital
and largest city
Jerusalem (internationally unrecognized)
31°47′N 35°13′E﻿ / ﻿31.783°N 35.217°E﻿ / 31.783; 35.217


Official languages



Hebrew
Arabic





Ethnic groups (2016)



74.8% Jewish
20.8% Arab
4.4% other[1]





Religion



74.8% Jewish
17.6% Muslim
2% Christian
1.6% Druze
4% other[2]





Demonym
Israeli


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Reuven Rivlin



• Prime Minister

Benjamin Netanyahu


Legislature
Knesset


Independence



• Declared

14 May 1948



• Admission to UNO

11 May 1949


Area



• Total

20,770–22,072 km2 (8,019–8,522 sq mi)[a] (149th)



• Water

440 km2 (170 sq mi)



• Water (%)

2.1


Population



• 2017 estimate

8,721,580[3] (98th)



• 2008 census

7,412,200[4]



• Density

392/km2 (1,015.3/sq mi) (34th)


GDP (PPP)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$316.120 billion (54th)



• Per capita

$36,379 (34th)


GDP (nominal)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$339.990 billion (34th)



• Per capita

$39,126 (24th)


Gini (2013)
42.8[6]
medium


HDI (2015)
 0.899[7]
very high · 19th


Currency
New shekel (₪‎) (ILS)


Time zone
IST (UTC+2)



• Summer (DST)

IDT (UTC+3)


Date format



אא-בב-גגגג (AM)‎
dd-mm-yyyy (CE)





Drives on the
right


Calling code
+972


ISO 3166 code
IL


Internet TLD
.il
.ישראל‎



Website
www.israel.org






^ 20,770 is Israel within the Green Line. 22,072 includes the annexed Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.








This article contains Hebrew and Arabic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols.


Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎‎), officially the State of Israel, is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[8] to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[2][9] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv,[10] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[note 1][11][12]
In 1947, the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem.[13] The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.[14][15] Next year, the Jewish Agency declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16] Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states,[17] in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank, Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip (still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement).[note 2] It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, but not the West Bank.[18][19][20][21] Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.[note 2][23] Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace. However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,721,580 people.[3] It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish. The country's second largest group of citizens are Arabs, at 20.8% (including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs).[1] The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims, including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins; the rest are Christians and Druze. Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans. Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia,[24] including illegal migrants from Sudan, Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state.[25] Israel is a representative democracy[26] with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage.[27][28] The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member,[29] with the 34th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2016[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree.[30] The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East,[7] and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.[31]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 Antiquity
2.3 Classical period
2.4 Middle Ages and modern history
2.5 Zionism and British mandate
2.6 After World War II
2.7 Early years of the State of Israel
2.8 Further conflict and peace process


3 Geography and environment

3.1 Tectonics and seismicity
3.2 Climate


4 Demographics

4.1 Major urban areas
4.2 Language
4.3 Religion
4.4 Education


5 Politics

5.1 Legal system
5.2 Administrative divisions
5.3 Israeli-occupied territories
5.4 Foreign relations
5.5 International humanitarian efforts
5.6 Military


6 Economy

6.1 Science and technology
6.2 Transportation
6.3 Tourism
6.4 Energy


7 Culture

7.1 Literature
7.2 Music and dance
7.3 Cinema and theatre
7.4 Media
7.5 Museums
7.6 Cuisine
7.7 Sports


8 See also
9 Notes
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



 Etymology




The Merneptah Stele (13th century BCE). The majority of biblical archeologists translate a set of hieroglyphs as "Israel," the first instance of the name in the record.


Upon independence in 1948, the country formally adopted the name "State of Israel" (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎  Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل‎‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]) after other proposed historical and religious names including Eretz Israel ("the Land of Israel"), Zion, and Judea, were considered and rejected.[32] In the early weeks of independence, the government chose the term "Israeli" to denote a citizen of Israel, with the formal announcement made by Minister of Foreign Affairs Moshe Sharett.[33]
The names Land of Israel and Children of Israel have historically been used to refer to the biblical Kingdom of Israel and the entire Jewish people respectively.[34] The name "Israel" (Standard Yisraʾel, Isrāʾīl; Septuagint Greek: Ἰσραήλ Israēl; 'El(God) persists/rules', though after Hosea 12:4 often interpreted as "struggle with God")[35][36][37][38] in these phrases refers to the patriarch Jacob who, according to the Hebrew Bible, was given the name after he successfully wrestled with the angel of the Lord.[39] Jacob's twelve sons became the ancestors of the Israelites, also known as the Twelve Tribes of Israel or Children of Israel. Jacob and his sons had lived in Canaan but were forced by famine to go into Egypt for four generations, lasting 430 years,[40] until Moses, a great-great grandson of Jacob,[41] led the Israelites back into Canaan during the "Exodus". The earliest known archaeological artifact to mention the word "Israel" as a collective is the Merneptah Stele of ancient Egypt (dated to the late 13th century BCE).[42]
The area is also known as the Holy Land, being holy for all Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith. From 1920, the whole region was known as Palestine (under British Mandate)[note 3] until the Israeli Declaration of Independence of 1948.[43] Through the centuries, the territory was known by a variety of other names, including Canaan, Djahy, Samaria, Judea, Yehud, Iudaea, Coele-Syria, Syria Palaestina and Southern Syria.
History
Main article: History of Israel
Prehistory
Further information: Prehistory of the Levant
The oldest evidence of early humans in the territory of modern Israel, dating to 1.5 million years ago, was found in Ubeidiya near the Sea of Galilee.[44] Other notable Paleolithic sites include caves Tabun, Qesem and Manot. The oldest fossils of anatomically modern humans found outside Africa are the Skhul and Qafzeh hominins, who lived in the area that is now northern Israel 120,000 years ago.[45] Around 10th millennium BCE, the Natufian culture existed in the area.[46]
Antiquity
Main article: History of ancient Israel and Judah
Further information: Israelites, Kingdom of Israel (Samaria), and Kingdom of Judah




The Large Stone Structure, archaeological site of ancient Jerusalem


The early history of the territory is unclear.[47]:104 Modern archaeology has largely discarded the historicity of the narrative in the Torah concerning the patriarchs, The Exodus, and the conquest described in the Book of Joshua, and instead views the narrative as constituting the Israelites' inspiring national myth.[48] Ancestors of the Israelites may have included ancient Semitic-speaking peoples native to Canaan.[49]:78–9 The archaeological evidence indicates a society of village-like centres, but with more limited resources and a small population.[50] Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400,[51][52] which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient;[53] economic interchange was prevalent.[54] Writing was known and available for recording, even in small sites.[55] The Israelites and their culture, according to the modern archaeological account, did not overtake the region by force, but instead branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatristic—and later monotheistic—religion centered on Yahweh. The growth of Yahweh-centric belief, along with a number of cultic practices, gradually gave rise to a distinct Israelite ethnic group, setting them apart from other Canaanites.[56][57][58][59][60][61]




Map of Israel and Judah in the 9th century BCE


While it is unclear if there was ever a United Monarchy,[62][47][63][64] there is well accepted archeological evidence referring to "Israel" in the Merneptah Stele which dates to about 1200 BCE;[65][66][67] and the Canaanites are archeologically attested in the Middle Bronze Age.[68][69] There is debate about the earliest existence of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah and their extent and power, but historians agree that a Kingdom of Israel existed by ca. 900 BCE[47]:169–195[63][64] and that a Kingdom of Judah existed by ca. 700 BCE.[70] The Kingdom of Israel was destroyed around 720 BCE, when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire.[71]
In 586 BCE, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon conquered Judah. According to the Hebrew Bible, he destroyed Solomon's Temple and exiled the Jews to Babylon. The defeat was also recorded in the Babylonian Chronicles.[72][73] The Babylonian exile ended around 538 BCE under the rule of the Persian Cyrus the Great after he captured Babylon.[74][75] The Second Temple was constructed around 520 BCE.[74] As part of the Persian Empire, the former Kingdom of Judah became the province of Judah (Yehud Medinata) with different borders, covering a smaller territory.[76] The population of the province was greatly reduced from that of the kingdom, archaeological surveys showing a population of around 30,000 people in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE.[47]:308
Classical period
Main article: Second Temple period
Further information: Hasmonean dynasty, Herodian dynasty, and Jewish–Roman wars




Portion of the Temple Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls written during the Second Temple period


With successive Persian rule, the autonomous province Yehud Medinata was gradually developing back into urban society, largely dominated by Judeans. The Greek conquests largely skipped the region without any resistance or interest. Incorporated into Ptolemaic and finally Seleucid empires, the southern Levant was heavily hellenized, building the tensions between Judeans and Greeks. The conflict erupted in 167 BCE with the Maccabean Revolt, which succeeded in establishing an independent Hasmonean Kingdom in Judah, which later expanded over much of modern Israel, as the Seleucids gradually lost control in the region.




Masada fortress, location of the final battle in the First Jewish–Roman War


The Roman Empire invaded the region in 63 BCE, first taking control of Syria, and then intervening in the Hasmonean Civil War. The struggle between pro-Roman and pro-Parthian factions in Judea eventually led to the installation of Herod the Great and consolidation of the Herodian kingdom as a vassal Judean state of Rome. With the decline of the Herodian dynasty, Judea, transformed into a Roman province, became the site of a violent struggle of Jews against Greco-Romans, culminating in the Jewish–Roman wars, ending in wide-scale destruction, expulsions, and genocide. Jewish presence in the region significantly dwindled after the failure of the Bar Kokhba revolt against the Roman Empire in 132 CE.[77]
Nevertheless, there was a continuous small Jewish presence and Galilee became its religious center.[78][79] The Mishnah and part of the Talmud, central Jewish texts, were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem.[80] The region came to be populated predominantly by Greco-Romans on the coast and Samaritans in the hill-country. Christianity was gradually evolving over Roman paganism, when the area stood under Byzantine rule. Through the 5th and 6th centuries, the dramatic events of the repeated Samaritan revolts reshaped the land, with massive destruction to Byzantine Christian and Samaritan societies and a resulting decrease of the population. After the Persian conquest and the installation of a short-lived Jewish Commonwealth in 614 CE, the Byzantine Empire reconquered the country in 628.
Middle Ages and modern history
Further information: History of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages, Muslim history in Palestine, and Old Yishuv




Kfar Bar'am, an ancient Jewish village, abandoned some time between the 7th–13th centuries AD.[81]


In 634–641 CE, the region, including Jerusalem, was conquered by the Arabs who had just recently adopted Islam. Control of the region transferred between the Rashidun Caliphs, Umayyads, Abbasids, Fatimids, Seljuks, Crusaders, and Ayyubids throughout the next three centuries.[82]
During the siege of Jerusalem by the First Crusade in 1099, the Jewish inhabitants of the city fought side by side with the Fatimid garrison and the Muslim population who tried in vain to defend the city against the Crusaders. When the city fell, about 60,000 people were massacred, including 6,000 Jews seeking refuge in a synagogue.[83] At this time, a full thousand years after the fall of the Jewish state, there were Jewish communities all over the country. Fifty of them are known and include Jerusalem, Tiberias, Ramleh, Ashkelon, Caesarea, and Gaza.[84] According to Albert of Aachen, the Jewish residents of Haifa were the main fighting force of the city, and "mixed with Saracen [Fatimid] troops", they fought bravely for close to a month until forced into retreat by the Crusader fleet and land army.[85][86] However, Joshua Prawer expressed doubt over the story, noting that Albert did not attend the Crusades and that such a prominent role for the Jews is not mentioned by any other source.[87][undue weight? – discuss]




The 15th-century Abuhav synagogue, established by Sephardic Jews in Safed, Northern Israel.[88]


In 1165, Maimonides visited Jerusalem and prayed on the Temple Mount, in the "great, holy house."[89] In 1141 the Spanish-Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi issued a call for Jews to migrate to the Land of Israel, a journey he undertook himself. In 1187 Sultan Saladin, founder of the Ayyubid dynasty, defeated the Crusaders in the Battle of Hattin and subsequently captured Jerusalem and almost all of Palestine. In time, Saladin issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem,[90] and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."[91] Al-Harizi compared Saladin's decree allowing Jews to re-establish themselves in Jerusalem to the one issued by the Persian king Cyrus the Great over 1,600 years earlier.[92]
In 1211, the Jewish community in the country was strengthened by the arrival of a group headed by over 300 rabbis from France and England,[93] among them Rabbi Samson ben Abraham of Sens.[94] Nachmanides, the 13th-century Spanish rabbi and recognised leader of Jewry greatly praised the land of Israel and viewed its settlement as a positive commandment incumbent on all Jews. He wrote "If the gentiles wish to make peace, we shall make peace and leave them on clear terms; but as for the land, we shall not leave it in their hands, nor in the hands of any nation, not in any generation."[95]
In 1260, control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt.[96] The country was located between the two centres of Mamluk power, Cairo and Damascus, and only saw some development along the postal road connecting the two cities. Jerusalem, although left without the protection of any city walls since 1219, also saw a flurry of new construction projects centred around the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount. In 1266 the Mamluk Sultan Baybars converted the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron into an exclusive Islamic sanctuary and banned Christians and Jews from entering, which previously would be able to enter it for a fee. The ban remained in place until Israel took control of the building in 1967.[97][98]




Jews at the Western Wall, 1870s


In 1470, Isaac b. Meir Latif arrived from Italy and counted 150 Jewish families in Jerusalem.[99] Thanks to Joseph Saragossi who had arrived in the closing years of the 15th century, Safed and its environs had developed into the largest concentration of Jews in Palestine. With the help of the Sephardic immigration from Spain, the Jewish population had increased to 10,000 by the early 16th century.[100]
In 1516, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire; it remained under Turkish rule until the end of the First World War, when Britain defeated the Ottoman forces and set up a military administration across the former Ottoman Syria. In 1920 the territory was divided between Britain and France under the mandate system, and the British-administered area which included modern day Israel was named Mandatory Palestine.[96][101][102]
Zionism and British mandate
Further information: Zionism, Yishuv, Mandatory Palestine, and Balfour Declaration




Theodor Herzl, visionary of the Jewish state


Since the existence of the earliest Jewish diaspora, many Jews have aspired to return to "Zion" and the "Land of Israel",[103] though the amount of effort that should be spent towards such an aim was a matter of dispute.[104][105] The hopes and yearnings of Jews living in exile are an important theme of the Jewish belief system.[104] After the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, some communities settled in Palestine.[106] During the 16th century, Jewish communities struck roots in the Four Holy Cities—Jerusalem, Tiberias, Hebron, and Safed—and in 1697, Rabbi Yehuda Hachasid led a group of 1,500 Jews to Jerusalem.[107] In the second half of the 18th century, Eastern European opponents of Hasidism, known as the Perushim, settled in Palestine.[108][109][110]


"Therefore I believe that a wonderous generation of Jews will spring into existence. The Maccabaeans will rise again. Let me repeat once more my opening words: The Jews wish to have a State, and they shall have one. We shall live at last as free men on our own soil, and die peacefully in our own home. The world will be freed by our liberty, enriched by our wealth, magnified by our greatness. And whatever we attempt there to accomplish for our own welfare will react with beneficent force for the good of humanity."

Theodor Herzl (1896).  A Jewish State. Wikisource.   [scan]
The first wave of modern Jewish migration to Ottoman-ruled Palestine, known as the First Aliyah, began in 1881, as Jews fled pogroms in Eastern Europe.[111] Although the Zionist movement already existed in practice, Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl is credited with founding political Zionism,[112] a movement which sought to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel, thus offering a solution to the so-called Jewish question of the European states, in conformity with the goals and achievements of other national projects of the time.[113] In 1896, Herzl published Der Judenstaat (The Jewish State), offering his vision of a future Jewish state; the following year he presided over the First Zionist Congress.[114]
The Second Aliyah (1904–14), began after the Kishinev pogrom; some 40,000 Jews settled in Palestine, although nearly half of them left eventually.[111] Both the first and second waves of migrants were mainly Orthodox Jews,[115] although the Second Aliyah included socialist groups who established the kibbutz movement.[116] During World War I, British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour sent the Balfour Declaration of 1917 to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, that stated that Britain intended for the creation of a Jewish "national home" within the Palestinian Mandate.[117][118]
In 1918, the Jewish Legion, a group primarily of Zionist volunteers, assisted in the British conquest of Palestine.[119] Arab opposition to British rule and Jewish immigration led to the 1920 Palestine riots and the formation of a Jewish militia known as the Haganah (meaning "The Defense" in Hebrew), from which the Irgun and Lehi, or the Stern Gang, paramilitary groups later split off.[120] In 1922, the League of Nations granted Britain a mandate over Palestine under terms which included the Balfour Declaration with its promise to the Jews, and with similar provisions regarding the Arab Palestinians.[121] The population of the area at this time was predominantly Arab and Muslim, with Jews accounting for about 11%,[122] and Arab Christians at about 9.5% of the population.[123]
The Third (1919–23) and Fourth Aliyahs (1924–29) brought an additional 100,000 Jews to Palestine.[111] The rise of Nazism and the increasing persecution of Jews in 1930s Europe led to the Fifth Aliyah, with an influx of a quarter of a million Jews. This was a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–39 during which the British Mandate authorities alongside the Zionist militias of Haganah and Irgun killed 5,032 Arabs and wounded 14,760,[124][125] resulting in over ten percent of the adult male Palestinian Arab population killed, wounded, imprisoned or exiled.[126] The British introduced restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine with the White Paper of 1939. With countries around the world turning away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust, a clandestine movement known as Aliyah Bet was organized to bring Jews to Palestine.[111] By the end of World War II, the Jewish population of Palestine had increased to 33% of the total population.[127]
After World War II
Further information: Intercommunal conflict in Mandatory Palestine, United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, and Israeli Declaration of Independence
After World War II, Britain found itself in intense conflict with the Jewish community over Jewish immigration limits, as well as continued conflict with the Arab community over limit levels. The Haganah joined Irgun and Lehi in an armed struggle against British rule.[128] At the same time, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Holocaust survivors and refugees sought a new life far from their destroyed communities in Europe. The Yishuv attempted to bring these refugees to Palestine but many were turned away or rounded up and placed in detention camps in Atlit and Cyprus by the British.




UN Map, "Palestine plan of partition with economic union"


On 22 July 1946, Irgun attacked the British administrative headquarters for Palestine, which was housed in the southern wing[129] of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.[130][131][132] A total of 91 people of various nationalities were killed and 46 were injured.[133] The hotel was the site of the Secretariat of the Government of Palestine and the Headquarters of the British Armed Forces in Palestine and Transjordan.[133][134] The attack initially had the approval of the Haganah. It was conceived as a response to Operation Agatha (a series of widespread raids, including one on the Jewish Agency, conducted by the British authorities) and was the deadliest directed at the British during the Mandate era.[133][134] It was characterized as one of the "most lethal terrorist incidents of the twentieth century."[135] In 1947, the British government announced it would withdraw from Palestine, stating it was unable to arrive at a solution acceptable to both Arabs and Jews.
On 15 May 1947, the General Assembly of the newly formed United Nations resolved that the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine be created "to prepare for consideration at the next regular session of the Assembly a report on the question of Palestine."[136] In the Report of the Committee dated 3 September 1947 to the General Assembly,[137] the majority of the Committee in Chapter VI proposed a plan to replace the British Mandate with "an independent Arab State, an independent Jewish State, and the City of Jerusalem ... the last to be under an International Trusteeship System."[138] On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 181 (II) recommending the adoption and implementation of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union.[13] The plan attached to the resolution was essentially that proposed by the majority of the Committee in the report of 3 September. The Jewish Agency, which was the recognized representative of the Jewish community, accepted the plan.[14] The Arab League and Arab Higher Committee of Palestine rejected it, and indicated that they would reject any other plan of partition.[15][139] On the following day, 1 December 1947, the Arab Higher Committee proclaimed a three-day strike, and Arab gangs began attacking Jewish targets.[140] The Jews were initially on the defensive as civil war broke out, but in early April 1948 moved onto the offensive.[141][142] The Arab Palestinian economy collapsed and 250,000 Palestinian Arabs fled or were expelled.[143]




David Ben-Gurion proclaiming the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948


On 14 May 1948, the day before the expiration of the British Mandate, David Ben-Gurion, the head of the Jewish Agency, declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16][144] The only reference in the text of the Declaration to the borders of the new state is the use of the term Eretz-Israel ("Land of Israel").[145] The following day, the armies of four Arab countries—Egypt, Syria, Transjordan and Iraq—entered what had been British Mandatory Palestine, launching the 1948 Arab–Israeli War;[146][147] contingents from Yemen, Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Sudan joined the war.[148][149] The apparent purpose of the invasion was to prevent the establishment of the Jewish state at inception, and some Arab leaders talked about driving the Jews into the sea.[150][151][152] According to Benny Morris, Jews felt that the invading Arab armies aimed to slaughter the Jews.[153] The Arab league stated that the invasion was to restore law and order and to prevent further bloodshed.[154]




Raising of the Ink Flag, marking the end of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War


After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established.[155] Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip. The United Nations estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians were expelled by or fled from advancing Israeli forces during the conflict—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe").[156]
Early years of the State of Israel
Further information: Arab–Israeli conflict
Israel was admitted as a member of the United Nations by majority vote on 11 May 1949.[157] Both Israel and Jordan were genuinely interested in a peace agreement but the British acted as a brake on the Jordanian effort in order to avoid damaging British interests in Egypt.[158] In the early years of the state, the Labor Zionist movement led by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion dominated Israeli politics.[159][160] The Kibbutzim, or collective farming communities, played a pivotal role in establishing the new state.[161]
Immigration to Israel during the late 1940s and early 1950s was aided by the Israeli Immigration Department and the non-government sponsored Mossad LeAliyah Bet ("Institution for Illegal Immigration"[162]). Both groups facilitated regular immigration logistics like arranging transportation, but the latter also engaged in clandestine operations in countries, particularly in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, where the lives of Jews were believed to be in danger and exit from those places was difficult. Mossad LeAliyah Bet was disbanded in 1953.[163] The immigration was in accordance with the One Million Plan. The immigrants came for differing reasons. Some believed in a Zionist ideology or did it for the promise of a better life in Israel, while others moved to escape persecution or were expelled.[164][165]
An influx of Holocaust survivors and Jews from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel during the first three years increased the number of Jews from 700,000 to 1,400,000.[166] By 1958, the population of Israel rose to two million.[166] Between 1948 and 1970, approximately 1,150,000 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel.[167] Some new immigrants arrived as refugees with no possessions and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot; by 1952, over 200,000 people were living in these tent cities.[168] Jews of European background were often treated more favorably than Jews from Middle Eastern and North African countries—housing units reserved for the latter were often re-designated for the former, with the result that Jews newly arrived from Arab lands generally ended up staying in transit camps for longer.[169] Tensions that developed between the two groups over such discrimination persist to the present day.[170] During this period, food, clothes and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the austerity period. The need to solve the crisis led Ben-Gurion to sign a reparations agreement with West Germany that triggered mass protests by Jews angered at the idea that Israel could accept monetary compensation for the Holocaust.[171]


Play media


U.S. newsreel on the trial of Adolf Eichmann


During the 1950s, Israel was frequently attacked by Palestinian fedayeen, nearly always against civilians,[172] mainly from the Egyptian-occupied Gaza Strip,[173] leading to several Israeli counter-raids. In 1956, Great Britain and France aimed at regaining control of the Suez Canal, which the Egyptians had nationalized. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, together with the growing amount of Fedayeen attacks against Israel's southern population, and recent Arab grave and threatening statements, prompted Israel to attack Egypt.[174][175][176][177] Israel joined a secret alliance with Great Britain and France and overran the Sinai Peninsula but was pressured to withdraw by the United Nations in return for guarantees of Israeli shipping rights in the Red Sea via the Straits of Tiran and the Canal[citation needed].[178][179] The war, known as the Suez Crisis, resulted in significant reduction of Israeli border infiltration.[180][181][182][183] In the early 1960s, Israel captured Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina and brought him to Israel for trial.[184] The trial had a major impact on public awareness of the Holocaust.[185] Eichmann remains the only person executed in Israel by conviction in an Israeli civilian court.[186]




Territory held by Israel:
  before the Six-Day War
  after the war
The Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt in 1982.


Since 1964, Arab countries, concerned over Israeli plans to divert waters of the Jordan River into the coastal plain,[187] had been trying to divert the headwaters to deprive Israel of water resources, provoking tensions between Israel on the one hand, and Syria and Lebanon on the other. Arab nationalists led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser refused to recognize Israel, and called for its destruction.[17][188][189] By 1966, Israeli-Arab relations had deteriorated to the point of actual battles taking place between Israeli and Arab forces.[190] In May 1967, Egypt massed its army near the border with Israel, expelled UN peacekeepers, stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since 1957, and blocked Israel's access to the Red Sea.[191][192][193] Other Arab states mobilized their forces.[194] Israel reiterated that these actions were a casus belli and, on 5 June, launched a pre-emptive strike against Egypt. Jordan, Syria and Iraq responded and attacked Israel. In a Six-Day War, Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank, defeated Egypt and captured the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula, and defeated Syria and captured the Golan Heights.[195] Jerusalem's boundaries were enlarged, incorporating East Jerusalem, and the 1949 Green Line became the administrative boundary between Israel and the occupied territories.
Following the 1967 war and the "three nos" resolution of the Arab League, during the 1967–1970 War of Attrition Israel faced attacks from the Egyptians in the Sinai, and from Palestinian groups targeting Israelis in the occupied territories, in Israel proper, and around the world. Most important among the various Palestinian and Arab groups was the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to "armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland".[196][197] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Palestinian groups launched a wave of attacks[198][199] against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world,[200] including a massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The Israeli government responded with an assassination campaign against the organizers of the massacre, a bombing and a raid on the PLO headquarters in Lebanon.
On 6 October 1973, as Jews were observing Yom Kippur, the Egyptian and Syrian armies launched a surprise attack against Israeli forces in the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights, that opened the Yom Kippur War. The war ended on 25 October with Israel successfully repelling Egyptian and Syrian forces but having suffered over 2,500 soldiers killed in a war which collectively took 10–35,000 lives in about 20 days.[201] An internal inquiry exonerated the government of responsibility for failures before and during the war, but public anger forced Prime Minister Golda Meir to resign.[202] In July 1976 an airliner was hijacked during its flight from Israel to France by Palestinian guerrillas and landed at Entebbe, Uganda. Israeli commandos carried out an operation in which 102 out of 106 Israeli hostages were successfully rescued.
Further conflict and peace process
Further information: Israeli–Palestinian peace process
See also: One-state solution, Two-state solution, Three-state solution, and Lieberman Plan
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party.[203] Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state.[204] In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979).[205] In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[206]
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.




Israel's 1980 law declared that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel."[12]


Meanwhile, Begin's government provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank, increasing friction with the Palestinians in that area.[207] The Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel, passed in 1980, was believed by some to reaffirm Israel's 1967 annexation of Jerusalem by government decree, and reignited international controversy over the status of the city. No Israeli legislation has defined the territory of Israel and no act specifically included East Jerusalem therein.[208] The position of the majority of UN member states is reflected in numerous resolutions declaring that actions taken by Israel to settle its citizens in the West Bank, and impose its laws and administration on East Jerusalem, are illegal and have no validity.[209] In 1981 Israel annexed the Golan Heights, although annexation was not recognized internationally.[210] Israel's population diversity expanded in the 1980s and 1990s. Several waves of Ethiopian Jews immigrated to Israel since the 1980s, while between 1990 and 1994, immigration from the post-Soviet states increased Israel's population by twelve percent.[211]
On 7 June 1981, the Israeli air force destroyed Iraq's sole nuclear reactor under construction just outside Baghdad, in order to impede Iraq's nuclear weapons program. Following a series of PLO attacks in 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon that year to destroy the bases from which the PLO launched attacks and missiles into northern Israel.[212] In the first six days of fighting, the Israelis destroyed the military forces of the PLO in Lebanon and decisively defeated the Syrians. An Israeli government inquiry—the Kahan Commission—would later hold Begin, Sharon and several Israeli generals as indirectly responsible for the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 1985, Israel responded to a Palestinian terrorist attack in Cyprus by bombing the PLO headquarters in Tunisia. Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon in 1986, but maintained a borderland buffer zone in southern Lebanon until 2000, from where Israeli forces engaged in conflict with Hezbollah. The First Intifada, a Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule,[213] broke out in 1987, with waves of uncoordinated demonstrations and violence occurring in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. Over the following six years, the Intifada became more organised and included economic and cultural measures aimed at disrupting the Israeli occupation. More than a thousand people were killed in the violence.[214] During the 1991 Gulf War, the PLO supported Saddam Hussein and Iraqi Scud missile attacks against Israel. Despite public outrage, Israel heeded American calls to refrain from hitting back and did not participate in that war.[215][216]




Shimon Peres (left) with Yitzhak Rabin (center) and King Hussein of Jordan (right), prior to signing the Israel–Jordan peace treaty in 1994.


In 1992, Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister following an election in which his party called for compromise with Israel's neighbors.[217][218] The following year, Shimon Peres on behalf of Israel, and Mahmoud Abbas for the PLO, signed the Oslo Accords, which gave the Palestinian National Authority the right to govern parts of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[219] The PLO also recognized Israel's right to exist and pledged an end to terrorism.[220] In 1994, the Israel–Jordan peace treaty was signed, making Jordan the second Arab country to normalize relations with Israel.[221] Arab public support for the Accords was damaged by the continuation of Israeli settlements[222] and checkpoints, and the deterioration of economic conditions.[223] Israeli public support for the Accords waned as Israel was struck by Palestinian suicide attacks.[224] In November 1995, while leaving a peace rally, Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a far-right-wing Jew who opposed the Accords.[225]




The site of the 2001 Tel Aviv Dolphinarium discotheque massacre, in which 21 Israelis were killed.


Under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu at the end of the 1990s, Israel withdrew from Hebron,[226] and signed the Wye River Memorandum, giving greater control to the Palestinian National Authority.[227] Ehud Barak, elected Prime Minister in 1999, began the new millennium by withdrawing forces from Southern Lebanon and conducting negotiations with Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton at the 2000 Camp David Summit. During the summit, Barak offered a plan for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The proposed state included the entirety of the Gaza Strip and over 90% of the West Bank with Jerusalem as a shared capital.[228] Each side blamed the other for the failure of the talks. After a controversial visit by Likud leader Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount, the Second Intifada began. Some commentators contend that the uprising was pre-planned by Arafat due to the collapse of peace talks.[229][230][231][232] Sharon became prime minister in a 2001 special election. During his tenure, Sharon carried out his plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Gaza Strip and also spearheaded the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier,[233] ending the Intifada.[234][235] By this time 1,100 Israelis had been killed, mostly in suicide bombings.[236] The Palestinian fatalities, from 2000 to 2008, reached 4,791 killed by Israeli security forces, 44 killed by Israeli civilians, and 609 killed by Palestinians.[237]
In July 2006, a Hezbollah artillery assault on Israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two Israeli soldiers precipitated the month-long Second Lebanon War.[238][239] On 6 September 2007, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a nuclear reactor in Syria. At the end of 2008, Israel entered another conflict as a ceasefire between Hamas and Israel collapsed. The 2008–09 Gaza War lasted three weeks and ended after Israel announced a unilateral ceasefire.[240][241] Hamas announced its own ceasefire, with its own conditions of complete withdrawal and opening of border crossings. Despite neither the rocket launchings nor Israeli retaliatory strikes having completely stopped, the fragile ceasefire remained in order.[242] In what Israel described as a response to more than a hundred Palestinian rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities,[243] Israel began an operation in Gaza on 14 November 2012, lasting eight days.[244] Israel started another operation in Gaza following an escalation of rocket attacks by Hamas in July 2014.[245]
Geography and environment
Main articles: Geography of Israel and Wildlife of Israel

Geography of Israel



v
t
e



Golan
Heights
Galilee
Coastal
plain
Judaean
Mountains
Jordan
Valley
Negev
Levantine Sea
(Mediterranean)
Kinneret
Dead
Sea
Gulf
of Eilat
West
Bank
Gaza
Strip
Lebanon
Syria
Jordan
Egypt










Satellite images of Israel and neighboring territories during the day (left) and night (right)


Israel is located in the Levant area of the Fertile Crescent region. The country is at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, bounded by Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan and the West Bank to the east, and Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the southwest. It lies between latitudes 29° and 34° N, and longitudes 34° and 36° E.
The sovereign territory of Israel (according to the demarcation lines of the 1949 Armistice Agreements and excluding all territories captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War) is approximately 20,770 square kilometers (8,019 sq mi) in area, of which two percent is water.[2] However Israel is so narrow that the exclusive economic zone in the Mediterranean is double the land area of the country.[246] The total area under Israeli law, including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, is 22,072 square kilometers (8,522 sq mi),[247] and the total area under Israeli control, including the military-controlled and partially Palestinian-governed territory of the West Bank, is 27,799 square kilometers (10,733 sq mi).[248]
Despite its small size, Israel is home to a variety of geographic features, from the Negev desert in the south to the inland fertile Jezreel Valley, mountain ranges of the Galilee, Carmel and toward the Golan in the north. The Israeli coastal plain on the shores of the Mediterranean is home to most of the nation's population.[249] East of the central highlands lies the Jordan Rift Valley, which forms a small part of the 6,500-kilometer (4,039 mi) Great Rift Valley. The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley, from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea, the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.[250] Further south is the Arabah, ending with the Gulf of Eilat, part of the Red Sea. Unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula are makhteshim, or erosion cirques.[251] The largest makhtesh in the world is Ramon Crater in the Negev,[252] which measures 40 by 8 kilometers (25 by 5 mi).[253] A report on the environmental status of the Mediterranean Basin states that Israel has the largest number of plant species per square meter of all the countries in the basin.[254]
Tectonics and seismicity
Further information: List of earthquakes in the Levant
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Jordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, West Bank, Coastal Plain, and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region. The entire Jordan Valley segment is thought to have ruptured repeatedly, for instance during the last two major earthquakes along this structure in 749 and 1033. The deficit in slip that has built up since the 1033 event is sufficient to cause an earthquake of Mw~7.4.[255]
The most catastrophic earthquakes we know of occurred in 31 BCE, 363, 749, and 1033 CE, that is every ca. 400 years on average.[256] Destructive earthquakes leading to serious loss of life strike about every 80 years.[257] While stringent construction regulations are currently in place and recently built structures are earthquake-safe, as of 2007[update] the majority of the buildings in Israel were older than these regulations and many public buildings as well as 50,000 residential buildings did not meet the new standards and were "expected to collapse" if exposed to a strong quake.[257] Given the fragile political situation of the Middle East region and the presence there of major holy sites, a quake reaching magnitude 7 on the Richter scale could have dire consequences for world peace.[256]
Climate




Köppen climate classification map of Israel


Temperatures in Israel vary widely, especially during the winter. Coastal areas, such as those of Tel Aviv and Haifa, have a typical Mediterranean climate with cool, rainy winters and long, hot summers. The area of Beersheba and the Northern Negev have a semi-arid climate with hot summers, cool winters, and fewer rainy days than the Mediterranean climate. The Southern Negev and the Arava areas have a desert climate with very hot, dry summers, and mild winters with few days of rain. The highest temperature in the continent of Asia (54.0 °C or 129.2 °F) was recorded in 1942 at Tirat Zvi kibbutz in the northern Jordan River valley.[258][259]
At the other extreme, mountainous regions can be windy and cold, and areas at elevation of 750 meters or more (same elevation as Jerusalem) will usually receive at least one snowfall each year.[260] From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.[261][262] With scarce water resources, Israel has developed various water-saving technologies, including drip irrigation.[263] Israelis also take advantage of the considerable sunlight available for solar energy, making Israel the leading nation in solar energy use per capita (practically every house uses solar panels for water heating).[264]
Four different phytogeographic regions exist in Israel, due to the country's location between the temperate and tropical zones, bordering the Mediterranean Sea in the west and the desert in the east. For this reason, the flora and fauna of Israel are extremely diverse. There are 2,867 known species of plants found in Israel. Of these, at least 253 species are introduced and nonnative.[265] There are 380 Israeli nature reserves.[266]







Tiberias and the Sea of Galilee









Field of Anemone coronaria, national flower of Israel









Makhtesh Ramon, a type of crater unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula









Snow in Galilee









Flowers of Israel




Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Israel and Israelis


Religion in Israel


v
t
e




 Note: Until 1995, figures for Christians also included Others.[267]


In 2017, Israel's population was an estimated 8,680,600 people, of whom 6,484,000 (74.7%) were recorded by the civil government as Jews.[268] 1,808,000 Arabs comprised 20.8% of the population, while non-Arab Christians and people who have no religion listed in the civil registry made up 4.4%.[269][1] Over the last decade, large numbers of migrant workers from Romania, Thailand, China, Africa, and South America have settled in Israel. Exact figures are unknown, as many of them are living in the country illegally,[270] but estimates run in the region of 203,000.[24] By June 2012, approximately 60,000 African migrants had entered Israel.[271] About 92% of Israelis live in urban areas.[272]




Immigration to Israel in the years 1948–2015. The two peaks were in 1949 and 1990.


Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship.[273] Retention of Israel's population since 1948 is about even or greater, when compared to other countries with mass immigration.[274] Jewish emigration from Israel (called yerida in Hebrew), primarily to the United States and Canada, is described by demographers as modest,[275] but is often cited by Israeli government ministries as a major threat to Israel's future.[276][277]
Three quarters of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Approximately 76% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 16% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab world).[278] Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews,[279] form most of the rest of the Jewish population.[280][281][282] Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.[283] Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return.[284][285][286]
In 2015[update], 385,900 Israelis lived in West Bank settlements,[287] including those that predated the establishment of the State of Israel and which were re-established after the Six-Day War, in cities such as Hebron and Gush Etzion bloc. In addition, there were more than 200,000 Jews living in East Jerusalem,[288] and 20,000 in the Golan Heights.[287] The total number of Israeli settlers is over 600,000 (≈10% of the Jewish Israeli population). Approximately 7,800 Israelis lived in settlements in the Gaza Strip, known as Gush Katif, until they were evacuated by the government as part of its 2005 disengagement plan.[289]
Major urban areas
For a more comprehensive list, see List of cities in Israel.




Park Tzameret residential neighborhood in Tel Aviv.


There are four major metropolitan areas: Gush Dan (Tel Aviv metropolitan area; population 3,785,000), Jerusalem metropolitan area (population 1,223,800), Haifa metropolitan area (population 913,700), and Beersheba metropolitan area (population 369,200).[290]
Israel's largest municipality, in population and area, is Jerusalem with 865,721 residents in an area of 125 square kilometres (48 sq mi).[291] Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem, which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation.[292] Tel Aviv and Haifa rank as Israel's next most populous cities, with populations of 432,892 and 278,903, respectively.[291]
Israel has 15 cities with populations over 100,000. In all, there are 77 municipalities granted "city" status by the Ministry of Interior. Two more cities are planned: Kasif, a planned city to be built in the Negev, and Harish, originally a small town currently being built into a large city.




 


v
t
e


Largest cities in Israel
Israel Central Bureau of Statistics[291]




Rank
Name
District
Pop.
Rank
Name
District
Pop.




Jerusalem

Tel Aviv
1
Jerusalem
Jerusalem
865,721a
11
Ramat Gan
Tel Aviv
152,596

Haifa

Rishon LeZion


2
Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
432,892
12
Rehovot
Central
132,671


3
Haifa
Haifa
278,903
13
Ashkelon
Southern
130,660


4
Rishon LeZion
Central
243,973
14
Bat Yam
Tel Aviv
128,892


5
Petah Tikva
Central
230,984
15
Beit Shemesh
Jerusalem
103,922


6
Ashdod
Southern
220,174
16
Kfar Saba
Central
96,922


7
Netanya
Central
207,946
17
Herzliya
Tel Aviv
91,926


8
Beersheba
Southern
203,604
18
Hadera
Haifa
88,783


9
Holon
Tel Aviv
188,834
19
Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut
Central
88,749


10
Bnei Brak
Tel Aviv
182,799
20
Nazareth
Northern
75,726


^a This number includes East Jerusalem and West Bank areas. Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.
Language
Main article: Languages of Israel




Road sign in Hebrew, Arabic, and English


Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic.[2] Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken every day by the majority of the population. Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority, with Hebrew taught in Arab schools.
As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel),[293][294] Russian and Amharic are widely spoken.[295] More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the post-Soviet states between 1990 and 2004.[296] French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis,[297] mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews). English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the establishment of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language,[298][299][300] as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects.[301]
Religion
Main articles: Religion in Israel and Abrahamic religions




The Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall, Jerusalem.


Israel comprises a major part of the Holy Land, a region of significant importance to all Abrahamic religions – Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druze and Bahá'í Faith.
The religious affiliation of Israeli Jews varies widely: a social survey indicates that 49% self-identify as Hiloni (secular), 29% as Masorti (traditional), 13% as Dati (Orthodox) and 9% as Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).[302] Haredi Jews are expected to represent more than 20% of Israel's Jewish population by 2028.[303]




9th Station of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa street in Jerusalem. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the background is venerated by Christians as the site of the Burial of Jesus.[304]


Making up 17.6% of the population, Muslims constitute Israel's largest religious minority. About 2% of the population is Christian and 1.6% is Druze.[2] The Christian population primarily comprises Arab Christians, but also includes post-Soviet immigrants, the foreign laborers of multinational origins, and followers of Messianic Judaism, considered by most Christians and Jews to be a form of Christianity.[305] Members of many other religious groups, including Buddhists and Hindus, maintain a presence in Israel, albeit in small numbers.[306] Out of more than one million immigrants from the former Soviet Union, about 300,000 are considered not Jewish by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.[307]
The city of Jerusalem is of special importance to Jews, Muslims and Christians as it is the home of sites that are pivotal to their religious beliefs, such as the Old City that incorporates the Western Wall and the Temple Mount, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.[308] Other locations of religious importance in Israel are Nazareth (holy in Christianity as the site of the Annunciation of Mary), Tiberias and Safed (two of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism), the White Mosque in Ramla (holy in Islam as the shrine of the prophet Saleh), and the Church of Saint George in Lod (holy in Christianity and Islam as the tomb of Saint George or Al Khidr). A number of other religious landmarks are located in the West Bank, among them Joseph's Tomb in Nablus, the birthplace of Jesus and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem, and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The administrative center of the Bahá'í Faith and the Shrine of the Báb are located at the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa; the leader of the faith is buried in Acre. Apart from maintenance staff, there is no Bahá'í community in Israel, although it is a destination for pilgrimages. Bahá'í staff in Israel do not teach their faith to Israelis following strict policy.[309][310][311] A few miles south of the Bahá'í World Centre is Mahmood Mosque affiliated with the reformist Ahmadiyya movement. Kababir, Haifa's mixed neighbourhood of Jews and Ahmadi Arabs is the only one of its kind in the country.[312][313]
Education
Main article: Education in Israel




Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center at Bar-Ilan University


Education is highly valued in the Israeli culture and was viewed as a fundamental block of ancient Israelites.[314] Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents was responsible.[315] Many international business leaders such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development and technological boom.[316][317][318] In 2015, the country ranked third among OECD members (after Canada and Japan) for the percentage of 25–64 year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 49% compared with the OECD average of 35%.[30] In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).[319][320]
Israel has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 97.8%.[2] The State Education Law, passed in 1953, established five types of schools: state secular, state religious, ultra orthodox, communal settlement schools, and Arab schools. The public secular is the largest school group, and is attended by the majority of Jewish and non-Arab pupils in Israel. Most Arabs send their children to schools where Arabic is the language of instruction.[321] Education is compulsory in Israel for children between the ages of three and eighteen.[322][323] Schooling is divided into three tiers – primary school (grades 1–6), middle school (grades 7–9), and high school (grades 10–12) – culminating with Bagrut matriculation exams. Proficiency in core subjects such as mathematics, the Hebrew language, Hebrew and general literature, the English language, history, Biblical scripture and civics is necessary to receive a Bagrut certificate.[324] Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations.[325][326] Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world.[327][328] In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage.[329] Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system",[330] since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel.[331] Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level.[332] Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states.[333] In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.[334]




Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Israel has nine public universities that are subsidized by the state and 49 private colleges.[324][335][336] The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel's second-oldest university after the Technion,[337][338] houses the National Library of Israel, the world's largest repository of Judaica and Hebraica.[339] The Technion and the Hebrew University consistently ranked among world's 100 top universities by the prestigious ARWU academic ranking.[340] Other major universities in the country include the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Bar-Ilan University, the University of Haifa and the Open University of Israel. Ariel University, in the West Bank, is the newest university institution, upgraded from college status, and the first in over thirty years.
Politics
Main articles: Politics of Israel and Israeli system of government
See also: Criticism of the Israeli government




President
Reuven Rivlin



Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu








The Knesset chamber, home to the Israeli parliament


Israel is a parliamentary democracy with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet.[341][342] Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties,[343] with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments. Parliamentary elections are scheduled every four years, but unstable coalitions or a no-confidence vote by the Knesset can dissolve a government earlier. The Basic Laws of Israel function as an uncodified constitution. In 2003, the Knesset began to draft an official constitution based on these laws.[2][344] The president of Israel is head of state, with limited and largely ceremonial duties.[341]
Israel has no official religion,[345][346][347] but the definition of the state as "Jewish and democratic" creates a strong connection with Judaism, as well as a conflict between state law and religious law. Interaction between the political parties keeps the balance between state and religion largely as it existed during the British Mandate.[348]
Legal system
Main articles: Judiciary of Israel and Israeli law




Supreme Court of Israel, Givat Ram, Jerusalem


Israel has a three-tier court system. At the lowest level are magistrate courts, situated in most cities across the country. Above them are district courts, serving as both appellate courts and courts of first instance; they are situated in five of Israel's six districts. The third and highest tier is the Supreme Court, located in Jerusalem; it serves a dual role as the highest court of appeals and the High Court of Justice. In the latter role, the Supreme Court rules as a court of first instance, allowing individuals, both citizens and non-citizens, to petition against the decisions of state authorities.[349][350] Although Israel supports the goals of the International Criminal Court, it has not ratified the Rome Statute, citing concerns about the ability of the court to remain free from political impartiality.[351]
Israel's legal system combines three legal traditions: English common law, civil law, and Jewish law.[2] It is based on the principle of stare decisis (precedent) and is an adversarial system, where the parties in the suit bring evidence before the court. Court cases are decided by professional judges rather than juries.[349] Marriage and divorce are under the jurisdiction of the religious courts: Jewish, Muslim, Druze, and Christian. The election of judges is carried out by a committee of two Knesset members, three Supreme Court justices, two Israeli Bar members and two ministers (one of which, Israel's justice minister, is the committee's chairman). The committee's members of the Knesset are secretly elected by the Knesset, and one of them is traditionally a member of the opposition, the committee's Supreme Court justices are chosen by tradition from all Supreme Court justices by seniority, the Israeli Bar members are elected by the bar, and the second minister is appointed by the Israeli cabinet. The current justice minister and committee's chairwoman is Ayelet Shaked.[352][353][354] Administration of Israel's courts (both the "General" courts and the Labor Courts) is carried by the Administration of Courts, situated in Jerusalem. Both General and Labor courts are paperless courts: the storage of court files, as well as court decisions, are conducted electronically. Israel's Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty seeks to defend human rights and liberties in Israel.
Administrative divisions
Main article: Districts of Israel

Districts of Israel
North
Haifa
Center
Tel Aviv
Judea
and
Samaria
Jerusalem
South



v
t
e




The State of Israel is divided into six main administrative districts, known as mehozot (מחוזות; singular: mahoz) – Center, Haifa, Jerusalem, North, South, and Tel Aviv districts, as well as the Judea and Samaria Area in the West Bank. All of the Judea and Samaria Area and parts of the Jerusalem and Northern districts are not recognized internationally as part of Israel. Districts are further divided into fifteen sub-districts known as nafot (נפות; singular: nafa), which are themselves partitioned into fifty natural regions.[355]


District
Capital
Largest city
Population[287]


Jews
Arabs
Total
note


Jerusalem
Jerusalem
7001670000000000000♠67%
7001320000000000000♠32%
1058000 !1,058,000
a


North
Nazareth Illit
Nazareth
7001430000000000000♠43%
7001540000000000000♠54%
1380400 !1,380,400



Haifa
Haifa
7001680000000000000♠68%
7001260000000000000♠26%
0981300 !981,300



Center
Ramla
Rishon LeZion
7001880000000000000♠88%
7000800000000000000♠8%
2071500 !2,071,500



Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
7001930000000000000♠93%
7000100000000000000♠1%
1368800 !1,368,800



South
Beersheba
Ashdod
7001730000000000000♠73%
7001200000000000000♠20%
1217500 !1,217,500



Judea and Samaria
Ariel
Modi'in Illit
7001980000000000000♠98%
5000000000000000000♠0%
0385900 !385,900
b



^a Including 201,170 Jews and 313,350 Arabs in East Jerusalem, as of 2014[update].[288]
^b Israeli citizens only.

Israeli-occupied territories
Main article: Israeli-occupied territories




Map of Israel showing the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, and the Golan Heights


In 1967, as a result of the Six-Day War, Israel captured and occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. Israel also captured the Sinai Peninsula, but returned it to Egypt as part of the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.[356] Between 1982 and 2000, Israel occupied part of southern Lebanon, in what was known as the Security Belt. Since Israel's capture of these territories, Israeli settlements and military installations have been built within each of them, except Lebanon. Israel has applied civilian law to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem and granted their inhabitants permanent residency status and the ability to apply for citizenship. The West Bank, outside of the Israeli settlements within the territory, has remained under direct military rule, and Palestinians in this area cannot become Israeli citizens. Israel withdrew its military forces and dismantled the Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip as part of its disengagement from Gaza though it continues to maintain control of its airspace and waters.
The UN Security Council has declared the annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem to be "null and void" and continues to view the territories as occupied.[357][358] The International Court of Justice, principal judicial organ of the United Nations, asserted, in its 2004 advisory opinion on the legality of the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier, that the lands captured by Israel in the Six-Day War, including East Jerusalem, are occupied territory.[359] The status of East Jerusalem in any future peace settlement has at times been a difficult issue in negotiations between Israeli governments and representatives of the Palestinians, as Israel views it as its sovereign territory, as well as part of its capital. Most negotiations relating to the territories have been on the basis of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which emphasises "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war", and calls on Israel to withdraw from occupied territories in return for normalization of relations with Arab states, a principle known as "Land for peace".[360][361][362]
According to some observers,[weasel words] Israel has engaged in systematic and widespread violations of human rights in the occupied territories, including the occupation itself[363] and war crimes against civilians.[364][365][366][367] The allegations include violations of international humanitarian law[368] by the United Nations Human Rights Council,[369] with local residents having "limited ability to hold governing authorities accountable for such abuses" by the U.S. State Department,[370] mass arbitrary arrests, torture, unlawful killings, systemic abuses and impunity by Amnesty International and others[371][372][373][374][375][376] and a denial of the right to Palestinian self-determination.[377][378][379][380][381][excessive detail?] In response to such allegations, Prime Minister Netanyahu has defended the country's security forces for protecting the innocent from terrorists[382] and expressed contempt for what he describes as a lack of concern about the human rights violations committed by "criminal killers".[383] Some observers, such as Israeli officials, scholars,[384] United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley[385][386] and UN secretary-generals Ban Ki-moon[387] and Kofi Annan,[388] also assert that the UN is disproportionately concerned with Israeli misconduct.[excessive detail?]




Israeli West Bank barrier separating Israel and the West Bank


The West Bank was occupied and annexed by Jordan in 1950, following the Arab rejection of the UN decision to create two states in Palestine. Only Britain recognized this annexation and Jordan has since ceded its claim to the territory to the PLO. The population are mainly Palestinians, including refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.[389] From their occupation in 1967 until 1993, the Palestinians living in these territories were under Israeli military administration. Since the Israel–PLO letters of recognition, most of the Palestinian population and cities have been under the internal jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, and only partial Israeli military control, although Israel has on several occasions redeployed its troops and reinstated full military administration during periods of unrest. In response to increasing attacks during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government started to construct the Israeli West Bank barrier.[390] When completed, approximately 13% of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line or in Israel with 87% inside the West Bank.[391][392]
The Gaza Strip was occupied by Egypt from 1948 to 1967 and then by Israel after 1967. In 2005, as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, Israel removed all of its settlers and forces from the territory. Israel does not consider the Gaza Strip to be occupied territory and declared it a "foreign territory". That view has been disputed by numerous international humanitarian organizations and various bodies of the United Nations.[393][394][395][396][397] Following the 2007 Battle of Gaza, when Hamas assumed power in the Gaza Strip,[398] Israel tightened its control of the Gaza crossings along its border, as well as by sea and air, and prevented persons from entering and exiting the area except for isolated cases it deemed humanitarian.[398] Gaza has a border with Egypt and an agreement between Israel, the European Union and the PA governed how border crossing would take place (it was monitored by European observers).[399]
Foreign relations
Main articles: Foreign relations of Israel and International recognition of Israel




  Diplomatic relations
  Diplomatic relations suspended
  Former diplomatic relations
  No diplomatic relations, but former trade relations
  No diplomatic relations



Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 countries and has 107 diplomatic missions around the world;[400] countries with whom they have no diplomatic relations include most Muslim countries.[401] Only three members of the Arab League have normalized relations with Israel: Egypt and Jordan signed peace treaties in 1979 and 1994, respectively, and Mauritania opted for full diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Despite the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, Israel is still widely considered an enemy country among Egyptians.[402] Under Israeli law, Lebanon, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, and Yemen are enemy countries,[403] and Israeli citizens may not visit them without permission from the Ministry of the Interior.[404] Iran had diplomatic relations with Israel under the Pahlavi dynasty[405] but withdrew its recognition of Israel during the Islamic Revolution.[406] As a result of the 2008–09 Gaza War, Mauritania, Qatar, Bolivia, and Venezuela suspended political and economic ties with Israel.[407][408]
The United States and the Soviet Union were the first two countries to recognize the State of Israel, having declared recognition roughly simultaneously.[409] The United States regards Israel as its "most reliable partner in the Middle East,"[410] based on "common democratic values, religious affinities, and security interests".[411] The United States has provided $68 billion in military assistance and $32 billion in grants to Israel since 1967, under the Foreign Assistance Act (period beginning 1962),[412] more than any other country for that period until 2003.[412][413][414] The United Kingdom is seen as having a "natural" relationship with Israel on account of the British Mandate for Palestine.[415] Relations between the two countries were also made stronger by former prime minister Tony Blair's efforts for a two state resolution. By 2007[update], Germany had paid 25 billion euros in reparations to the Israeli state and individual Israeli Holocaust survivors.[416] Israel is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.[417]
Although Turkey and Israel did not establish full diplomatic relations until 1991,[418] Turkey has cooperated with the Jewish state since its recognition of Israel in 1949. Turkey's ties to the other Muslim-majority nations in the region have at times resulted in pressure from Arab and Muslim states to temper its relationship with Israel.[419] Relations between Turkey and Israel took a downturn after the 2008–09 Gaza War and Israel's raid of the Gaza flotilla.[420] Relations between Greece and Israel have improved since 1995 due to the decline of Israeli-Turkish relations.[421] The two countries have a defense cooperation agreement and in 2010, the Israeli Air Force hosted Greece's Hellenic Air Force in a joint exercise at the Uvda base. The joint Cyprus-Israel oil and gas explorations centered on the Leviathan gas field are an important factor for Greece, given its strong links with Cyprus.[422] Cooperation in the world's longest sub-sea electric power cable, the EuroAsia Interconnector, has strengthened relations between Cyprus and Israel.[423]
Azerbaijan is one of the few majority Muslim countries to develop bilateral strategic and economic relations with Israel. Azerbaijan supplies Israel with a substantial amount of its oil needs, and Israel has helped modernize the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan. India established full diplomatic ties with Israel in 1992 and has fostered a strong military, technological and cultural partnership with the country since then.[424] According to an international opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world.[425][426] India is the largest customer of the Israeli military equipment and Israel is the second-largest military partner of India after Russia.[427] Ethiopia is Israel's main ally in Africa due to common political, religious and security interests.[428] Israel provides expertise to Ethiopia on irrigation projects and thousands of Ethiopian Jews live in Israel.
International humanitarian efforts
Israeli foreign aid ranks low among OECD nations, spending less than 0.1% of its GNI on development assistance, as opposed to the recommended 0.7%. The country also ranked 43rd in the 2016 World Giving Index.[429] However, Israel has a history of providing emergency aid and humanitarian response teams to disasters across the world.[430] Israel's humanitarian efforts officially began in 1957, with the establishment of Mashav, the Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation.[431] There are additional Israeli humanitarian and emergency response groups that work with the Israel government, including IsraAid, a joint programme run by 14 Israeli organizations and North American Jewish groups,[432] ZAKA,[433] The Fast Israeli Rescue and Search Team (FIRST),[434] Israeli Flying Aid (IFA),[435] Save a Child's Heart (SACH)[436] and Latet.[437]
Between 1985 and 2015, Israel sent 24 delegations of IDF search and rescue unit, the Home Front Command, to 22 countries.[438] In Haiti, immediately following the 2010 earthquake, Israel was the first country to set up a field hospital capable of performing surgical operations.[439] Israel sent over 200 medical doctors and personnel to start treating injured Haitians at the scene.[440] At the conclusion of its humanitarian mission 11 days later,[441] the Israeli delegation had treated more than 1,110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births and rescued or assisted in the rescue of four individuals.[442][443] Despite radiation concerns, Israel was one of the first countries to send a medical delegation to Japan following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster.[444] Israel dispatched a medical team to the tsunami-stricken city of Kurihara in 2011. A medical clinic run by an IDF team of some 50 members featured pediatric, surgical, maternity and gynecological, and otolaryngology wards, together with an optometry department, a laboratory, a pharmacy and an intensive care unit. After treating 200 patients in two weeks, the departing emergency team donated its equipment to the Japanese.[445]
Military
Main articles: Israel Defense Forces and Israeli security forces
Further information: List of wars involving Israel, List of the Israel Defense Forces operations, and Israel and weapons of mass destruction
The Israel Defense Forces is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Cabinet. The IDF consist of the army, air force and navy. It was founded during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by consolidating paramilitary organizations—chiefly the Haganah—that preceded the establishment of the state.[446] The IDF also draws upon the resources of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman), which works with Mossad and Shabak.[447] The Israel Defense Forces have been involved in several major wars and border conflicts in its short history, making it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world.[448][449]




IDF soldiers cleaning the beaches at Tel Aviv, which have scored highly in environmental tests.[450]


Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years.[451] Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their forties. Most women are exempt from reserve duty. Arab citizens of Israel (except the Druze) and those engaged in full-time religious studies are exempt from military service, although the exemption of yeshiva students has been a source of contention in Israeli society for many years.[452][453] An alternative for those who receive exemptions on various grounds is Sherut Leumi, or national service, which involves a program of service in hospitals, schools and other social welfare frameworks.[454] As a result of its conscription program, the IDF maintains approximately 176,500 active troops and an additional 445,000 reservists.[455]




Iron Dome is the world's first operational anti-artillery rocket defense system.


The nation's military relies heavily on high-tech weapons systems designed and manufactured in Israel as well as some foreign imports. The Arrow missile is one of the world's few operational anti-ballistic missile systems.[456] The Python air-to-air missile series is often considered one of the most crucial weapons in its military history.[457] Israel's Spike missile is one of the most widely exported ATGMs in the world.[458] Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile air defense system gained worldwide acclaim after intercepting hundreds of Qassam, 122 mm Grad and Fajr-5 artillery rockets fire by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip.[459][460] Since the Yom Kippur War, Israel has developed a network of reconnaissance satellites.[461] The success of the Ofeq program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching such satellites.[462]
Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons[463] as well as chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.[464] Israel has not signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons[465] and maintains a policy of deliberate ambiguity toward its nuclear capabilities.[466] The Israeli Navy's Dolphin submarines are believed to be armed with nuclear Popeye Turbo missiles, offering second-strike capability.[467] Since the Gulf War in 1991, when Israel was attacked by Iraqi Scud missiles, all homes in Israel are required to have a reinforced security room, Merkhav Mugan, impermeable to chemical and biological substances.[468]
Since Israel's establishment, military expenditure constituted a significant portion of the country's gross domestic product, with peak of 30.3% of GDP spent on defense in 1975.[469] In 2015, Israel ranked 7th in the world by defense spending as a percentage of GDP, with 5.4%,[470] and 15th by total military expenditure.[471] Since 1974, the United States has been a particularly notable contributor of military aid to Israel.[472] Under a memorandum of understanding signed in 2016, the U.S. is expected to provide the country with $3.8 billion per year, or around 20% of Israel's defense budget, from 2018 to 2028.[473] Israel ranked 7th globally for arms exports in 2016.[474] The majority of Israel's arms exports are unreported for security reasons.[475] Israel is consistently rated low in the Global Peace Index, ranking 144th out of 163 nations for peacefulness in 2017.[476]
Economy
Main article: Economy of Israel




The Diamond Exchange District in Ramat Gan


Israel is considered the most advanced country in Southwest Asia and the Middle East in economic and industrial development.[477] Israel's quality university education and the establishment of a highly motivated and educated populace is largely responsible for spurring the country's high technology boom and rapid economic development.[316] In 2010, it joined the OECD.[29][478] The country is ranked 24th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report[479] and 52nd on the World Bank's Doing Business index.[480] It has the second-largest number of startup companies in the world after the United States,[481] and the third-largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies after the U.S. and China.[482] In 2016, Israel ranked 21st among the world's most competitive nations, according to the IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook.[483] Israel was also ranked 4th in the world by share of people in high-skilled employment.[484]




Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Its building is optimized for computer trading, with systems located in an underground bunker to keep the exchange active during emergencies.[485]


Despite limited natural resources, intensive development of the agricultural and industrial sectors over the past decades has made Israel largely self-sufficient in food production, apart from grains and beef. Imports to Israel, totaling $57.9 billion in 2016, include raw materials, military equipment, investment goods, rough diamonds, fuels, grain, and consumer goods.[2] Leading exports include machinery and equipment, software, cut diamonds, agricultural products, chemicals, and textiles and apparel; in 2016, Israeli exports reached $51.61 billion.[2]
The Bank of Israel holds $97.22 billion of foreign-exchange reserves.[2] Since the 1970s, Israel has received military aid from the United States, as well as economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees, which now account for roughly half of Israel's external debt. Israel has one of the lowest external debts in the developed world, and is a lender in terms of net external debt (assets vs. liabilities abroad), which in 2015[update] stood at a surplus of $69 billion.[486] Israel has an impressive record for creating profit driven technologies making the country a top choice for many business leaders and high technology industry giants. Intel[487] and Microsoft[488] built their first overseas research and development facilities in Israel, and other high-tech multi-national corporations, such as IBM, Google, Apple, HP, Cisco Systems, Facebook and Motorola have opened R&D centres in the country. In 2007, American investor Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought an Israeli company, Iscar, its first acquisition outside the United States, for $4 billion.[489]
Days of working time in Israel are Sunday through Thursday (for a five-day workweek), or Friday (for a six-day workweek). In observance of Shabbat, in places where Friday is a work day and the majority of population is Jewish, Friday is a "short day", usually lasting till 14:00 in the winter, or 16:00 in the summer. Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world, and make Sunday a non-working day, while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day.[490]
Science and technology
Main articles: Science and technology in Israel and List of Israeli inventions and discoveries




Materials science professor Dan Shechtman is one of six Israelis to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in under a decade.[491]


Israel's development of cutting-edge technologies in software, communications and the life sciences have evoked comparisons with Silicon Valley.[492][493] Israel ranks 10th in the Bloomberg Innovation Index,[494] and is 2nd in the world in expenditure on research and development as a percentage of GDP.[495] Israel boasts 140 scientists, technicians, and engineers per 10,000 employees, the highest number in the world (in comparison, the same is 85 for the U.S.).[496][497][498] Israel has produced six Nobel Prize-winning scientists since 2004[491] and has been frequently ranked as one of the countries with the highest ratios of scientific papers per capita in the world.[499][500][501] Israel has led the world in stem-cell research papers per capita since 2000.[502] Israeli universities are ranked among the top 50 world universities in computer science (Technion and Tel Aviv University), mathematics (Hebrew University of Jerusalem) and chemistry (Weizmann Institute of Science).[340]




IAI Lavi, technology demonstrator.


In 2012 Israel was ranked ninth in the world by the Futron's Space Competitiveness Index.[503] The Israel Space Agency coordinates all Israeli space research programs with scientific and commercial goals, and have indigenously designed and built at least 13 commercial, research and spy satellites.[504] Some of Israel's satellites are ranked among the world's most advanced space systems.[505] Shavit is a space launch vehicle produced by Israel to launch small satellites into low Earth orbit.[506] It was first launched in 1988, making Israel the eighth nation to have a space launch capability. In 2003, Ilan Ramon became Israel's first astronaut, serving as payload specialist of STS-107, the fatal mission of the Space Shuttle Columbia.[507]
The ongoing shortage of water in the country has spurred innovation in water conservation techniques, and a substantial agricultural modernization, drip irrigation, was invented in Israel. Israel is also at the technological forefront of desalination and water recycling. The Sorek desalination plant is the largest seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination facility in the world.[508] By 2014, Israel's desalination programs provided roughly 35% of Israel's drinking water and it is expected to supply 40% by 2015 and 70% by 2050.[509] As of 2015, more than 50 percent of the water for Israeli households, agriculture and industry is artificially produced.[510] The country hosts an annual Water Technology and Environmental Control Exhibition & Conference (WATEC) that attracts thousands of people from across the world.[511][512] In 2011, Israel's water technology industry was worth around $2 billion a year with annual exports of products and services in the tens of millions of dollars. As a result of innovations in reverse osmosis technology, Israel is set to become a net exporter of water in the coming years.[513]




The world's largest solar parabolic dish at the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center.[514]


Israel has embraced solar energy; its engineers are on the cutting edge of solar energy technology[515] and its solar companies work on projects around the world.[516][517] Over 90% of Israeli homes use solar energy for hot water, the highest per capita in the world.[264][518] According to government figures, the country saves 8% of its electricity consumption per year because of its solar energy use in heating.[519] The high annual incident solar irradiance at its geographic latitude creates ideal conditions for what is an internationally renowned solar research and development industry in the Negev Desert.[515][516][517] Israel had a modern electric car infrastructure involving a countrywide network of charging stations to facilitate the charging and exchange of car batteries. It was thought that this would have lowered Israel's oil dependency and lowered the fuel costs of hundreds of Israel's motorists that use cars powered only by electric batteries.[520][521][522] The Israeli model was being studied by several countries and being implemented in Denmark and Australia.[523] However, Israel's trailblazing electric car company Better Place shut down in 2013.[524]
Transportation
Main article: Transport in Israel




Reception hall at Ben Gurion Airport


Israel has 19,224 kilometres (11,945 mi) of paved roads,[525] and 3 million motor vehicles.[526] The number of motor vehicles per 1,000 persons is 365, relatively low with respect to developed countries.[526] Israel has 5,715 buses on scheduled routes,[527] operated by several carriers, the largest of which is Egged, serving most of the country. Railways stretch across 1,277 kilometres (793 mi) and are operated solely by government-owned Israel Railways.[528] Following major investments beginning in the early to mid-1990s, the number of train passengers per year has grown from 2.5 million in 1990, to 53 million in 2015; railways are also transporting 7.5 million tons of cargo, per year.[528]
Israel is served by two international airports, Ben Gurion Airport, the country's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv, and Ovda Airport, which serves the southernmost port city of Eilat. There are several small domestic airports as well.[529] Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, handled over 15 million passengers in 2015.[530] On the Mediterranean coast, the Port of Haifa is the country's oldest and largest port, while Ashdod Port is one of the few deep water ports in the world built on the open sea.[529] In addition to these, the smaller Port of Eilat is situated on the Red Sea, and is used mainly for trading with Far East countries.[529]
Tourism
Main article: Tourism in Israel




Mount Hermon ski resort, which in peak season can attract more than 12,000 visitors each day.


Tourism, especially religious tourism, is an important industry in Israel, with the country's temperate climate, beaches, archaeological, other historical and biblical sites, and unique geography also drawing tourists. Israel's security problems have taken their toll on the industry, but the number of incoming tourists is on the rebound.[531] In 2013, a record of 3.54 million tourists visited Israel with the most popular site of attraction being the Western Wall with 68% of tourists visiting there.[532][533]
Energy
Main article: Energy in Israel
In 2009, a natural gas reserve, Tamar was found near the coast of Israel. A second natural gas reserve, Leviathan, was discovered in 2010.[534]
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.[535] In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.[536] The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.[537]
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million.[538]
Culture
Main article: Culture of Israel
Israel's diverse culture stems from the diversity of its population: Jews from diaspora communities around the world have brought their cultural and religious traditions back with them, creating a melting pot of Jewish customs and beliefs.[539] Israel is the only country in the world where life revolves around the Hebrew calendar. Work and school holidays are determined by the Jewish holidays, and the official day of rest is Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath.[540] Israel's substantial Arab minority has also left its imprint on Israeli culture in such spheres as architecture,[541] music,[542] and cuisine.[543]
Literature
Main article: Israeli literature




Shmuel Yosef Agnon, laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature






Amos Oz's works have been translated into 36 languages, more than any other Israeli writer.[544]


Israeli literature is primarily poetry and prose written in Hebrew, as part of the renaissance of Hebrew as a spoken language since the mid-19th century, although a small body of literature is published in other languages, such as English. By law, two copies of all printed matter published in Israel must be deposited in the National Library of Israel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2001, the law was amended to include audio and video recordings, and other non-print media.[545] In 2015, 85 percent of the 7,843 books transferred to the library were in Hebrew.[546] The Hebrew Book Week is held each June and features book fairs, public readings, and appearances by Israeli authors around the country. During the week, Israel's top literary award, the Sapir Prize, is presented.[citation needed]
In 1966, Shmuel Yosef Agnon shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with German Jewish author Nelly Sachs.[547] Leading Israeli poets have been Yehuda Amichai, Nathan Alterman and Rachel Bluwstein. Internationally famous contemporary Israeli novelists include Amos Oz, Etgar Keret and David Grossman. The Israeli-Arab satirist Sayed Kashua (who writes in Hebrew) is also internationally known.[citation needed] Israel has also been the home of two leading Palestinian poets and writers: Emile Habibi, whose novel The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist, and other writings, won him the Israel prize for Arabic literature; and Mahmoud Darwish, considered by many to be "the Palestinian national poet."[548] Darwish was born and raised in northern Israel, but lived his adult life abroad after joining the Palestine Liberation Organization.[citation needed]
Music and dance
Main articles: Music of Israel and Dance in Israel




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta


Israeli music contains musical influences from all over the world; Mizrahi and Sephardic music, Hasidic melodies, Greek music, jazz, and pop rock are all part of the music scene.[549][550] Among Israel's world-renowned[551][552] orchestras is the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been in operation for over seventy years and today performs more than two hundred concerts each year.[553] Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Ofra Haza are among the internationally acclaimed musicians born in Israel.[citation needed] Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nearly every year since 1973, winning the competition three times and hosting it twice.[554][555] Eilat has hosted its own international music festival, the Red Sea Jazz Festival, every summer since 1987.[556] Israel is home to many Palestinian musicians, including an oud group Le Trio Joubran and singer Amal Murkus. The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance has an advanced degree program in Arabic music, headed by oud virtuoso Taiseer Elias.[citation needed]




Celebrated Israeli ballet dancers Valery and Galina Panov, who founded the Ballet Panov, in Ashdod[557]


The nation's canonical folk songs, known as "Songs of the Land of Israel," deal with the experiences of the pioneers in building the Jewish homeland.[558] The Hora circle dance introduced by early Jewish settlers was originally popular in the kibbutzim and outlying communities. It became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction and of the ability to experience joy amidst austerity. It now plays a significant role in modern Israeli folk dancing and is regularly performed at weddings and other celebrations, and in group dances throughout Israel.[citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?] to be among the most versatile and original international creators working today. Famous Israeli companies include the Batsheva Dance Company and the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company.[citation needed]
Cinema and theatre
Main article: Cinema of Israel




Habima Theatre, in Tel Aviv


Ten Israeli films have been final nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards since the establishment of Israel. The 2009 movie Ajami was the third consecutive nomination of an Israeli film.[559] Palestinian Israeli filmmakers have made a number of films dealing with the Arab-Israel conflict and the status of Palestinians within Israel, such as Mohammed Bakri's 2002 film Jenin, Jenin and The Syrian Bride.[citation needed]
Continuing the strong theatrical traditions of the Yiddish theatre in Eastern Europe, Israel maintains a vibrant theatre scene. Founded in 1918, Habima Theatre in Tel Aviv is Israel's oldest repertory theater company and national theater.[560]
Media
Main article: Media of Israel
The 2016 Freedom of the Press annual report by Freedom House ranked Israel as the Middle East and North Africa's most free country, and 65th globally.[561] In the 2016 Press Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders, Israel (including "Israel extraterritorial" since 2013 ranking)[562] was placed 101st of 180 countries, and 3rd below Tunisia (at 96) and Lebanon (at 98) in the Middle East and North Africa region.[563]
Museums
For a more comprehensive list, see List of Israeli museums.




Shrine of the Book, repository of the Dead Sea Scrolls in Jerusalem


The Israel Museum in Jerusalem is one of Israel's most important cultural institutions[564] and houses the Dead Sea Scrolls,[565] along with an extensive collection of Judaica and European art.[564] Israel's national Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is the world central archive of Holocaust-related information.[566] Beit Hatfutsot ("The Diaspora House"), on the campus of Tel Aviv University, is an interactive museum devoted to the history of Jewish communities around the world.[567] Apart from the major museums in large cities, there are high-quality artspaces in many towns and kibbutzim. Mishkan LeOmanut in kibbutz Ein Harod Meuhad is the largest art museum in the north of the country.[568]
Israel has the highest number of museums per capita in the world.[569] Several Israeli museums are devoted to Islamic culture, including the Rockefeller Museum and the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, both in Jerusalem. The Rockefeller specializes in archaeological remains from the Ottoman and other periods of Middle East history. It is also the home of the first hominid fossil skull found in Western Asia called Galilee Man.[570] A cast of the skull is on display at the Israel Museum.[571]
Cuisine
Main article: Israeli cuisine




A meal including falafel, hummus, French fries and Israeli salad


Israeli cuisine includes local dishes as well as Jewish cuisine brought to the country by immigrants from the diaspora. Since the establishment of the state in 1948, and particularly since the late 1970s, an Israeli fusion cuisine has developed.[572] Israeli cuisine has adopted, and continues to adapt, elements of the Mizrahi, Sephardi, and Ashkenazi styles of cooking. It incorporates many foods traditionally eaten in the Levantine, Arab, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines, such as falafel, hummus, shakshouka, couscous, and za'atar. Schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, French fries, rice and salad are also common in Israel.[citation needed]
Roughly half of the Israeli-Jewish population attests to keeping kosher at home.[573][574] Kosher restaurants, though rare in the 1960s, make up around 25% of the total as of 2015[update], perhaps reflecting the largely secular values of those who dine out.[572] Hotel restaurants are much more likely to serve kosher food.[572] The non-kosher retail market was traditionally sparse, but grew rapidly and considerably following the influx of immigrants from the post-Soviet states during the 1990s.[575] Together with non-kosher fish, rabbits and ostriches, pork—often called "white meat" in Israel[575]—is produced and consumed, though it is forbidden by both Judaism and Islam.[576]
Sports
Main article: Sport in Israel




Teddy Stadium of Jerusalem


The most popular spectator sports in Israel are association football and basketball.[577] The Israeli Premier League is the country's premier football league, and the Israeli Basketball Premier League is the premier basketball league.[578] Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Beitar Jerusalem are the largest football clubs. Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Tel Aviv have competed in the UEFA Champions League and Hapoel Tel Aviv reached the UEFA Cup quarter-finals. Israel hosted and won the 1964 AFC Asian Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup, the only time it participated in the World Cup. The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games and since then has not competed in Asian sport events.[579] In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and its soccer teams now compete in Europe.[citation needed] Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. has won the European championship in basketball six times.[580] In 2016, the country was chosen as a host for the EuroBasket 2017.




Boris Gelfand, chess Grandmaster


Chess is a leading sport in Israel and is enjoyed by people of all ages. There are many Israeli grandmasters and Israeli chess players have won a number of youth world championships.[581] Israel stages an annual international championship and hosted the World Team Chess Championship in 2005. The Ministry of Education and the World Chess Federation agreed upon a project of teaching chess within Israeli schools, and it has been introduced into the curriculum of some schools.[582] The city of Beersheba has become a national chess center, with the game being taught in the city's kindergartens. Owing partly to Soviet immigration, it is home to the largest number of chess grandmasters of any city in the world.[583][584] The Israeli chess team won the silver medal at the 2008 Chess Olympiad[585] and the bronze, coming in third among 148 teams, at the 2010 Olympiad. Israeli grandmaster Boris Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009[586] and the 2011 Candidates Tournament for the right to challenge the world champion. He only lost the World Chess Championship 2012 to reigning world champion Anand after a speed-chess tie breaker.
Israel has won nine Olympic medals since its first win in 1992, including a gold medal in windsurfing at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[587] Israel has won over 100 gold medals in the Paralympic Games and is ranked 20th in the all-time medal count. The 1968 Summer Paralympics were hosted by Israel.[588] The Maccabiah Games, an Olympic-style event for Jewish and Israeli athletes, was inaugurated in the 1930s, and has been held every four years since then. Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe'er ranked 11th in the world on 31 January 2011.[589] Krav Maga, a martial art developed by Jewish ghetto defenders during the struggle against fascism in Europe, is used by the Israeli security forces and police. Its effectiveness and practical approach to self-defense, have won it widespread admiration and adherence around the world.[590]
See also


Israel portal



Index of Israel-related articles
Outline of Israel
 Israel – Wikipedia book


Notes



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.
^ a b The majority of the international community (including the UN General Assembly, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the International Criminal Court, and the vast majority of human rights organizations) considers Israel to be occupying Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Gaza is still considered to be "occupied" by the United Nations, international human rights organisations, and the majority of governments and legal commentators, despite the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, due to various forms of ongoing military and economic control.[22]
The government of Israel and some supporters have, at times, disputed this position of the international community. For more details of this terminology dispute, including with respect to the current status of the Gaza Strip, see International views on the Israeli-occupied territories and Status of territories captured by Israel.
For an explanation of the differences between an annexed but disputed territory (e.g., Tibet) and a militarily occupied territory, please see the article Military occupation.
^ (פלשתינה (א״י in Hebrew (translation: Palestine (Eretz Israel))



References


^ a b c "Latest Population Statistics for Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. January 2017. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ a b "Home page". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ Population Census 2008 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2008. Retrieved 27 December 2016. 
^ a b "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects". International Monetary Fund. April 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 18 February 2016. 
^ a b Human Development Index and its components (Report). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Palestinian Territories". State.gov. 22 April 2008. Retrieved 26 December 2012. 
^ Skolnik 2007, pp. 132–232
^ "GaWC – The World According to GaWC 2008". Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Retrieved 1 March 2009. 
^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ a b "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ a b "Resolution 181 (II). Future government of Palestine". United Nations. 29 November 1947. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. p. 75. Retrieved 24 July 2013. " p. 75 The night of 29–30 November passed in the Yishuv’s settlements in noisy public rejoicing. Most had sat glued to their radio sets broadcasting live from Flushing Meadow. A collective cry of joy went up when the two-thirds mark was achieved: a state had been sanctioned by the international community. ; p. 396 The immediate trigger of the 1948 War was the November 1947 UN partition resolution. The Zionist movement, except for its fringes, accepted the proposal.” 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. pp. 66, 67, 72. Retrieved 24 July 2013. p.66, at 1946 "The League demanded independence for Palestine as a "unitary" state, with an Arab majority and minority rights for the Jews." ; p.67, at 1947 "The League's Political Committee met in Sofar, Lebanon, on 16–19 September, and urged the Palestine Arabs to fight partition, which it called "aggression," "without mercy." The League promised them, in line with Bludan, assistance "in manpower, money and equipment" should the United Nations endorse partition." ; p. 72, at Dec 1947 "The League vowed, in very general language, "to try to stymie the partition plan and prevent the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine 
^ a b "Declaration of Establishment of State of Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 14 May 1948. Archived from the original on 17 March 2017. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Gilbert 2005, p. 1
^ "The status of Jerusalem" (PDF). The Question of Palestine & the United Nations. United Nations Department of Public Information. East Jerusalem has been considered, by both the General Assembly and the Security Council, as part of the occupied Palestinian territory. 
^ "Analysis: Kadima's big plans". BBC News. 29 March 2006. Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ Kessner, BC (2 April 2006). "Israel's Hard-Learned Lessons". Homeland Security Today. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ Kumaraswamy, P. R. (5 June 2002). "The Legacy of Undefined Borders". Tel Aviv Notes. Retrieved 25 March 2013. 
^ Sanger, Andrew (2011). M.N. Schmitt; Louise Arimatsu; Tim McCormack, eds. "The Contemporary Law of Blockade and the Gaza Freedom Flotilla". Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 2010. Springer Science & Business Media. 13: 429. ISBN 9789067048118. doi:10.1007/978-90-6704-811-8_14. Israel claims it no longer occupies the Gaza Strip, maintaining that it is neither a Stale nor a territory occupied or controlled by Israel, but rather it has 'sui generis' status. Pursuant to the Disengagement Plan, Israel dismantled all military institutions and settlements in Gaza and there is no longer a permanent Israeli military or civilian presence in the territory. However the Plan also provided that Israel will guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the Gaza Strip, will continue to maintain exclusive authority in Gaza air space, and will continue to exercise security activity in the sea off the coast of the Gaza Strip as well as maintaining an Israeli military presence on the Egyptian-Gaza border. and reserving the right to reenter Gaza at will.
Israel continues to control six of Gaza's seven land crossings, its maritime borders and airspace and the movement of goods and persons in and out of the territory. Egypt controls one of Gaza's land crossings. Troops from the Israeli Defence Force regularly enter pans of the territory and/or deploy missile attacks, drones and sonic bombs into Gaza. Israel has declared a no-go buffer zone that stretches deep into Gaza: if Gazans enter this zone they are shot on sight. Gaza is also dependent on israel for inter alia electricity, currency, telephone networks, issuing IDs, and permits to enter and leave the territory. Israel also has sole control of the Palestinian Population Registry through which the Israeli Army regulates who is classified as a Palestinian and who is a Gazan or West Banker. Since 2000 aside from a limited number of exceptions Israel has refused to add people to the Palestinian Population Registry.
It is this direct external control over Gaza and indirect control over life within Gaza that has led the United Nations, the UN General Assembly, the UN Fact Finding Mission to Gaza, International human rights organisations, US Government websites, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a significant number of legal commentators, to reject the argument that Gaza is no longer occupied. 
* Scobbie, Iain (2012). Elizabeth Wilmshurst, ed. International Law and the Classification of Conflicts. Oxford University Press. p. 295. ISBN 9780199657759. Even after the accession to power of Hamas, Israel's claim that it no longer occupies Gaza has not been accepted by UN bodies, most States, nor the majority of academic commentators because of its exclusive control of its border with Gaza and crossing points including the effective control it exerted over the Rafah crossing until at least May 2011, its control of Gaza's maritime zones and airspace which constitute what Aronson terms the 'security envelope' around Gaza, as well as its ability to intervene forcibly at will in Gaza. 
* Gawerc, Michelle (2012). Prefiguring Peace: Israeli-Palestinian Peacebuilding Partnerships. Lexington Books. p. 44. ISBN 9780739166109. While Israel withdrew from the immediate territory, Israel still controlled all access to and from Gaza through the border crossings, as well as through the coastline and the airspace. ln addition, Gaza was dependent upon Israel for water electricity sewage communication networks and for its trade (Gisha 2007. Dowty 2008). ln other words, while Israel maintained that its occupation of Gaza ended with its unilateral disengagement Palestinians – as well as many human right organizations and international bodies – argued that Gaza was by all intents and purposes still occupied. 
^ See for example:
* Hajjar, Lisa (2005). Courting Conflict: The Israeli Military Court System in the West Bank and Gaza. University of California Press. p. 96. ISBN 0520241940. The Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza is the longest military occupation in modern times. 
* Anderson, Perry (July–August 2001). "Editorial: Scurrying Towards Bethlehem". New Left Review. 10. ...longest official military occupation of modern history—currently entering its thirty-fifth year 
* Makdisi, Saree (2010). Palestine Inside Out: An Everyday Occupation. W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 9780393338447. ...longest-lasting military occupation of the modern age 
* Kretzmer, David (Spring 2012). "The law of belligerent occupation in the Supreme Court of Israel" (PDF). International Review of the Red Cross. 94 (885): 207–236. doi:10.1017/S1816383112000446. This is probably the longest occupation in modern international relations, and it holds a central place in all literature on the law of belligerent occupation since the early 1970s 
* Alexandrowicz, Ra'anan (24 January 2012), The Justice of Occupation, The New York Times, Israel is the only modern state that has held territories under military occupation for over four decades 
* Weill, Sharon (2014). The Role of National Courts in Applying International Humanitarian Law. Oxford University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9780199685424. Although the basic philosophy behind the law of military occupation is that it is a temporary situation modem occupations have well demonstrated that rien ne dure comme le provisoire A significant number of post-1945 occupations have lasted more than two decades such as the occupations of Namibia by South Africa and of East Timor by Indonesia as well as the ongoing occupations of Northern Cyprus by Turkey and of Western Sahara by Morocco. The Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, which is the longest in all occupation's history has already entered its fifth decade. 
^ a b Adriana Kemp, "Labour migration and racialisation: labour market mechanisms and labour migration control policies in Israel", Social Identities 10:2, 267–292, 2004
^ "Israel". Freedom in the World. Freedom House. 2008. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Augustus Richard Norton (2001). Civil society in the Middle East. 2 (2001). BRILL. p. 193. ISBN 90-04-10469-0. 
^ Rummel 1997, p. 257. "A current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ..."
^ "Global Survey 2006: Middle East Progress Amid Global Gains in Freedom". Freedom House. 19 December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ a b "Israel's accession to the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ a b Education at a Glance: Israel (Report). Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 15 September 2016. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "WHO: Life expectancy in Israel among highest in the world". Haaretz. 24 May 2009. 
^ "Popular Opinion". The Palestine Post. Jerusalem. 7 December 1947. p. 1. 
^ "On the Move". Time. New York. 31 May 1948. Archived from the original on 16 October 2007. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ Levine, Robert A. (7 November 2000). "See Israel as a Jewish Nation-State, More or Less Democratic". The New York Times. Retrieved 19 January 2011. 
^ William G. Dever, Did God Have a Wife?: Archaeology and Folk Religion in Ancient Israel, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 2005 p.186.
^ Geoffrey W. Bromiley, 'Israel,' in International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: E-J,Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1995 p.907.
^ R. L. Ottley, The Religion of Israel: A Historical Sketch, Cambridge University Press, 2013 pp.31–2 note 5.
^ Wells, John C. (1990). Longman pronunciation dictionary. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 381. ISBN 0-582-05383-8.  entry "Jacob".
^ "And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." (Genesis, 32:28, 35:10). See also Hosea 12:5.
^ Exodus 12:40–41
^ Exodus 6:16–20
^ Barton & Bowden 2004, p. 126. "The Merneptah Stele ... is arguably the oldest evidence outside the Bible for the existence of Israel as early as the 13th century BCE."
^ Noah Rayman (29 September 2014). "Mandatory Palestine: What It Was and Why It Matters". TIME. Retrieved 5 December 2015. 
^ Tchernov, Eitan (1988). "The Age of 'Ubeidiya Formation (Jordan Valley, Israel) and the Earliest Hominids in the Levant". Paléorient. 14 (2): 63–65. doi:10.3406/paleo.1988.4455. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Rincon, Paul (14 October 2015). "Fossil teeth place humans in Asia '20,000 years early'". BBC News. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Bar-Yosef, Ofer (7 December 1998). "The Natuﬁan Culture in the Levant, Threshold to the Origins of Agriculture" (PDF). Evolutionary Anthropology. 6 (5): 159–177. doi:10.1002/(SICI)1520-6505(1998)6:5<159::AID-EVAN4>3.0.CO;2-7. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ a b c d Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible unearthed : archaeology's new vision of ancient Israel and the origin of its stories (1st Touchstone ed. ed.). New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-86912-8. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ Dever, William (2001). What Did the Biblical Writers Know, and When Did They Know It?. Eerdmans. pp. 98–99. ISBN 3-927120-37-5. After a century of exhaustive investigation, all respectable archaeologists have given up hope of recovering any context that would make Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob credible "historical figures" [...] archaeological investigation of Moses and the Exodus has similarly been discarded as a fruitless pursuit. 
^ Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson (1986). A History of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. ISBN 0-664-21262-X. 
^ Lehman in Vaughn 1992, pp. 156–62.[full citation needed]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 70.
^ Miller 2012, p. 98.
^ McNutt 1999, p. 72.
^ Miller 2012, p. 99.
^ Miller 2012, p. 105.
^ Tubb, 1998. pp. 13–14
^ Mark Smith in "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" states "Despite the long regnant model that the Canaanites and Israelites were people of fundamentally different culture, archaeological data now casts doubt on this view. The material culture of the region exhibits numerous common points between Israelites and Canaanites in the Iron I period (c. 1200–1000 BCE). The record would suggest that the Israelite culture largely overlapped with and derived from Canaanite culture... In short, Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature. Given the information available, one cannot maintain a radical cultural separation between Canaanites and Israelites for the Iron I period." (pp. 6–7). Smith, Mark (2002) "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" (Eerdman's)
^ Rendsberg, Gary (2008). "Israel without the Bible". In Frederick E. Greenspahn. The Hebrew Bible: New Insights and Scholarship. NYU Press, pp. 3–5
^ Gnuse 1997, pp.28,31[title missing]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 35.
^ Bloch-Smith, Elizabeth (2003). "Israelite Ethnicity in Iron I: Archaeology Preserves What Is Remembered and What Is Forgotten in Israel's History". Journal of Biblical Literature. 122 (3): 401–425. ISSN 0021-9231. JSTOR 3268384. doi:10.2307/3268384. Retrieved 2017-07-16. 
^ Lipschits, Oded (2014). "The History of Israel in the Biblical Period". In Berlin, Adele; Brettler, Marc Zvi. The Jewish Study Bible (2nd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199978465. 
^ a b Kuhrt, Amiele (1995). The Ancient Near East. Routledge. p. 438. ISBN 978-0415167628. 
^ a b Wright, Jacob L. (July 2014). "David, King of Judah (Not Israel)". The Bible and Interpretation. 
^ K. L. Noll, Canaan and Israel in Antiquity: A Textbook on History and Religion, A&C Black, 2012, rev.ed. pp.137ff.
^ Thomas L. Thompson, Early History of the Israelite People: From the Written & Archaeological Sources, BRILL, 2000 pp. 275–76: 'They are rather a very specific group among the population of Palestine which bears a name that occurs here for the first time that at a much later stage in Palestine's history bears a substantially different signification.'
^ The personal name "Israel" appears much earlier, in material from Ebla. Hasel, Michael G. (1994-01-01). "Israel in the Merneptah Stela". Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research (296): 45–61. JSTOR 1357179. doi:10.2307/1357179. ; Bertman, Stephen (2005-07-14). Handbook to Life in Ancient Mesopotamia. OUP USA. ISBN 9780195183641.  and Meindert Dijkstra (2010). "Origins of Israel between history and ideology". In Becking, Bob; Grabbe, Lester. Between Evidence and Ideology Essays on the History of Ancient Israel read at the Joint Meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and the Oud Testamentisch Werkgezelschap Lincoln, July 2009. Brill. p. 47. ISBN 9789004187375. As a West Semitic personal name it existed long before it became a tribal or a geographical name. This is not without significance, though is it rarely mentioned. We learn of a maryanu named ysr"il (*Yi¡sr—a"ilu) from Ugarit living in the same period, but the name was already used a thousand years before in Ebla. The word Israel originated as a West Semitic personal name. One of the many names that developed into the name of the ancestor of a clan, of a tribe and finally of a people and a nation. 
^ Jonathan M Golden,Ancient Canaan and Israel: An Introduction, OUP USA, 2009 pp. 3–4.
^ Lemche, Niels Peter (1998). The Israelites in History and Tradition. Westminster John Knox Press. p. 35. ISBN 9780664227272. 
^ The Pitcher Is Broken: Memorial Essays for Gosta W. Ahlstrom, Steven W. Holloway, Lowell K. Handy, Continuum, 1 May 1995 Quote: "For Israel, the description of the battle of Qarqar in the Kurkh Monolith of Shalmaneser III (mid-ninth century) and for Judah, a Tiglath-pileser III text mentioning (Jeho-) Ahaz of Judah (IIR67 = K. 3751), dated 734-733, are the earliest published to date."
^ Broshi, Maguen (2001). Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls. Bloomsbury Publishing. p. 174. ISBN 1-84127-201-9. 
^ "British Museum – Cuneiform tablet with part of the Babylonian Chronicle (605–594 BCE)". Archived from the original on 30 October 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ See http://www.livius.org/cg-cm/chronicles/abc5/jerusalem.html reverse side, line 12.
^ a b "Second Temple Period (538 BCE. to 70 CE) Persian Rule". Biu.ac.il. Retrieved 2014-03-15. 
^ Harper's Bible Dictionary, ed. by Achtemeier, etc., Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1985, p.103
^ Cite error: The named reference Grabbe355 was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
^ Oppenheimer, A'haron and Oppenheimer, Nili. Between Rome and Babylon: Studies in Jewish Leadership and Society. Mohr Siebeck, 2005, p. 2.
^ Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (1996). Atlas of Jewish History. Routledge. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-415-08800-8. 
^ Lehmann, Clayton Miles (18 January 2007). "Palestine". Encyclopedia of the Roman Provinces. University of South Dakota. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ Morçöl 2006, p. 304
^ Judaism in late antiquity, Jacob Neusner, Bertold Spuler, Hady R Idris, BRILL, 2001, p. 155
^ Gil, Moshe (1997). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-59984-9. 
^ Allan D. Cooper (2009). The geography of genocide. University Press of America. p. 132. ISBN 978-0-7618-4097-8. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Carmel, Alex. The History of Haifa Under Turkish Rule. Haifa: Pardes, 2002 (ISBN 965-7171-05-9), pp. 16–17
^ Moshe Gil (1992). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. p. 829. ISBN 9780521404372. Retrieved 17 May 2015. Haifa was taken [...] in August 1100 or June 1101, according to Muslim sources which contradict one another. Albert of Aachen does not mention the date in a clear manner either. From what he says, it appears that it was mainly the Jewish inhabitants of the city who defended the fortress of Haifa. In his rather strange Latin style, he mentions that there was a Jewish population in Haifa, and that they fought bravely within the walls of the city. He explains that the Jews there were protected people of the Muslims (the Fatimids). They fought side by side with units of the Fatimid army, striking back at Tancred's army from above the walls of the citadel (... Judaei civis comixtis Sarracenorum turmis) until the Crusaders overcame them and they were forced to abandon the walls. The Muslims and the Jews then managed to escape from the fortress with their lives, while the rest of the population fled the city en masse. Whoever remained was slaughtered, and huge quantities of spoils were taken. [...] [Note #3: Albert of Aachen (Albericus, Albertus Aquensis), Historia Hierosolymitanae Expeditionis, in: RHC (Occ.), IV. p. 523; etc.] 
^ Irven M. Resnick (1 June 2012). Marks of Distinctions: Christian Perceptions of Jews in the High Middle Ages. CUA Press. pp. 48–49. ISBN 978-0-8132-1969-1. citizens of the Jewish race, who lived in the city by the favour and consent of the king of Egypt in return for payment of tribute, got on the walls bearing arms and put up a very stubborn defence, until the Christians, weighed down by various blows over the period of two weeks, absolutely despaired and held back their hands from any attack. [...] the Jewish citizens, mixed with Saracen troops, at once fought back manfully,... and counter-attacked. [Albert of Aachen, Historia Ierosolimitana 7.23, ed. and transl. Susan B. Edgington (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2007), 516 and 521.] 
^ Joshua Prawer. The Jews of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. pp. 34–40. 
^ The Abuhav Synagogue, Jewish Virtual Library.
^ Sefer HaCharedim Mitzvat Tshuva Chapter 3. Maimonides established a yearly holiday for himself and his sons, 6 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he went up to pray on the Temple Mount, and another, 9 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he merited to pray at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron.
^ Abraham P. Bloch (1987). "Sultan Saladin Opens Jerusalem to Jews". One a day: an anthology of Jewish historical anniversaries for every day of the year. KTAV Publishing House, Inc. p. 277. ISBN 978-0-88125-108-1. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Benzion Dinur (1974). "From Bar Kochba's Revolt to the Turkish Conquest". In David Ben-Gurion. The Jews in their Land. Aldus Books. p. 217. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Geoffrey Hindley (28 February 2007). Saladin: hero of Islam. Pen & Sword Military. p. xiii. ISBN 978-1-84415-499-9. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Alex Carmel; Peter Schäfer; Yossi Ben-Artzi (1990). The Jewish settlement in Palestine, 634–1881. L. Reichert. p. 31. ISBN 978-3-88226-479-1. Retrieved 21 December 2011. 
^ Samson ben Abraham of Sens, Jewish Encyclopedia.
^ Moshe Lichtman (September 2006). Eretz Yisrael in the Parshah: The Centrality of the Land of Israel in the Torah. Devora Publishing. p. 302. ISBN 978-1-932687-70-5. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ a b Kramer, Gudrun (2008). A History of Palestine: From the Ottoman Conquest to the Founding of the State of Israel. Princeton University Press. p. 376. ISBN 978-0-691-11897-0. 
^ M. Sharon (2010). "Al Khalil". Encyclopedia of Islam, Second Edition. Koninklijke Brill NV. 
^ International Dictionary of Historic Places: Middle East and Africa by Trudy Ring, Robert M. Salkin, Sharon La Boda, pp. 336–339
^ Dan Bahat (1976). Twenty centuries of Jewish life in the Holy Land: the forgotten generations. Israel Economist. p. 48. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ Fannie Fern Andrews (February 1976). The Holy Land under mandate. Hyperion Press. p. 145. ISBN 978-0-88355-304-6. Retrieved 25 December 2011. 
^ "The Covenant of the League of Nations". Article 22. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Mandate for Palestine," Encyclopaedia Judaica, Vol. 11, p. 862, Keter Publishing House, Jerusalem, 1972
^ Rosenzweig 1997, p. 1 "Zionism, the urge of the Jewish people to return to Palestine, is almost as ancient as the Jewish diaspora itself. Some Talmudic statements ... Almost a millennium later, the poet and philosopher Yehuda Halevi ... In the 19th century ..."
^ a b Geoffrey Wigoder, G.G. (ed.). "Return to Zion". The New Encyclopedia of Judaism (via Answers.Com). The Jerusalem Publishing House. Retrieved 8 March 2010. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ "An invention called 'the Jewish people'". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 18 April 2010. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 2. "Jews sought a new homeland here after their expulsions from Spain (1492) ..."
^ Eisen, Yosef (2004). Miraculous journey: a complete history of the Jewish people from creation to the present. Targum Press. p. 700. ISBN 1-56871-323-1. 
^ Morgenstern, Arie (2006). Hastening redemption: Messianism and the resettlement of the land of Israel. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-19-530578-4. 
^ "Jewish and Non-Jewish Population of Palestine-Israel (1517–2004)". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ Barnai, Jacob (1992). The Jews in Palestine in the Eighteenth Century: Under the Patronage of the Istanbul committee of Officials for Palestine. University Alabama Press. p. 320. ISBN 978-0-8173-0572-7. 
^ a b c d "Immigration to Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2012.  The source provides information on the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Aliyot in their respective articles. The White Paper leading to Aliyah Bet is discussed "Aliyah During World War II and its Aftermath". 
^ Kornberg 1993 "How did Theodor Herzl, an assimilated German nationalist in the 1880s, suddenly in the 1890s become the founder of Zionism?"
^ Herzl 1946, p. 11
^ "Chapter One". The Jewish Agency for Israel1. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Stein 2003, p. 88. "As with the First Aliyah, most Second Aliyah migrants were non-Zionist orthodox Jews ..."
^ Romano 2003, p. 30
^ Macintyre, Donald (26 May 2005). "The birth of modern Israel: A scrap of paper that changed history". The Independent. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yapp, M.E. (1987). The Making of the Modern Near East 1792–1923. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 290. ISBN 0-582-49380-3. 
^ Schechtman, Joseph B. (2007). "Jewish Legion". Encyclopaedia Judaica. 11. Detroit: Macmillan Reference USA. p. 304. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ Scharfstein 1996, p. 269. "During the First and Second Aliyot, there were many Arab attacks against Jewish settlements ... In 1920, Hashomer was disbanded and Haganah ("The Defense") was established."
^ "League of Nations: The Mandate for Palestine, July 24, 1922". Modern History Sourcebook. Fordham University. 24 July 1922. Retrieved 27 August 2007. 
^ Shaw, J. V. W. (January 1991) [1946]. "Chapter VI: Population". A Survey of Palestine. Volume I: Prepared in December 1945 and January 1946 for the information of the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry (Reprint ed.). Washington, D.C.: Institute for Palestine Studies. p. 148. ISBN 978-0-88728-213-3. OCLC 22345421. Lay summary. 
^ "Report to the League of Nations on Palestine and Transjordan, 1937". British Government. 1937. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Walter Laqueur (2009-07-01). A History of Zionism: From the French Revolution to the Establishment of the State of Israel. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 9780307530851. Retrieved 2015-10-15. 
^ Hughes, M (2009). "The banality of brutality: British armed forces and the repression of the Arab Revolt in Palestine, 1936–39". English Historical Review. CXXIV (507): 314–354. doi:10.1093/ehr/cep002. 
^ Khalidi, Walid (1987). From Haven to Conquest: Readings in Zionism and the Palestine Problem Until 1948. Institute for Palestine Studies. ISBN 978-0-88728-155-6
^ "The Population of Palestine Prior to 1948". MidEastWeb. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Fraser 2004, p. 27
^ The Terrorism Ahead: Confronting Transnational Violence in the Twenty-First | By Paul J. Smith | M.E. Sharpe, 10 Sep 2007 | pg 27
^ Encyclopedia of Terrorism, Harvey W. Kushner, Sage, 2003 p.181
^ Encyclopædia Britannica article on the Irgun Zvai Leumi
^ The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. William Roger Louis, Oxford University Press, 1986, p. 430
^ a b c Clarke, Thurston. By Blood and Fire, G. P. Puttnam's Sons, New York, 1981
^ a b Bethell, Nicholas (1979). The Palestine Triangle. Andre Deutsch. 
^ Hoffman, Bruce (1999). Inside Terrorism. Columbia University Press. pp. 48–52. 
^ "A/RES/106 (S-1)". General Assembly resolution. United Nations. 15 May 1947. Archived from the original on 6 August 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "A/364". Special Committee on Palestine. United Nations. 3 September 1947. Archived from the original on 10 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Background Paper No. 47 (ST/DPI/SER.A/47)". United Nations. 20 April 1949. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 40–41
^ Gelber, Yoav (2006). Palestine 1948. Brighton: Sussex Academic Press. p. 17. ISBN 978-1-902210-67-4. 
^ Morris, 2008, p. 77-78
^ Tal, David (2003). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 471. ISBN 978-0-7146-5275-7. 
^ Morris, Benny (2008). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. New Haven, Conn.: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-15112-8. 
^ Clifford, Clark, "Counsel to the President: A Memoir", 1991, p. 20.
^ Jacobs, Frank (7 August 2012). "The Elephant in the Map Room". Borderlines. The New York Times. Retrieved 3 September 2012. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. p. 50. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1058
^ Morris, 2008, p. 205[title missing]
^ Rabinovich, Itamar; Reinharz, Jehuda (2007). Israel in the Middle East: Documents and Readings on Society, Politics, and Foreign Relations, Pre-1948 to the Present. Brandeis. p. 74. ISBN 978-0-87451-962-4. 
^ David Tal (24 June 2004). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 469. ISBN 978-1-135-77513-1. some of the Arab armies invaded Palestine in order to prevent the establishment of a Jewish state, Transjordan... 
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 396. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. The Arab war aim, in both stages of the hostilities, was, at a minimum, to abort the emergence of a Jewish state or to destroy it at inception. The Arab states hoped to accomplish this by conquering all or large parts of the territory allotted to the Jews by the United Nations. And some Arab leaders spoke of driving the Jews into the sea19 and ridding Palestine "of the Zionist plague."20 The struggle, as the Arabs saw it, was about the fate of Palestine/ the Land of Israel, all of it, not over this or that part of the country. But, in public, official Arab spokesmen often said that the aim of the May 1948 invasion was to "save" Palestine or "save the Palestinians," definitions more agreeable to Western ears.  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 187. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. A week before the armies marched, Azzam told Kirkbride: "It does not matter how many [ Jews] there are. We will sweep them into the sea." ... Ahmed Shukeiry, one of Haj Amin al-Husseini's aides (and, later, the founding chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization), simply described the aim as "the elimination of the Jewish state." ...al-Quwwatli told his people: "Our army has entered ... we shall win and we shall eradicate Zionism)  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 198. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. the Jews felt that the Arabs aimed to reenact the Holocaust and that they faced certain personal and collective slaughter should they lose  
^ "PDF copy of Cablegram from the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: S/745: 15 May 1948". Un.org. 9 September 2002. Archived from the original on 7 January 2014. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Morris, Benny. The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem Revisited. Cambridge University Press. p. 602. ISBN 978-0-521-00967-6. 
^ "Two Hundred and Seventh Plenary Meeting". The United Nations. 11 May 1949. Archived from the original on 12 September 2007. Retrieved 13 July 2007. 
^ William Roger Louis (1984). The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. Clarendon Press. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-19-822960-5. The transcript makes it clear that British policy acted as a brake on Jordan." "King Abdullah was personally anxious to come to agreement with Israel", Kirkbride stated, and in fact it was our restraining influence which had so far prevented him from doing so." Knox Helm confirmed that the Israelis hoped to have a settlement with Jordan, and that they now genuinely wished to live peacefully within their frontiers, if only for economic reasons 
^ Lustick 1988, pp. 37–39
^ "Israel (Labor Zionism)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Kibbutz & Moshav: History & Overview". Jewish Virtual Library. Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 17 June 2014. 
^ Anita Shapira (1992). Land and Power. Stanford University Press. pp. 416, 419. 
^ Segev, Tom. 1949: The First Israelis. "The First Million". Trans. Arlen N. Weinstein. New York: The Free Press, 1986. Print. p 105-107
^ Shulewitz, Malka Hillel (2001). The Forgotten Millions: The Modern Jewish Exodus from Arab Lands. Continuum. ISBN 978-0-8264-4764-7. 
^ Laskier, Michael "Egyptian Jewry under the Nasser Regime, 1956–70" pages 573–619 from Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 31, Issue # 3, July 1995 page 579.
^ a b "Population, by Religion and Population Group" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 7 August 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell (2003). The Founding of the State of Israel. Greenhaven Press. p. 15. 
^ Hakohen, Devorah (2003). Immigrants in Turmoil: Mass Immigration to Israel and Its Repercussions in the 1950s and After. Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-2969-6. ; for ma'abarot population, see p. 269.
^ Clive Jones, Emma Murphy, Israel: Challenges to Identity, Democracy, and the State, Routledge 2002 p. 37: "Housing units earmarked for the Oriental Jews were often reallocated to European Jewish immigrants; Consigning Oriental Jews to the privations of ma'aborot (transit camps) for longer periods."
^ Segev 2007, pp. 155–157
^ Shindler 2002, pp. 49–50
^ Kameel B. Nasr (1 December 1996). Arab and Israeli Terrorism: The Causes and Effects of Political Violence, 1936–1993. McFarland. pp. 40–. ISBN 978-0-7864-3105-2. Fedayeen to attack...almost always against civilians 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 58
^ Isaac Alteras (1993). Eisenhower and Israel: U.S.-Israeli Relations, 1953–1960. University Press of Florida. pp. 192–. ISBN 978-0-8130-1205-6. the removal of the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. The blockade closed Israel's sea lane to East Africa and the Far East, hindering the development of Israel's southern port of Eilat and its hinterland, the Nege. Another important objective of the Israeli war plan was the elimination of the terrorist bases in the Gaza Strip, from which daily fedayeen incursions into Israel made life unbearable for its southern population. And last but not least, the concentration of the Egyptian forces in the Sinai Peninsula, armed with the newly acquired weapons from the Soviet bloc, prepared for an attack on Israel. Here, Ben-Gurion believed, was a time bomb that had to be defused before it was too late. Reaching the Suez Canal did not figure at all in Israel's war objectives.  
^ Dominic Joseph Caraccilo (January 2011). Beyond Guns and Steel: A War Termination Strategy. ABC-CLIO. pp. 113–. ISBN 978-0-313-39149-1. The escalation continued with the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran, and Nasser's nationalization of the Suez Canal in July 1956. On October 14, Nasser made clear his intent:"I am not solely fighting against Israel itself. My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad. Our hatred is very strong. There is no sense in talking about peace with Israel. There is not even the smallest place for negotiations." Less than two weeks later, on October 25, Egypt signed a tripartite agreement with Syria and Jordan placing Nasser in command of all three armies. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Gulf of Aqaba to Israeli shipping, combined with the increased fedayeen attacks and the bellicosity of recent Arab statements, prompted Israel, with the backing of Britain and France, to attack Egypt on October 29, 1956. 
^ Alan Dowty (20 June 2005). Israel/Palestine. Polity. pp. 102–. ISBN 978-0-7456-3202-5. Gamal Abdel Nasser, who declared in one speech that "Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death."...The level of violence against Israelis, soldiers and civilians alike, seemed to be rising inexorably. 
^ "The Jewish Virtual Library, The Sinai-Suez Campaign: Background & Overview". In 1955, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser began to import arms from the Soviet Bloc to build his arsenal for the confrontation with Israel. In the short-term, however, he employed a new tactic to prosecute Egypt's war with Israel. He announced it on August 31, 1955: Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death. These "heroes" were Arab terrorists, or fedayeen, trained and equipped by Egyptian Intelligence to engage in hostile action on the border and infiltrate Israel to commit acts of sabotage and murder. 
^ Schoenherr, Steven (15 December 2005). "The Suez Crisis". Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ Gorst, Anthony; Johnman, Lewis (1997). The Suez Crisis. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-11449-3. 
^ Benny Morris (25 May 2011). Righteous Victims: A History of the Zionist-Arab Conflict, 1881–1998. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. pp. 300, 301. ISBN 978-0-307-78805-4. (p. 300) In exchange (for Israeli withdrawal) the United states had indirectly promised to guarantee Israel's right of passage through the straits (to the Red sea) and its right to self defense if the Egyptian closed them....(p 301) The 1956 war resulted in a significant reduction of...Israeli border tension. Egypt refrained from reactivating the Fedaeen, and...Egypt and Jordan made great effort to curb infiltration 
^ "National insurance institute of Israel, Hostile Action Casualties" (in Hebrew). list of people who were kiled in hostile action: 53 In 1956, 19 in 1957, 15 in 1958 
^ "jewish virtual library, Terrorism Against Israel: Number of Fatalities". 53 at 1956, 19 at 1957, 15 at 1958 
^ "Jewish virtual library, MYTH "Israel's military strike in 1956 was unprovoked."". Israeli Ambassador to the UN Abba Eban explained ... As a result of these actions of Egyptian hostility within Israel, 364 Israelis were wounded and 101 killed. In 1956 alone, as a result of this aspect of Egyptian aggression, 28 Israelis were killed and 127 wounded. 
^ "Adolf Eichmann". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 18 September 2007. 
^ Cole 2003, p. 27. "... the Eichmann trial, which did so much to raise public awareness of the Holocaust ..."
^ Shlomo Shpiro (2006). "No place to hide: Intelligence and civil liberties in Israel". Cambridge Review of International Affairs. 19 (44): 629–648. doi:10.1080/09557570601003361. 
^ "The Politics of Miscalculation in the Middle East", by Richard B. Parker (1993 Indiana University Press) pp. 38
^ Maoz, Moshe (1995). Syria and Israel: From War to Peacemaking. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 70. ISBN 978-0-19-828018-7. 
^ "On This Day 5 Jun". BBC. 5 June 1967. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Segev 2007, p. 178
^ Gat, Moshe (2003). Britain and the Conflict in the Middle East, 1964–1967: The Coming of the Six-Day War. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 202. ISBN 0275975142. 
^ John Quigley, The Six-Day War and Israeli Self-Defense: Questioning the Legal Basis for Preventive War, Cambridge University Press, 2013, p. 32.
^ Samir A. Mutawi (18 July 2002). Jordan in the 1967 War. Cambridge University Press. p. 93. ISBN 978-0-521-52858-0. Although Eshkol denounced the Egyptians, his response to this development was a model of moderation. His speech on 21 May demanded that Nasser withdraw his forces from Sinai but made no mention of the removal of UNEF from the Straits nor of what Israel would do if they were closed to Israeli shipping. The next day Nasser announced to an astonished world that henceforth the Straits were, indeed, closed to all Israeli ships 
^ Segev 2007, p. 289
^ Smith 2006, p. 126. "Nasser, the Egyptian president, decided to mass troops in the Sinai ... casus belli by Israel."
^ Bennet, James (13 March 2005). "The Interregnum". The New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Palestinian National Covenant- July 1968". Mfa.gov.il. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Silke, Andrew (2004). Research on Terrorism: Trends, Achievements and Failures. Routledge. p. 149 (256 pages). ISBN 978-0-7146-8273-0. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Martin (2002). The Routledge Atlas of the Arab–Israeli Conflict: The Complete History of the Struggle and the Efforts to Resolve It. Routledge. p. 82. ISBN 978-0-415-28116-4. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Andrews, Edmund; Kifner, John (27 January 2008). "George Habash, Palestinian Terrorism Tactician, Dies at 82". The New York Times. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "1973: Arab states attack Israeli forces". On This Day. The BBC. 6 October 1973. Retrieved 15 July 2007. 
^ "Agranat Commission". Knesset. 2008. Retrieved 8 April 2010. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 169–170 "In hindsight we can say that 1977 was a turning point ..."
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 171–174
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186–187
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 356. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ Lustick, Ian (1997). "Has Israel Annexed East Jerusalem?" (PDF). Middle East Policy. Washington, D.C.: Wiley-Blackwell. V (1): 34–45. ISSN 1061-1924. OCLC 4651987544. doi:10.1111/j.1475-4967.1997.tb00247.x. Retrieved 1 June 2013. 
^ See for example UN General Assembly resolution 63/30, passed 163 for, 6 against "Resolution adopted by the General Assembly". 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. 
^ "Golan Heights profile". BBC News. 27 November 2015. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ Friedberg, Rachel M. (November 2001). "The Impact of Mass Migration on the Israeli Labor Market" (PDF). The Quarterly Journal of Economics. 116 (4): 1373–1408. doi:10.1162/003355301753265606. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 199
^ Tessler, Mark A. (1994). A History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Indiana University Press. p. 677. ISBN 978-0-253-20873-6. 
^ Stone & Zenner 1994, p. 246. "Toward the end of 1991 ... were the result of internal Palestinian terror."
^ Haberman, Clyde (9 December 1991). "After 4 Years, Intifada Still Smolders". The New York Times. Retrieved 28 March 2008. 
^ Mowlana, Gerbner & Schiller 1992, p. 111
^ Bregman 2002, p. 236
^ "From the End of the Cold War to 2001". Boston College. Archived from the original on 27 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The Oslo Accords, 1993". U.S. Department of State. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ "Israel-PLO Recognition – Exchange of Letters between PM Rabin and Chairman Arafat – Sept 9- 1993". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ Harkavy & Neuman 2001, p. 270. "Even though Jordan in 1994 became the second country, after Egypt to sign a peace treaty with Israel ..."
^ "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991–2003". Settlements information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kurtzer, Daniel; Lasensky, Scott (2008). Negotiating Arab-Israeli peace: American leadership in the Middle East. United States Institute of Peace Press. p. 44. ISBN 978-1-60127-030-6. 
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 494. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ "Israel marks Rabin assassination". BBC News. 12 November 2005. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 257
^ "The Wye River Memorandum". U.S. Department of State. 23 October 1998. Archived from the original on 24 December 1999. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ Gelvin 2005, p. 240
^ Gross, Tom (16 January 2014). "The big myth: that he caused the Second Intifada". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Hong, Nicole (23 February 2015). "Jury Finds Palestinian Authority, PLO Liable for Terrorist Attacks in Israel a Decade Ago". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Ain, Stewart (20 December 2000). "PA: Intifada Was Planned". The Jewish Week. Archived from the original on 13 October 2007. 
^ Samuels, David (1 September 2005). "In a Ruined Country". The Atlantic. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "West Bank barrier route disputed, Israeli missile kills 2". USA Today. 29 July 2004. Archived from the original on 20 October 2012. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ Harel, Amos; Issacharoff, Avi (1 October 2010). "Years of rage". Haaretz. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ King, Laura (28 September 2004). "Losing Faith in the Intifada". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Diehl, Jackson (27 September 2004). "From Jenin To Fallujah?". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Amidror, Yaakov. "Winning Counterinsurgency War: The Israeli Experience" (PDF). Strategic Perspectives. Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Pipes, Daniel (14 September 2008). "Must Counterinsurgency Wars Fail?". The Washington Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Frisch, Hillel (12 January 2009). "The Need for a Decisive Israeli Victory Over Hamas". Perspectives Papers on Current Affairs. Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies. Archived from the original on 14 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Buchris, Ofek (9 March 2006). "The "Defensive Shield" Operation as a Turning Point in Israel's National Security Strategy" (PDF). Strategy Research Project. United States Army War College. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Krauthammer, Charles (18 June 2004). "Israel's Intifada Victory". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Plocker, Sever (22 June 2008). "2nd Intifada forgotten". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Ya'alon, Moshe (January 2007). "Lessons from the Palestinian 'War' against Israel" (PDF). Policy Focus. Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Hendel, Yoaz (20 September 2010). "Letting the IDF win". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Zvi Shtauber; Yiftah Shapir (2006). The Middle East strategic balance, 2004–2005. Sussex Academic Press. p. 7. ISBN 978-1-84519-108-5. Retrieved 12 February 2012. 
^ https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Terrorism/victims.html#2000; The Psychology of Strategic Terrorism: Public and Government Responses to Attack, Shepherd, Ben, p. 172
^ "Fatalities before Operation "Cast Lead"". B'Tselem. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "Security Council Calls for End to Hostilities between Hizbollah, Israel, Unanimously Adopting Resolution 1701 (2006)". United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701. 11 August 2006. 
Escalation of hostilities in Lebanon and in Israel since Hizbollah's attack on Israel on 12 July 2006
^ Harel, Amos (13 July 2006). "Hezbollah kills 8 soldiers, kidnaps two in offensive on northern border". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Koutsoukis, Jason (5 January 2009). "Battleground Gaza: Israeli ground forces invade the strip". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 5 January 2009. 
^ Ravid, Barak (18 January 2009). "IDF begins Gaza troop withdrawal, hours after ending 3-week offensive". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Azoulay, Yuval (1 January 2009). "Two IDF soldiers, civilian lightly hurt as Gaza mortars hit Negev". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Lappin, Yaakov; Lazaroff, Tovah (12 November 2012). "Gaza groups pound Israel with over 100 rockets". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ Stephanie Nebehay (20 November 2012). "UN rights boss, Red Cross urge Israel, Hamas to spare civilians". Reuters. Retrieved 20 November 2012. ; al-Mughrabi, Nidal (24 November 2012). "Hamas leader defiant as Israel eases Gaza curbs". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2013. ; "Israeli air strike kills top Hamas commander Jabari". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 14 November 2012. 
^ "Israel and Hamas Trade Attacks as Tension Rises". The New York Times. 8 July 2014. 
^ Cohen, Gili (9 January 2012). "Israel Navy to devote majority of missile boats to secure offshore drilling rafts". Haaretz. 
^ "Area of Districts, Sub-Districts, Natural Regions and Lakes". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 11 September 2012. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel (Geography)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. 7 May 2009. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Coastal Plain". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ "The Living Dead Sea". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 April 1999. ISBN 0-8264-0406-5. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ Makhteshim Country. UNESCO. ISBN 954-642-135-9. Retrieved 19 September 2007. 
^ Jacobs 1998, p. 284. "The extraordinary Makhtesh Ramon – the largest natural crater in the world ..." "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2 April 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "Makhtesh Ramon". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ Rinat, Zafrir (29 May 2008). "More endangered than rain forests?". Haaretz. Tel Aviv. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ferry M.; Meghraoui M.; Karaki A.A.; Al-Taj M.; Amoush H.; Al-Dhaisat S.; Barjous M. (2008). "A 48-kyr-long slip rate history for the Jordan Valley segment of the Dead Sea Fault". Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 260 (3–4): 394–406. Bibcode:2007E&PSL.260..394F. doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2007.05.049. 
^ a b American Friends of the Tel Aviv University, Earthquake Experts at Tel Aviv University Turn to History for Guidance (October 4, 2007). Quote: The major ones were recorded along the Jordan Valley in the years 31 B.C.E., 363 C.E., 749 C.E., and 1033 C.E. "So roughly, we are talking about an interval of every 400 years. If we follow the patterns of nature, a major quake should be expected any time because almost a whole millennium has passed since the last strong earthquake of 1033." (Tel Aviv University Associate Professor Dr. Shmuel (Shmulik) Marco). [1]
^ a b Zafrir Renat, Israel Is Due, and Ill Prepared, for Major Earthquake, Haaretz, 15 January 2010. "On average, a destructive earthquake takes place in Israel once every 80 years, causing serious casualties and damage." [2]
^ Watzman, Haim (8 February 1997). "Left for dead". New Scientist. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "WMO Region 6: Highest Temperature". World Meteorological Organization. Archived from the original on 16 April 2015. Retrieved 3 April 2009. 
^ Goldreich 2003, p. 85
^ "Average Weather for Tel Aviv-Yafo". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ "Average Weather for Jerusalem". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ Sitton, Dov (20 September 2003). "Development of Limited Water Resources- Historical and Technological Aspects". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 7 November 2007. 
^ a b Grossman, Gershon; Ayalon, Ofira; Baron, Yifaat; Kauffman, Debby. "Solar energy for the production of heat Summary and recommendations of the 4th assembly of the energy forum at SNI". Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Flora of Israel Online". Flora.huji.ac.il. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "National Parks and Nature Reserves, Israel". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 18 September 2012. 
^ "Population, by Religion". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "On Israel's 69th birthday, population reaches 8.68 million". Retrieved 17 July 2017. 
^ "Monthly Bulletin of Statistics". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ "ISRAEL: Crackdown on illegal migrants and visa violators". IRIN. 14 July 2009. 
^ "Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation". Reuters. 11 June 2012. 
^ "THE LAND: Urban Life". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ "The Law of Return". Knesset. Archived from the original on 27 November 2005. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2000) [2000]. Still Moving: Recent Jewish Migration in Comparative Perspective, Daniel J. Elazar and Morton Weinfeld eds., ed. 'The Global Context of Migration to Israel'. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers. pp. 13–60. ISBN 1-56000-428-2. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Herman, Pini (1 September 1983). "The Myth of the Israeli Expatriate". Moment Magazine. 8 (8): 62–63. 
^ Gould, Eric D.; Moav, Omer (2007). "Israel's Brain Drain". Israel Economic Review. Bank of Israel. 5 (1): 1–22. SSRN 2180400 . 
^ Rettig Gur, Haviv (6 April 2008). "Officials to US to bring Israelis home". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Jews, by Continent of Origin, Continent of Birth & Period of Immigration". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "From Sephardi to Mizrahi and Back Again: Changing Meanings of "Sephardi" in Its Social Environments". 
^ "The myth of the Mizrahim". The Guardian. London. 3 April 2009. 
^ Shields, Jacqueline. "Jewish Refugees from Arab Countries". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "Missing Mizrahim". 
^ Okun, Barbara S.; Khait-Marelly, Orna (2006). "Socioeconomic Status and Demographic Behavior of Adult Multiethnics: Jews in Israel" (PDF). Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 October 2013. Retrieved 26 May 2013. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2011). "Jewish Demographic Policies" (PDF). The Jewish People Policy Institute. 
^ "Israel (people)". Encyclopedia.com. 2007. 
^ Yoram Ettinger (5 April 2013). "Defying demographic projections". Israel Hayom. Retrieved 29 October 2013. 
^ a b c "Localities and Population, by Population Group, District, Sub-District and Natural Region". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ a b "Population of Jerusalem, by Age, Religion and Geographical Spreading, 2014" (PDF). The Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "Settlements in the Gaza Strip". Settlement Information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 12 December 2007. 
^ "Localities, Population and Density per Sq. Km., by Metropolitan Area and Selected Localities". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 19 January 2017. 
^ a b c "List of localities, in Alphabetical order" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 16 October 2016. 
^ Roberts 1990, p. 60 Although East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights have been brought directly under Israeli law, by acts that amount to annexation, both of these areas continue to be viewed by the international community as occupied, and their status as regards the applicability of international rules is in most respects identical to that of the West Bank and Gaza.
^ Israel Central Bureau of Statistics: The Ethiopian Community in Israel
^ "Israel may admit 3,000 Ethiopia migrants if Jews". Reuters. 16 July 2009. 
^ Meyer, Bill (17 August 2008). "Israel's welcome for Ethiopian Jews wears thin". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "Study: Soviet immigrants outperform Israeli students". Haaretz. 10 February 2008. 
^ "French radio station RFI makes aliyah". Ynetnews. 5 December 2011. 
^ Spolsky, Bernard (1999). Round Table on Language and Linguistics. Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press. pp. 169–70. ISBN 0-87840-132-6. In 1948, the newly independent state of Israel took over the old British regulations that had set English, Arabic, and Hebrew as official languages for Mandatory Palestine but, as mentioned, dropped English from the list. In spite of this, official language use has maintained a de facto role for English, after Hebrew but before Arabic. 
^ Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava (2004). "Part I: Language and Discourse". In Diskin Ravid, Dorit; Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava. Perspectives on Language and Development: Essays in Honor of Ruth A. Berman. Kluwer Academic Publishers. p. 90. ISBN 1-4020-7911-7. English is not considered official but it plays a dominant role in the educational and public life of Israeli society. ... It is the language most widely used in commerce, business, formal papers, academia, and public interactions, public signs, road directions, names of buildings, etc. English behaves 'as if' it were the second and official language in Israel. 
^ Shohamy, Elana (2006). Language Policy: Hidden Agendas and New Approaches. Routledge. pp. 72–73. ISBN 0-415-32864-0. In terms of English, there is no connection between the declared policies and statements and de facto practices. While English is not declared anywhere as an official language, the reality is that it has a very high and unique status in Israel. It is the main language of the academy, commerce, business, and the public space. 
^ "English programs at Israeli universities and colleges". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ Starr, Kelsey Jo; Masci, David (8 March 2016). "In Israel, Jews are united by homeland but divided into very different groups". Pew Research Center. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "At the edge of the abyss". Haaretz. 24 November 2009. 
^  McMahon, Arthur. L. (1913). "Holy Sepulchre". In Herbermann, Charles. Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company. 
^ Bassok, Moti (25 December 2006). "Israel's Christian population numbers 148,000 as of Christmas Eve". Haaretz. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "National Population Estimates" (PDF). Central Bureau of Statistics: 27. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's disputatious Avigdor Lieberman: Can the coalition hold together?". The Economist. 11 March 2010. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Levine, Lee I. (1999). Jerusalem: its sanctity and centrality to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 516. ISBN 978-0-8264-1024-5. 
^ Hebrew Phrasebook. Lonely Planet Publications. 1 November 1999. p. 156. ISBN 0-86442-528-7. 
^ "The Bahá'í World Centre: Focal Point for a Global Community". The Bahá'í International Community. Archived from the original on 29 June 2007. Retrieved 2 July 2007. 
^ "Teaching the Faith in Israel". Bahá'í Library Online. 23 June 1995. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Kababir and Central Carmel – Multiculturalism on the Carmel". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Visit Haifa". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Education in Ancient Israel". American Bible Society. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Moaz, Asher (July 2007). "Religious Education in Israel". Tel Aviv University Law Faculty Papers. 
^ a b David Adler (10 March 2014). "Ambitious Israeli students look to top institutions abroad". ICEF. Retrieved 20 January 2015. 
^ Karin Kloosterman (30 October 2005). "Bill Gates – Israel is a high tech superpower". Israel21. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Gary Shapiro (11 July 2013). "What Are The Secrets Behind Israel's Growing Innovative Edge?". Forbes. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ "Top Ten Reasons to Invest in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Israel: IT Workforce". Information Technology Landscape in Nations Around the World. American University. Archived from the original on 13 September 2006. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ "Israeli Schools: Religious and Secular Problems". Education Resources Information Center. 10 October 1984. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kashti, Or; Ilan, Shahar (18 July 2007). "Knesset raises school dropout age to 18". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Summary of the Principal Laws Related to Education". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 26 January 2003. Archived from the original on 18 February 2006. Retrieved 4 August 2007. 
^ a b Shetreet, Ida Ben; Woolf, Laura L. (2010). "Education" (PDF). Publications Department. Ministry of Immigrant Absorption. Retrieved 30 August 2012. 
^ "Religion and Education Around the World". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "6. Jewish educational attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "How Religious Groups Differ in Educational Attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "Jews at top of class in first-ever global study of religion and education". 13 December 2016. 
^ "The Israeli Matriculation Certificate". United States-Israel Educational Foundation via the University of Szeged University Library. January 1996. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "המגזר הערבי נוצרי הכי מצליח במערכת החינוך)". Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Christians in Israel: Strong in education". ynet. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ Konstantinov, Viacheslav (2015). "Patterns of Integration into Israeli Society among Immigrants from the Former Soviet Union over the Past Two Decades". Myers-JDC-Brookdale Institute. Retrieved 9 March 2017. 
^ "עולים מחבר העמים מצליחים יותר בבגרויות". וואלה! חדשות. 
^ "Students in Grade 12 - Matriculation Examinees and Those Entitled to a Certificate". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 5 March 2017. 
^ "Higher Education in Israel". Embassy of Israel In India. Archived from the original on 25 July 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Paraszczuk, Joanna (17 July 2012). "Ariel gets university status, despite opposition". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Technion". Technion. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "Israel". Monash University. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "History of the Library". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ a b "Israel". Academic Ranking of World Universities. 2016. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ a b "Field Listing — Executive Branch". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 19 June 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ In 1996, direct elections for the prime minister were inaugurated, but the system was declared unsatisfactory and the old one reinstated. See "Israel's election process explained". BBC News. 23 January 2003. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ "The Electoral System in Israel". The Knesset. Retrieved 8 August 2007. 
^ Mazie 2006, p. 34
^ Charbit, Denis (2014). "Israel's Self-Restrained Secularism from the 1947 Status Quo Letter to the Present". In Berlinerblau, Jacques; Fainberg, Sarah; Nou, Aurora. Secularism on the Edge: Rethinking Church-State Relations in the United States, France, and Israel. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. pp. 167–169. ISBN 978-1-137-38115-6. The compromise, therefore, was to choose constructive ambiguity: as surprising as it may seem, there is no law that declares Judaism the official religion of Israel. However, there is no other law that declares Israel's neutrality toward all confessions. Judaism is not recognized as the official religion of the state, and even though the Jewish, Muslim and Christian clergy receive their salaries from the state, this fact does not make Israel a neutral state. This apparent pluralism cannot dissimulate the fact that Israel displays a clear and undoubtedly hierarchical pluralism in religious matters. ... It is important to note that from a multicultural point of view, this self-restrained secularism allows Muslim law to be practiced in Israel for personal matters of the Muslim community. As surprising as it seems, if not paradoxical for a state in war, Israel is the only Western democratic country in which Sharia enjoys such an official status. 
^ Sharot, Stephen (2007). "Judaism in Israel: Public Religion, Neo-Traditionalism, Messianism, and Ethno-Religious Conflict". In Beckford, James A.; Demerath, Jay. The SAGE Handbook of the Sociology of Religion. London and Thousand Oaks, California: Sage Publications. pp. 671–672. ISBN 978-1-4129-1195-5. It is true that Jewish Israelis, and secular Israelis in particular, conceive of religion as shaped by a state-sponsored religious establishment. There is no formal state religion in Israel, but the state gives its official recognition and financial support to particular religious communities, Jewish, Islamic and Christian, whose religious authorities and courts are empowered to deal with matters of personal status and family law, such as marriage, divorce, and alimony, that are binding on all members of the communities. 
^ Jacoby, Tami Amanda (2005). Women in Zones of Conflict: Power and Resistance in Israel. Montreal, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario: McGill-Queen's University Press. pp. 53–54. ISBN 9780773529939. Although there is no official religion in Israel, there is also no clear separation between religion and state. In Israeli public life, tensions frequently arise among different streams of Judaism: Ultra-Orthodox, National-Religious, Mesorati (Conservative), Reconstructionist Progressive (Reform), and varying combinations of traditionalism and non-observance. Despite this variety in religious observances in society, Orthodox Judaism prevails institutionally over the other streams. This boundary is an historical consequence of the unique evolution of the relationship between Israel nationalism and state building. ... Since the founding period, in order to defuse religious tensions, the State of Israel has adopted what is known as the 'status quo,' an unwritten agreement stipulating that no further changes would be made in the status of religion, and that conflict between the observant and non-observant sectors would be handled circumstantially. The 'status quo' has since pertained to the legal status of both religious and secular Jews in Israel. This situation was designed to appease the religious sector, and has been upheld indefinitely through the disproportionate power of religious political parties in all subsequent coalition governments. ... On one hand, the Declaration of Independence adopted in 1948 explicitly guarantees freedom of religion. On the other, it simultaneously prevents the separation of religion and state in Israel. 
^ Englard, Izhak (Winter 1987). "Law and Religion in Israel". The American Journal of Comparative Law. American Society of Comparative Law. 35 (1): 185–208. JSTOR 840166. doi:10.2307/840166. The great political and ideological importance of religion in the state of Israel manifests itself in the manifold legal provisions concerned with religions phenomenon. ... It is not a system of separation between state and religion as practiced in the U.S.A and several other countries of the world. In Israel a number of religious bodies exercise official functions; the religious law is applied in limited areas 
^ a b "The Judiciary: The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 August 2005. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's high court unique in region". Boston Herald. 9 September 2007. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and the International Criminal Court". Office of the Legal Adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 30 June 2002. Archived from the original on 16 May 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ "The State — Judiciary — The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 October 2006. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "הליך מינוי השופטים בישראל: עובד- אל תיגעו!". Israel Democracy Institute. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Suzi Navot (2007). Constitutional Law of Israel. Kluwer Law International. p. 146. ISBN 9789041126511. 
^ "Introduction to the Tables: Geophysical Characteristics" (doc). Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 4 September 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell. "Israel Makes Peace With Egypt". Jewish Virtual Library. American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "Resolution 497 (1981)". United Nations. 1981. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "East Jerusalem: UNSC Res. 478". UN. 1980. Retrieved 10 April 2010. 
^ "Arabs will ask U.N. to seek razing of Israeli wall". NBCNews.com. 9 July 2004. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ "Olmert: Willing to trade land for peace". Ynetnews. 16 December 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2007. 
^ "Syria ready to discuss land for peace". The Jerusalem Post. 12 June 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Egypt: Israel must accept the land-for-peace formula". The Jerusalem Post. 15 March 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "A/RES/36/147. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "The Avalon Project : United Nations Security Council Resolution 605". avalon.law.yale.edu. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans". BBC News. 25 January 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Rudoren, Jodi; Sengupta, Somini (22 June 2015). "U.N. Report on Gaza Finds Evidence of War Crimes by Israel and by Palestinian Militants". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Human Rights Council establishes Independent, International Commission of Inquiry for the Occupied Palestinian Territory". www.ohchr.org. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Faced with Israeli denial of access to Occupied Palestinian Territory, UN expert resigns". Archived from the original on 5 December 2016. 
^ "Human Rights Council adopts six resolutions and closes its thirty-first regular session". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Israel and The Occupied Territories - The Occupied Territories". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Heyer, Julia Amalia. "Kids Behind Bars: Israel's Arbitrary Arrests of Palestinian Minors". SPIEGEL ONLINE. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories 2016/2017". Amnesty International. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Eight hundred dead Palestinians. But Israel has impunity". The Independent. 26 July 2014. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Isfahan, About the Author Ali OmidiDr Ali Omidi is Assistant Professor of International Relations in the University of (11 August 2014). "Why Israel’s Impunity Goes Unpunished by International Authorities". Foreign Policy Journal. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "How impunity defines Israel and victimises Palestinians". Al Jazeera. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Barghouti, Marwan (16 April 2017). "Why We Are on Hunger Strike in Israel’s Prisons". The New York Times. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Dorfman, Zach. "George Mitchell wrote 'A Path to Peace' about Israel and Palestine. Is there one?". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Outrage over Maimane's visit to Israel". Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "The subordination of Palestinian rights must stop". The National. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Palestine-Israel Journal: Settlements and the Palestinian Right to Self-Determination". www.pij.org. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Hammond, Jeremy R. "The Rejection of Palestinian Self Determination" (PDF). Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Top US senator clashes with Netanyahu over Israeli rights record". POLITICO. 31 March 2016. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Allegations of Israeli Human Rights Violations Closely Scrutinized, Says U.S. State Department". Haaretz. 6 May 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Gilboa, Eytan (2006-10-01). "Public Diplomacy: The Missing Component in Israel's Foreign Policy". Israel Affairs. 12 (4): 715–747. ISSN 1353-7121. doi:10.1080/13533310600890067. 
^ Nikki Haley urges UN to shift its criticism from Israel to Iran, 20th April 2017, Times of Israel
^ U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘The Days of Israel-Bashing Are Over’, 28th March 2017, National Review
^ "Ban Ki-moon recognizes bias against Israel in last Security Council speech". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Annan: Solution for refugees in Palestinian state". Ynetnews. Retrieved 2017-04-27. 
^ "UNRWA in Figures: Figures as of 30 June 2009" (PDF). United Nations. June 2009. Retrieved 27 September 2007. 
^ "Questions and Answers". Israel's Security Fence. The State of Israel. 22 February 2004. Archived from the original on 3 October 2013. Retrieved 17 April 2007. 
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "Refworld | West Bank Barrier Route Projections, July 2008". Unhcr.org. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Under the Guise of Security: Routing the Separation Barrier to Enable Israeli Settlement Expansion in the West Bank". Publications. B'Tselem. December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Situation Report on the Humanitarian Situation in the Gaza Strip". Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. 
^ "The occupied Palestinian territories: Dignity Denied". International Committee of the Red Cross. 13 December 2007. 
^ "Israel/Palestine". Human Rights Watch. 2013. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict" (PDF). United Nations Human Rights Council. 15 September 2009. p. 85. 
^ "Israel/Occupied Territories: Road to nowhere". Amnesty International. 1 December 2006. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. 
^ a b "The scope of Israeli control in the Gaza Strip". B'Tselem. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Agreed documents on movement and access from and to Gaza". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 15 November 2005. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel's Diplomatic Missions Abroad: Status of relations". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ Mohammed Mostafa Kamal (21 July 2012). "Why Doesn't the Muslim World Recognize Israel?". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 30 November 2015. 
^ "Massive Israel protests hit universities" (Egyptian Mail, 16 March 2010) "According to most Egyptians, almost 31 years after a peace treaty was signed between Egypt and Israel, having normal ties between the two countries is still a potent accusation and Israel is largely considered to be an enemy country"
^ "Initial Periodic Report of the State of Israel Concerning the Implementation of the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC)" (PDF). Israel Ministry of Justice. February 2001: 147 (173 using pdf numbering). Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 September 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ הוראות הדין הישראלי (in Hebrew). Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 2004. Archived from the original on 1 July 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 37–39, 47
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 47–49
^ "Qatar, Mauritania cut Israel ties". Al Jazeera English. 17 January 2009. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Abn, Abi (14 January 2009). "Bolivia rompe relaciones diplomáticas con Israel y anuncia demanda por genocidio en Gaza" (in Spanish). YVKE Mundial Radio. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2010. 
^ "The Recognition of Israel". JSTOR 2193961. 
^ "U.S. Relations With Israel Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Fact Sheet March 10, 2014". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Israel: Background and Relations with the United States Updated" (PDF). Defense Technical Information Center. Retrieved 19 October 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Overseas Loans and Grants" (PDF). 
^ "U.S. Government Foreign Grants and Credits by Type and Country: 2000 to 2010" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-10-20. 
^ "Foreign Aid". Archived from the original on 2007-12-25. 
^ "The bilateral relationship". UK in Israel. Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Congressional Research Service: Germany's Relations with Israel: Background and Implications for German Middle East Policy, Jan 19, 2007. (page CRS-2)" (PDF). Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ Eric Maurice (5 March 2015). "EU to Revise Relations with Turbulent Neighbourhood". EUobserver. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Abadi 2004, p. 3. "However, it was not until 1991 that the two countries established full diplomatic relations."
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 4–6
^ Uzer, Umut (26 March 2013). "Turkish-Israeli Relations: Their Rise and Fall". Middle East Policy. XX (1): 97–110. doi:10.1111/mepo.12007. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ "Israel woos Greece after rift with Turkey". BBC News. 16 October 2010. 
^ "Turkey, Greece discuss exploration off Cyprus". Haaretz. Associated Press. 26 September 2011. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Benari, Elad (5 March 2012). "Israel, Cyprus Sign Deal for Underwater Electricity Cable". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Kumar, Dinesh. "India and Israel: Dawn of a New Era" (PDF). Jerusalem Institute for Western Defense. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Eichner, Itamar (4 March 2009). "From India with love". Ynetnews. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Nitin Gadkari to visit Israel tomorrow". World Snap. 13 December 2010. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "India to hold wide-ranging strategic talks with US, Israel". The Times of India. 19 January 2010. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Iran and Israel in Africa: A search for allies in a hostile world". The Economist. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ World Giving Index (PDF) (Report). Charities Aid Foundation. October 2016. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Pfeffer, Anshel (April 28, 2015). "The Downsides of Israel's Missions of Mercy Abroad". Haaretz. Retrieved November 22, 2015. And even when no Israelis are involved, few countries are as fast as Israel in mobilizing entire delegations to rush to the other side of the world. It has been proved time and again in recent years, after the earthquake in Haiti, the typhoon in the Philippines and the quake/tsunami/nuclear disaster in Japan. For a country of Israel's size and resources, without conveniently located aircraft carriers and overseas bases, it is quite an impressive achievement. 
^ "About MASHAV". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Haim Yacobi, Israel and Africa: A Genealogy of Moral Geography, Routledge, 2015 p.113.
^ Ki-moon, Ban (1 December 2016). "Secretary-General's remarks at reception in honour of ZAKA International Rescue Unit [as prepared for delivery]". United Nations. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Ueriel Hellman,"Israeli aid effort helps Haitians – and Israel's image", Jewish Telegraphic Agency 19 January 2010
^ "Israel's 'superwoman' takes flight to help others – ISRAEL21c". Israel21c. 
^ "Wolfson cardiac surgeons save lives of more Gazan children". The Jerusalem Post - JPost.com. 
^ "Earthquake in Haiti – Latet Organization deploys for immediate relief to victims". ReliefWeb. 
^ "When catastrophe strikes the IDF is there to help". Israel Today. May 20, 2015. Retrieved November 24, 2015. 
^ Benhorin, Yitzhak (18 January 2010). "Praise for Israeli mission in Haiti: 'Only ones operating'". Ynet. Retrieved 25 November 2015. 
^ "International Aid to Haiti: Who's Giving". Cbsnews.com. 14 January 2010. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Marcy Oster, Israeli delegation leaves Haiti Jewish Telegraphic Agency January 27, 2010.
^ "Heart surgery for Haitian child". Israel21c. 27 January 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "IDF team returns from Haiti". The canadian Jewish news. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Israeli aid delegation leaves for Japan". Ynetnews. 26 March 2011. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Kinue Tokudome, 'Promise fulfilled Israelìs Medical Team in Japan,' The Jerusalem Post 18 April 2015.
^ "History: 1948". Israel Defense Forces. 2007. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Henderson 2003, p. 97
^ "The State: Israel Defense Forces (IDF)". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 13 March 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Defense Forces". GlobalSecurity.org. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ "Tel Aviv-Yaffo Municipality, Beaches" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 12 July 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012. 
^ "The Israel Defense Forces". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 21 October 2006. 
^ Stendel 1997, pp. 191–192
^ Shtrasler, Nehemia (16 May 2007). "Cool law, for wrong population". Haaretz. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Sherut Leumi (National Service)". Nefesh B'Nefesh. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Military Balance: Israel (PDF) (Report). The Institute for National Security Studies. 26 November 2014. p. 10. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (30 March 2007). "'Arrow can fully protect against Iran'". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Israeli Mirage III and Nesher Aces, By Shlomo Aloni, (Osprey 2004), page 60
^ Spike Anti-Tank Missile, Israel army-technology.com
^ Robert Johnson (19 November 2012). "How Israel Developed Such A Shockingly Effective Rocket Defense System". Business Insider. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Sarah Tory (19 November 2012). "A Missile-Defense System That Actually Works?". Slate. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Zorn, E. L. (8 May 2007). "Israel's Quest for Satellite Intelligence". Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (11 June 2007). "Analysis: Eyes in the sky". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ ElBaradei, Mohamed (27 July 2004). "Transcript of the Director General's Interview with Al-Ahram News". International Atomic Energy Agency. Archived from the original on 18 April 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction: Assessing the Risks" (PDF). Office of Technology Assessment. August 1993. pp. 65, 84. Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 May 2012. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "Background Information". 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). United Nations. 27 May 2005. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ Ziv, Guy, "To Disclose or Not to Disclose: The Impact of Nuclear Ambiguity on Israeli Security," Israel Studies Forum, Vol. 22, No. 2 (Winter 2007): 76–94
^ "Popeye Turbo". Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ "Glossary". Israel Homeowner. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Defence Expenditure in Israel, 1950-2015 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 29 May 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Military expenditure (% of GDP)". World Development Indicators. World Bank. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Trends in world military expenditure, 2015 (PDF) (Report). Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. 5 April 2016. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Sharp, Jeremy M. (22 December 2016). U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel (PDF) (Report). Congressional Research Service. p. 36. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ Lake, Eli (15 September 2016). "The U.S.-Israel Memorandum of Misunderstanding". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 March 2017. 
^ "TOP LIST TIV TABLES". Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Israel reveals more than $7 billion in arms sales, but few names By Gili Cohen | 9 January 2014, Haaretz
^ "Global Peace Index 2017". Institute for Economics and Peace. 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Northern and Western Asia". 
^ "List of OECD Member countries — Ratification of the Convention on the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Schwab, Klaus (2016). The Global Competitiveness Report 2016–2017 (PDF) (Report). World Economic Forum. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Doing Business in Israel". World Bank. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Bounfour, Ahmed; Edvinsson, Leif (2005). Intellectual Capital for Communities: Nations, Regions, and Cities. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 47 (368 pages). ISBN 0-7506-7773-2. 
^ Richard Behar (11 May 2016). "Inside Israel's Secret Startup Machine". Forbes. Retrieved 30 October 2016. 
^ "The 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Scoreboard" (PDF). International Institute for Management Development. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Israel". Human Capital Report. World Economic Forum. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Tel Aviv Stock Exchange inaugurates trading in new building, By GLOBES, NIV ELIS, 09/08/2014
^ "Israel's International Investment Position (IIP), June 2015" (Press release). Bank of Israel. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 29 January 2017. 
^ Krawitz, Avi (27 February 2007). "Intel to expand Jerusalem R&D". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Microsoft Israel R&D center: Leadership". Microsoft. Archived from the original on 13 March 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. Avi returned to Israel in 1991, and established the first Microsoft R&D Center outside the US ... 
^ "Berkshire Announces Acquisition". New York Times. 6 May 2006. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ Koren, Orah (26 June 2012). "Instead of 4 work days: 6 optional days to be considered half day-outs". The Marker. Retrieved 26 June 2012.  (in Hebrew)
^ a b Haviv Rettig Gur (9 October 2013). "Tiny Israel a Nobel heavyweight, especially in chemistry". The Times of Israel. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Israel keen on IT tie-ups". Business Line. Chennai, India. 10 January 2001. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Israel's technology industry: Punching above its weight". The Economist. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Jamrisko, Michelle; Lu, Wei (17 January 2017). "These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies". Bloomberg. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Research and development expenditure (% of GDP)". World Bank. Retrieved 27 January 2017. 
^ Shteinbuk, Eduard (22 July 2011). "R&D and Innovation as a Growth Engine" (PDF). National Research University – Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 11 May 2013. 
^ "InvestinIsrael" (PDF). 
^ Investing in IsraelArchived 9 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Heylin, Michael (27 November 2006). "Globalization of Science Rolls On" (PDF). Chemical & Engineering News. American Chemical Society: 29–31. Retrieved 5 February 2013. 
^ Gordon, Evelyn (24 August 2006). "Kicking the global oil habit". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yarden Skop. "Israel's scientific fall from grace: Study shows drastic decline in publications per capita". Haaretz. 
^ Stafford, Ned (21 March 2006). "Stem cell density highest in Israel". The Scientist. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Futron Releases 2012 Space Competitiveness Index". Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ O'Sullivan, Arieh (9 July 2012). "Israel's domestic satellite industry saved". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 9 December 2012. The Amos 6 will be IAI's 14th satellite 
^ Tran, Mark (21 January 2008). "Israel launches new satellite to spy on Iran". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Space launch systems – Shavit". Deagel. Retrieved 19 November 2013. 
^ e-Teacher (9 February 2010). "Learning Hebrew Online – Colonel Ilan Ramon". The Jerusalem Post. Archived from the original on 8 December 2015. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Talbot, David (2015). "Megascale Desalination". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ Federman, Josef (30 May 2014). "Israel solves water woes with desalination". Associated Press. Archived from the original on 2 June 2014. Retrieved May 30, 2014. 
^ Kershner, Isabel (2015-05-29). "Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe: Drought". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-05-31. 
^ "What You Israelis Have Done With Water Tech is Simply Amazing". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 16 November 2011. 
^ "Ashkelon, Israel". water-technology.net. 
^ Rabinovitch, Ari (6 December 2011). "Desalination plant could make Israel water exporter". Reuters. Jerusalem. 
^ Lettice, John (25 January 2008). "Giant solar plants in Negev could power Israel's future". The Register. 
^ a b Gradstein, Linda (22 October 2007). "Israel Pushes Solar Energy Technology". NPR. 
^ a b Parry, Tom (15 August 2007). "Looking to the sun". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on 24 September 2008. 
^ a b Sandler, Neal (26 March 2008). "At the Zenith of Solar Energy". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Del Chiaro, Bernadette; Telleen-Lawton, Timothy. "Solar Water Heating: How California Can Reduce Its Dependence on Natural Gas" (PDF). Environment California. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Berner, Joachim (January 2008). "Solar, what else?!" (PDF). Sun & Wind Energy. Israel Special. p. 88. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ "Will Israel's Electric Cars Change the World?". Time. 26 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric cars are all the rage in Israel". FT. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Israel to keep electric car recharging fees low". Haaretz. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Baby you can drive my electric car". Jpost. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric Car Company Folds After Taking $850 Million From GE And Others". Business Insider. 26 May 2013. 
^ "Roads, by Length and Area". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b "3.09 Million Motor Vehicles in Israel in 2015". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 30 March 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "Bus Services on Scheduled Routes" (PDF). Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics. 2009. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ a b "Railway Services". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b c "Transportation in Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. 1 November 2001. ISBN 0-08-043448-7. Archived from the original on 6 July 2008. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ "Statistics". Israel Airports Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ Burstein, Nathan (14 August 2007). "Tourist visits above pre-war level". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yifa Yaakov (10 January 2014). "2013 'record year' for tourism, government says". Times of Israel. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Ziv Reinstein (10 January 2014). "2013: Record year for incoming tourism". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Wainer, David; Ben-David, Calev (22 April 2010). "Israel Billionaire Tshuva Strikes Gas, Fueling Expansion in Energy, Hotels". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on 12 January 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Technical Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Environmental Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Arava Power Company". Archived from the original on July 7, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Roca, Marc (May 22, 2012), "Arava Closes Funding For $204 Million Israeli Solar Plants", Bloomberg, retrieved June 3, 2012 
^ "Asian Studies: Israel as a 'Melting Pot'". National Research University Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 18 April 2012. 
^ "Jewish Festivals and Days of Remembrance in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ Ran, Ami (25 August 1998). "Encounters: The Vernacular Paradox of Israeli Architecture". Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 6 September 2007. 
^ Brinn, David (23 October 2005). "Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian DJs create bridge for peace". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The International Israeli Table". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 26 June 2009. 
^ "Amos Oz is most translated Israeli author". Ynetnews. 10 February 2009. 
^ "Depositing Books to The Jewish National & University Library". Jewish National and University Library. Retrieved 21 August 2007. 
^ "Statistics for 2015". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1966". Nobel Foundation. Retrieved 12 August 2007. 
^ "Palestinian 'national poet' dies". BBC News. 9 August 2008. 
^ Broughton, Ellingham & Trillo 1999, pp. 365–369
^ "Israel". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 10 February 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1095
^ Ewbank, Alison J.; Papageorgiou, Fouli T. (1997). Whose Master's Voice?: The Development of Popular Music in Thirteen Cultures. Greenwood Press. p. 117. ISBN 978-0-313-27772-6. 
^ Davis, Barry (5 February 2007). "Israel Philharmonic Orchestra celebrates 70th anniversary". Ministry of Foreign Affairs (from Israel21c). Archived from the original on 6 February 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "History". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "About the Red Sea Jazz Festival". Red Sea Jazz Festival. Archived from the original on 12 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ The Cambridge Dictionary of Judaism and Jewish Culture, (Cambridge University Press 2011), edited by Judith R. Baskin, Judith Reesa Baskin, page 125
^ "Israeli Folk Music". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 3 January 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Brown, Hannah (2 February 2010). "'Ajami' nominated for Oscar". Jerusalem Post. 
^ התיאטרון הלאומי הבימה (in Hebrew). Habima National Theatre. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ Dunham, Jennifer (2016). "Freedom of the Press". Freedom House. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Diab, Khaled (11 February 2013). "Preaching – and Practicing – Media Freedom in the Middle East". Haaretz. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ "Reporting constrained by terror in the Middle East and North Africa". Reporters Without Borders. 2016. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ a b "About the Museum". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Shrine of the Book". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "About Yad Vashem". Yad Vashem. Archived from the original on 14 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Museum Information". Beth Hatefutsoth. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ TravelNet in cooperation with Israel museums. "Mishkan LeOmanut, Ein Harod". Ilmuseums.com. Archived from the original on 27 December 2008. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Ahituv, Netta (29 January 2013). "10 of Israel's best museums". CNN. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Rast, Walter E. (1992). Through the Ages in Palestinian Archaeology: An Introductory Handbook. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 50. ISBN 9781563380556. "Galilee man" (lowercase "m") in this source is a typo – ref. Solo Man, Peking Man and so forth. 
^ "The Israel Museum Permanent Exhibitions: Archaeology Wing – The Dawn of Civilization". New York: The Ridgefield Foundation. 1995. Skull (cast) Zuttiyeh Cave Lower Palaeolithic. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ a b c Yael Raviv, Falafel Nation, University of Nebraska Press, 2015
^ Uzi Rebhun, Lilakh Lev Ari, American Israelis: Migration, Transnationalism, and Diasporic Identity, BRILL, 2010 pp.112–113.
^ Julia Bernstein, Food for Thought: Transnational Contested Identities and Food Practices of Russian-Speaking Jewish Migrants in Israel and Germany, Campus Verlag, 2010 pp.227,233–234.
^ a b Bernstein, pp. 231–233.
^ "Israel's Pork Problem". Slate. New York. 8 August 2012. Retrieved 28 December 2015. 
^ Torstrick 2004, p. 141
^ "Basketball Super League Profile". Winner Basketball Super League. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Barred from Asian Games". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 26 July 1976. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv – Welcome to EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL". Archived from the original on 25 June 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Pawn stars shine in new 'national sport'". Haaretz. Retrieved 21 May 2012. 
^ "Chess in Schools in Israel: Progress report". FIDE. 28 May 2012. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bekerman, Eitan (4 September 2006). "Chess masters set to blitz Rishon Letzion". Haaretz. 
^ "World Team Championship in Beer Sheva, Israel". World Chess Federation. 1 November 2005. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Tzahor, Uri (26 November 2008). "Israel takes silver medal in Chess Olympiad". Ynetnews. 
^ Shvidler, Eli (15 December 2009). "Israeli grand master Boris Gelfand wins Chess World Cup". Haaretz. 
^ "Israel". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Tel Aviv 1968". International Paralympic Committee. Archived from the original on 20 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Shahar PEER". International Tennis Federation. Retrieved 19 February 2017. 
^ Ellis, Judy (4 May 1998). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!". TIME. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 


Bibliography


McNutt, Paula M. (1999). Reconstructing the Society of Ancient Israel. Westminster John Knox. ISBN 978-0664222659. 
Miller, Robert D. (2012) [First published 2005]. Chieftains of the Highland Clans. ISBN 978-1620322086. 
Abadi, Jacob (2004). Israel's Quest for Recognition and Acceptance in Asia: Garrison State Diplomacy. Routledge. ISBN 0-7146-5576-7. 
Barton, John; Bowden, Julie (2004). The Original Story: God, Israel and the World. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8028-2900-7. 
Ben-Sasson, Hayim (1985). A History of the Jewish People. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-39731-6. 
Bregman, Ahron (2002). A History of Israel. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-333-67631-9. 
Broughton, Simon; Ellingham, Mark; Trillo, Richard (1999). World Music: The Rough Guide. Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-635-2. 
Cole, Tim (2003). Holocaust City: The Making of a Jewish Ghetto. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92968-7. 
Fraser, T. G. (2004). The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Palgrave Macmillan Limited. ISBN 9781403913388. Retrieved 12 May 2013. 
Friedland, Roger; Hecht, Richard (2000). To Rule Jerusalem. University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-22092-7. 
Gelvin, James L. (2005). The Israel-Palestine Conflict: One Hundred Years of War. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-85289-7. 
Gilbert, Martin (2005). The Routledge Atlas Of The Arab–Israeli conflict (8th ed.). Routledge. ISBN 0-415-35900-7. 
Goldreich, Yair (2003). The Climate of Israel: Observation, Research and Application. Springer. ISBN 0-306-47445-X. 
Harkavy, Robert E.; Neuman, Stephanie G. (2001). Warfare and the Third World. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-24012-0. 
Henderson, Robert D'A. (2003). Brassey's International Intelligence Yearbook (2003 ed.). Brassey's Inc. ISBN 1-57488-550-2. 
Herzl, Theodor (1946). The Jewish State. American Zionist Emergency Council. ISBN 0-486-25849-1. 
Jacobs, Daniel (1998). Israel and the Palestinian Territories: The Rough Guide (2nd revised ed.). Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-248-9. 
Kellerman, Aharon (1993). Society and Settlement: Jewish Land of Israel in the Twentieth Century. State University of New York Press. ISBN 0-7914-1295-4. 
Kornberg, Jacques (1993). Theodor Herzl: From Assimilation to Zionism. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33203-6. 
Lustick, Ian (1988). For the Land and the Lord: Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. Council on Foreign Relations Press. ISBN 0-87609-036-6. 
Mazie, Steven (2006). Israel's Higher Law: Religion and Liberal Democracy in the Jewish State. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-1485-9. 
Morçöl, Göktuğ (2006). Handbook of Decision Making. CRC Press. ISBN 1-57444-548-0. 
Mowlana, Hamid; Gerbner, George; Schiller, Herbert I. (1992). Triumph of the File: The Media's War in the Persian Gulf — A Global Perspective. Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-1610-3. 
Roberts, Adam (1990). "Prolonged Military Occupation: The Israeli-Occupied Territories Since 1967". The American Journal of International Law. American Society of International Law. 84 (1): 44–103. JSTOR 2203016. doi:10.2307/2203016. 
Romano, Amy (2003). A Historical Atlas of Israel. The Rosen Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8239-3978-2. 
Rosenzweig, Rafael (1997). The Economic Consequences of Zionism. T Brill Academic Publishers. ISBN 90-04-09147-5. 
Rummel, Rudolph J. (1997). Power Kills: Democracy As a Method of Nonviolence. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-7658-0523-5. 
Scharfstein, Sol (1996). Understanding Jewish History. KTAV Publishing House. ISBN 0-88125-545-9. 
Segev, Tom (2007). 1967: Israel, the War, and the Year that Transformed the Middle East. Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 9780805070576. 
Shindler, Colin (2002). The Land Beyond Promise: Israel, Likud and the Zionist Dream. I.B.Tauris Publishers. ISBN 1-86064-774-X. 
Skolnik, Fred (2007). Encyclopedia Judaica. 9 (2nd ed.). Macmillian. ISBN 0-02-865928-7. 
Smith, Derek (2006). Deterring America: Rogue States and the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86465-8. 
Stein, Leslie (2003). The Hope Fulfilled: The Rise of Modern Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-275-97141-4. 
Stendel, Ori (1997). The Arabs in Israel. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 1-898723-23-0. 
Stone, Russell A.; Zenner, Walter P. (1994). Critical Essays on Israeli Social Issues and Scholarship. SUNY Press. ISBN 0-7914-1959-2. 
Torstrick, Rebecca L. (2004). Culture and Customs of Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-32091-8. 


External links

Find more aboutIsraelat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Government


Government services and information website
About Israel at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Official website of the Israel Prime Minister's Office
Official website of the Israel Ministry of Tourism
Official website of the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics


General information


"Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Israel at the Jewish Virtual Library
Israel at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Key Development Forecasts for Israel from International Futures
Israel at DMOZ


Maps


 Wikimedia Atlas of Israel
 Geographic data related to Israel at OpenStreetMap

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›

 Israel (including the  State of Palestine)






 Cyprus
 Lebanon
 Syria



Levantine Sea
(part of the Mediterranean Sea)

 Jordan








   Israel  











 Egypt
Gulf of Eilat
 Saudi Arabia








v
t
e


Israel articles



History



Antiquity
Second Temple period
Old Yishuv
Zionism

Yishuv
Independence


Arab–Israeli conflict

Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Peace process


Timeline

by year







Geography







Borders
Cities
Districts
Lakes

Dead Sea
Sea of Galilee


Land of Israel
National parks and nature reserves
Rivers

Jordan River


Wildlife








Politics







Cabinet

Prime Minister


Elections
Foreign relations
Knesset (parliament)

Parties


Law

Basic Laws
Judiciary


President
System of government








Security



Censorship
Civil defense
Intelligence Community

Aman
Mossad
Shin Bet


Israel Defense Forces

Conscription
Structure


Police
Wars
West Bank barrier





Economy







Agriculture
Banking
Companies
Diamond industry
Energy
Science and technology
Taxation
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tourism
Transport
Water supply and sanitation








Society







Aliyah
Crime
Demographics

People


Education
Healthcare
Human rights
Kibbutz
Languages

Hebrew
Arabic


Religion
Standard of living
Women





Culture



Archaeology
Architecture
Cinema
Cuisine
Literature
Media
Museums
Music
National symbols
Public holidays
Sport
Visual arts
World Heritage Sites












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Middle East






Bahrain
Cyprus
Egypt
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Northern Cyprus
Oman
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen











Conflicts
Cuisine
Etiquette
History

timeline


Music












v
t
e


Countries and territories of the Mediterranean Sea



Sovereign states



Albania
Algeria
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Cyprus
Egypt
France
Greece
Israel
Italy
Lebanon
Libya
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Slovenia
Spain
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey





States with limited recognition



Northern Cyprus
Palestine





Dependencies and other territories



Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK)
Gibraltar (UK)












v
t
e


OECD members



Member states



 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 Chile
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Greece
 Hungary
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Poland
 Portugal
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sweden
  Switzerland
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


States with limited recognition




Details concerning international recognition and foreign relations provided by the articles linked in parenthesis



UN member states




Partially unrecognised



Armenia

relations


China

relations


Cyprus

relations


Israel

recognition
relations


North Korea

relations


South Korea

relations











Non-UN member
states






Recognised by at least
one UN member




Abkhazia

recognition
relations


Kosovo

recognition
relations


Northern Cyprus

relations


Palestine

recognition
relations


Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

recognition
relations


South Ossetia

recognition
relations


Taiwan

relations








Recognised only by
non-UN members




Nagorno-Karabakh

recognition
relations


Transnistria

recognition
relations







Unrecognised



Somaliland

relations

















v
t
e


Zionism and the Land of Israel







Historic region of Israel
Independent Israel
Modern Israel










History


Prehistory / History of the Levant
History of ancient Israel and Judah
Laws and customs of the Land of Israel in Judaism


The Jewish people


Timeline of Jewish history
History of the Jews and Judaism in the Land of Israel (leaders)
Modern Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel



History of Israel
Israeli Jews
Culture of Israel
Law of Return








History to 1948



Zionism (history · timeline)
Aliyah
Theodor Herzl
Balfour Declaration












History



UN Partition Plan
Declaration of Independence



Politics

Arab–Israeli conflict · Israeli–Palestinian conflict (Peace process · Disengagement from Gaza
Society and economy

Kibbutzim and Moshavim · Exodus from Arab countries · Development towns · Austerity · Agriculture technology











Green Line


Israeli settlements
Timeline
International law




West Bank
Judea and Samaria Area




Gaza Strip
Geography
Hof Aza Regional Council




East Jerusalem
Positions on Jerusalem

















Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 146498911
LCCN: n79003285
ISNI: 0000 0004 0372 0767
GND: 4027808-6
SELIBR: 149293
SUDOC: 02638955X
BNF: cb118646298 (data)
NLA: 35237752
NDL: 00564274
NKC: ge129403
BNE: XX451232










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Israel&oldid=792082222"					
Categories: Israel1948 establishments in Asia1948 establishments in IsraelArabic-speaking countries and territoriesCountries in AsiaEastern MediterraneanHebrew words and phrasesLiberal democraciesMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsMiddle Eastern countriesNear Eastern countriesPalestine (region)RepublicsStates and territories established in 1948Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsCS1 maint: Extra textArticles needing more detailed referencesPages with broken reference namesCS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listArticles incorporating a citation from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia with Wikisource referenceCS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionCoordinates on WikidataUse dmy dates from September 2015Articles containing Hebrew-language textArticles containing Arabic-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with hAudio microformatsArticles containing Greek-language textArticles with minor POV problems from May 2015All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles needing style editingWikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2016Articles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersArticles containing video clipsPages with graphs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanঅসমীয়াAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNa Vosa VakavitiNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaRipoarischRomânăRomaniRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskSesotho sa LeboaShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 10:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boycotts of Israel - Wikipedia



















 







Boycotts of Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable. Please help this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged or deleted. (November 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Boycotts of Israel are a systematic practice of avoiding economic, political and cultural ties with the State of Israel, with individual Israelis or with Israeli-based companies or organizations.[1] Boycott campaigns are used by those who oppose Israel's existence,[citation needed] or oppose Israel's policies or actions over the course of the Arab–Israeli conflict, in order to not show support for Israel in general, or the Israeli economy or military in particular.
Boycotts have been enacted or proposed around the world. These boycotts comprise economic measures such as divestment; a consumer boycotts of Israeli products or businesses that operate in Israel; and academic boycotts of Israeli universities. Some advocates of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign use the 1980s movement against South African apartheid as a model. This is due to the fact that boycotters consider Israel's treatment of the Palestinians and its Arab minority as similar to the system of Apartheid in South Africa.[2]



Contents


1 History
2 Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
3 List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts

3.1 Disinvestments


4 Academic boycotts
5 Arms embargoes
6 Artistic boycotts
7 Reception
8 United States government response

8.1 What do the laws prohibit?
8.2 What must be reported?
8.3 Penalties

8.3.1 Criminal
8.3.2 Administrative




9 Israeli government response
10 Australian government response
11 French supreme court verdict
12 United Kingdom
13 See also
14 References



History
In Mandatory Palestine (1920–1948), anti-Zionist boycotts of Jewish-owned businesses were a tool employed by Arab leadership in an attempt to damage the Jewish population of Palestine economically, especially during periods of communal strife between Jews and Arabs. The most severe attempt to boycott Jewish businesses was undertaken by the Arab Higher Committee, headed by Haj Amin al-Husayni in 1936, beginning the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine.
An official organized boycott was adopted by the Arab League in December 1945, before the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,[3] and was continued and intensified after. The Arab League boycott of Israel is an effort by Arab League member states to isolate Israel economically to prevent Arab states and discourage non-Arabs from providing support to Israel and adding to Israel's economic and military strength.[4]
Originally, the Arab boycott had a moderate negative impact on Israel's economy and development. Inevitably the economies of participating Arab nations also suffered as the result of a deterioration in the foreign direct investment climate in the Arab world, and reduction in the volume of trade. Whether or not the Arab nations in question were aware of the potential risks to their own economies is still unknown. There is still debate as to whether they, in unison, viewed the economic sanctions as a necessary sacrifice to slow the development of the newly declared Israeli state, on land previously belonging to and under the control of Arab nations.[5][unreliable source]
Egypt (1979), the Palestinian Authority (1993), and Jordan (1994) signed peace treaties or agreements that ended their participation in the boycott of Israel. Mauritania, which never applied the boycott, established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia do not enforce the boycott.[6]
In 1994, following the Oslo Peace Accords, the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) states, ended their participation in the Arab boycott against Israel,[5] and stated that total elimination of the boycott is a necessary step for peace and economic development in the region.[6] In present days, the Arab boycott is rarely applied. The move prompted a surge of investment in Israel, and resulted in the initiation of joint cooperation projects between Israel and Arab countries.[5][unreliable source]
Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
Main article: Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
In 2005, on the one year anniversary of the International Court of Justice's ruling on the legality of Israeli West Bank barrier, Palestinian NGOs and labor unions issued a call for boycott, divestment and sanctions targeted at Israel with the stated goals that:

These non-violent punitive measures should be maintained until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people's inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by:

Ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall;
Recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality; and
Respecting, protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194.


According to a survey by Geocartography Knowledge, 85% of Palestinian residents in the West Bank are interested in cooperation with Israel.[7] The PLO, its branches, Palestinian businesses and universities cooperate with Israel daily. According to the head of the Federation of Trade Unions of Palestine, Shaher Saad, in 2011 the number of Palestinians employed in Israeli settlements increased significantly to around 31,000 due to the high rate of unemployment and poverty, and that about 70,000 worked in Israel proper.[8] Sari Nusseibeh, president of Al-Quds University, opposed a boycott of Israeli universities in 2014; other Palestinian academics also told the New York Times they oppose cutting ties to Israeli universities, however opinions of academics were split, with at least some of those who favour BDS noting they were unsure if BDS will have any effect.[9]
List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


Main article: Disinvestment from Israel




A sign on the front door of a Palestinian house: "I have a clear conscience, do you? This home is free of products produced in [Israeli] Settlements."






Protest against Israel's Gaza Blockade and raid on Mavi Marmara – Melbourne 5 June 2010.






Members of the Neturei Karta Orthodox Jewish group protest against the Israeli occupation of Palestine.






Protests calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in Tanzania.






Protests in Ireland against Israeli bombings and air strikes in the occupied Palestinian territories.






Supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement in Berlin, Germany calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine following Israeli military bombings in Gaza.






Protest in Bratislava, Slovakia following the 2009 bombings of Gaza.



In December 2005, the Sør-Trøndelag regional council of Norway passed a motion calling for a comprehensive boycott of Israeli goods. The council acted as a result of lobbying by Norwegian activists, who had launched a national "Boycott Israel" campaign in June 2005.[10]
In May 2006, the Ontario section of the Canadian Union of Public Employees approved a resolution to "support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel until that state recognizes the Palestinian right to self-determination" and to protest the Israeli West Bank barrier.[11][12][13]
The Congress of South African Trade Unions published a letter expressing their support for the CUPE boycott of Israel.[14]
The Toronto assembly of the United Church of Canada (UCC) supports CUPE's boycott. In 2003, the Toronto assembly voted to boycott goods produced by Jewish settlements in the occupied territories.[15] The national umbrella UCC declined to support a boycott at the time. In August 2012 the General Council of the United Church of Canada approved a recommendation to boycott products in Israeli settlements located within occupied Palestinian territory.[16][17]
The Church of England synod has voted for disinvestment from Israel, which was criticised by George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury as "inappropriate, offensive and highly damaging".[18]
Britain's National Union of Journalists called for a boycott on 14 April 2007. By a vote of 66 to 54, the annual delegate's meeting of Britain's largest trade union for journalists called for "a boycott of Israeli goods similar to those boycotts in the struggles against apartheid South Africa led by trade unions, and [for] the [Trades Union Congress] to demand sanctions be imposed on Israel by the British government".[19]
At its biennial delegate conference held in May 2008, IMPACT (the Irish Municipal, Public and Civil Trade Union), Ireland's largest public sector and services trade union, passed two resolutions criticising Israeli suppression of the Palestinians and endorsing a boycott of Israeli goods and services. The motions also supported divestment from those corporations engaged in or profiting from the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.[20]
In November 2008 the United Kingdom initiated measures to label products produced in Israeli settlements:


The Foreign Office has confirmed that Britain's initiative against Israeli exports originating in the West Bank is merely the opening shot in a wider campaign it is waging against the settlements. [...] The FO [foreign office] reiterated its view that "the settlements are illegal.... Practical steps ... include ensuring that goods from the settlements do not enter the UK without paying the proper duties and ensuring that goods are properly labelled."[21]


Sources near the talks say the United Kingdom is accusing some Israeli companies of fraud: Their labeling indicates that they manufacture in Israel, but their plants are in the territories.[22]


Based on experience, there are concerns in Israel that the discussion on exports from the territories will affect all Israeli exports to Europe. Roughly that happened four years ago, after Israel rejected European demands to specifically label products produced outside the pre-1967 war borders.[22]


Tzipi Livni protested: It appears to be the fruits of long efforts by a strong pro-Palestinian lobby that now spur the British into action. Nevertheless, the British insist that at British consumers want to know the source of the products that they purchase. [...] But the biggest fear in Israel is that the issue will spill beyond manufacturers in the territories, affecting all local exporters and all exports to the EU – as was the case the last time that the issue boiled to the surface.[22]


In February 2009 the Belgian government decided to stop exporting weapons to Israel that would bolster its military capabilities. Minister for Trade Patricia Ceysens said the decision followed a cabinet discussion concerning Israel's actions in Gaza. Belgian Foreign Minister Karel De Gucht added that "given the current circumstances, weapons cannot be shipped from Belgium to Israel".[23]





Protest by Code Pink against AHAVA in Los Angeles, California in July 2009.



In Britain, Ahava's cosmetic products sparked controversy because they are manufactured in the Israeli settlement of Mitzpe Shalem, located on the Dead Sea in the West Bank. The store chain Selfridges withdrew Ahava's products (among others) in December 2001 after a boycott campaign launched by pro-Palestinian groups,[24] but reinstated them a few weeks later.[citation needed] Critics argue that the products are labelled as having "Israeli origin" when, according to the European Union, goods originating in the West Bank or Gaza cannot be labelled as having Israeli origin because, "according to international public law, including the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions, these territories cannot be considered to be part of the State of Israel", and are not included in the EU-Israel Association Agreement.[25] The boycott of Ahava has also been endorsed by Code Pink, which argues that Ahava's use of Palestinian natural resources from the Dead Sea is, according to the Fourth Geneva Convention, a "patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit". Ahava's store in a fashionable street of London's West End closed in September 2011 after constant protests by pro-Palestinian activists. Owners of the surrounding stores complained to the landlord that the repeated protests were affecting their business. A pro-Israeli group also held fortnightly counter-demonstrations.[26]
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU) launched a boycott of Israeli goods in February 2009 as a response to the Gaza War, arguing that "a sustained international effort was needed to secure a durable settlement".[27]
In September 2009, Britain's Trade Union Congress (TUC) endorsed an initiative to boycott products originating from the Israeli-occupied territories, stating "[to] increase the pressure for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian Territories and removal of the separation wall and illegal settlements, we will support a boycott (...) of those goods and agricultural products that originate in illegal settlements – through developing an effective, targeted consumer-led boycott campaign working closely with Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) – and campaign for disinvestment by companies associated with the occupation as well as engaged in building the separation wall." The Fire Brigade Union (FBU) as well as Britain's largest trade union, Unite, and the largest public sector union, Unison, called for a complete boycott of all Israeli products.[28] In October 2009, the University of Sussex Students' Union became the first in Britain to vote for a boycott of Israeli goods. Norman Finkelstein praised the move as "a victory, not for Palestinians but for truth and justice".[29]
In February 2009, dock workers in South Africa refused to unload an Israeli ship "as part of a refusal to support oppression and exploitation". The Congress of South African Trade Unions, COSATU, compared Israel to "dictatorial and oppressive" states such as Zimbabwe and Swaziland. COSATU also drew parallels to events in 1963, when dock workers across the globe began to boycott vessels from South Africa to protest its apartheid regime. The Western Australian members of the Maritime Union of Australia supported the move and called for a boycott of all Israeli vessels.[30]
In November 2009, the Palestinian Authority began encouraging a boycott of supermarket chains in the West Bank that carried products from Israeli settlements. According to Palestinian authorities, consumers were not aware that some of the products on sale at these outlets were produced in Israeli settlements, and it was felt that boycotting settlement products would improve demand for Palestinian produce. The authorities invoked existing legislation under which trading in goods originating in the settlements was illegal in the Palestinian territories.[31] The Palestinian boycott of settlement goods was widened in 2010, and it was reported that some businesses in the settlement of Maale Adumim had closed as a consequence.[32] In August 2010 the mayor of the settlement Ariel said that the Palestinian boycott of settlement goods "was causing great damage to factories in the area".[33]
As a response to an Israeli raid of a ship to the Gaza Strip, Swedish port workers decided to refuse processing Israeli ships for a period of one week in June 2010.[34] Similar boycotts in response to the Israeli raid were launched by port workers in Norway[35] and California.[36]
In June 2010, the British Methodist Church decided to begin boycotting products originating in Israeli settlements, becoming the first major Christian denomination in Britain to officially adopt such a policy. The boycott, which was seen as placing the Methodists on a collision course with Britain's Jewish minority, encourages also lay Methodists to follow the church's lead and boycott any products made on Jewish settlements on the West Bank.[37]
In July 2010, the Olympia food co-op in the State of Washington in the United States decided to stop selling products from Israel in its two grocery stores. A board member of the co-op said concerning the boycott that "any product that is made (...) to improve the conditions of the Palestinians will be exempted."[38]
The World Council of Churches called for a boycott in 2010 of products originating in Israeli settlements.[39]
In February 2012, Vancouverite Shani Bar-Oz's soap products store was being boycotted for carrying Israeli products, and "venomous protests" were staged outside her store, which included the shouting of anti-semitic slogans. However, according to the shop owner this resulted in "a huge wave of support and generated new business ... with new orders pouring in as result of the story".[40]
In March 2012, the Park Slope Food Co-op rejected a motion to boycott Israel, after months of heated debate. The final vote was 1,005-653. 1,600 members attended the meeting—larger than most meetings of the food co-op.[41]
In April 2012, the United Kingdom's Co-Operative Group said in a statement that it had decided to stop buying products from companies known to source from the settlements. The decision affects contracts valued at £350,000. The retailer had stopped selling goods originating from the settlements themselves in 2009. According to the group, it was still doing business with Israeli companies that are not connected with the settlements.[42][43]
In June 2013, major British trade union GMB decided to ban its members from visiting Israel and the Palestinian territories on delegations organized by the Trade Union Friends of Israel (TUFI). A spokesman for GMB said the union didn't want to be associated with an organization fighting a boycott of trade with illegal settlements in occupied territories.[44]
In July 2013, the European Union enacted a decision forbidding EU member states from cooperating with or transferring funds or giving scholarships and research grants to bodies in the West Bank, eastern Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights.[45][46]
In July 2013, two of the largest supermarket chains in the Netherlands removed from their shelves all products manufactured in Israeli settlements. A third chain, which had already de-stocked settlement goods, sought confirmation that goods it sold as "Made in Israel" didn't originate in the settlements. Dutch retailers were considering whether settlement goods should be labeled as such, or banned altogether.[47]
Throughout 2013 Israeli settlements in the Jordan Valley lost 14% of their income because supermarkets in the UK and Scandinavia were shunning their products.[48]
On 6 March 2014, student Students at the National University of Ireland Galway (NUI Galway) endorsed a resolution to support actively the BDS movement.[49]

Disinvestments




Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer used by the Israel Defense Forces, often used demolishing Palestinian houses and properties.
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI



14 Belgian municipalities left the Franco-Belgian bank Dexia, which was financing Israeli settlements through its Israeli subsidiary.[50]
A Norwegian government pension fund sold its shares in Elbit Systems due to its role in building the West Bank barrier.[51]
The Norwegian government announced in August 2010 that based on advice from the Norwegian Council on Ethics, it had excluded two Israeli companies from a government pension fund. According to the government, the firms Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus were involved in developing settlements in occupied Palestinian territory, which is prohibited under the Fourth Geneva Convention.[52] However, in 2013, after a review of Africa-Israel's activities, the Norwegian government announced that they could now re-invest in Africa-Israel and Danya Cebus as they were no longer involved in the construction of settlements.[53] The ban was re-instated in 2014 after Norway's Council of Ethics received information Danya Cebus was in fact involved with the settlements.[54]
German rail company Deutsche Bahn decided in 2011 to withdraw from a project to build a rail link between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, following pressure from German lawmakers. The decision was taken because the rail link cuts through the West Bank.[55]
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI. MSCI cited Israel's use of Caterpillar bulldozers in the Palestinian territories as a key reason for its decision. MSCI also cited employee safety concerns, environmental issues and a plant closing in Canada.[56]
In July 2004, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) (PCUSA) voted to initiate a process of selective divestment in businesses that it believes bear particular responsibility for the suffering of Palestinians, such as Caterpillar Inc.[57] In 2012 the church decided to reject divestment.[58] In 2014 the Presbyterians decided, by a vote of 310 to 303, to divest from Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola Solutions, which the church said supply Israel with equipment used in the occupation of Palestinian territory.[59]
In December 2012 the New Zealand superannuation fund, which invests money on behalf of the New Zealand Government, excluded two companies for involvement in Israeli settlements and one company for involvement in the West Bank Barrier. A spokesperson cited UN findings of illegality concerning both the Barrier and settlements as central to the decision to exclude the companies.[60]
In January 2014 the Dutch pension fund PGGM dumped its holdings in five Israeli banks allegedly involved in financing illegal settlements.[54]
In January 2014 Danish Danske Bank said Israeli Bank Hapoalim was acting against the rules of international humanitarian law by engaging in settlement construction, and that consequently Danske could not invest in it. Danske had already decided to pull its investments from Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus, for the same reason.[61]
In 2015, fizzy drink dispenser maker Sodastream ceased using its factory in the occupied West Bank following pressure by campaigners. Sodastream said the closure was not affected by the boycott campaign, but boycott campaigners described the move as a clear win for their movement.[62]

Academic boycotts
Main article: Academic boycotts of Israel
In 2006, two of Britain's lecturers' unions, the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education and the Association of University Teachers, voted to support an academic boycott against Israel.[63] The AUT ban was overturned by members at an Emergency General Meeting a few weeks later, while the NATFHE boycott expired when a merger with AUT to form the University and College Union came into effect.[64] In May 2007, the UCU congress passed Motion 30, which called on the members to circulate information and consider a boycott request by Palestinian trade unions.
In 2009, Spanish organizers of an international solar power design competition excluded a team from the Israeli Ariel University Center. The stated reason was that the Ariel university is located in the West Bank, a Spanish official was quoted saying, "Spain acted in line with European Union policy of opposing Israel's occupation of Palestinian land."[65]
On that year, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology rejected the academic boycott of Israel, stating that being able to cooperate with Israeli academics, and hearing their views on the conflict, is critical for studying of the causes of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians and how it can be resolved.[66]
In 2007, nearly 300 university presidents across the United States signed a join statement denouncing the boycott movement. Following Operation Cast Lead in 2010, a group of 15 American university professors launched a campaign calling for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. In 2010 the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (USACBI) announced it had collected 500 endorsements from US academics for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. The endorsements were seen as a sign of changing US attitudes toward Israel in the wake of an Israeli raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla in the Mediterranean.[67][68]
In 2011 the University of Johannesburg decided to suspend ties with Israeli Ben-Gurion University, citing the University's support for the Israeli military. The decision was seen to affect projects in biotechnology and water purification.[69] However, two days later, Ihron Rensburg, vice chancellor and principal of the university issued a statement saying that "UJ is not part of an academic boycott of Israel...It has never been UJ's intention to sever all ties with BGU, although it may have been the intention of some UJ staff members."[70]
University of Pennsylvania President Amy Gutmann said in January 2012 that the university "has clearly stated on numerous occasions that it does not support sanctions or boycotts against Israel". She said that the school was not a sponsor of a BDS conference taking place on campus in February 2012.[71]
In 2013 the Teachers Union of Ireland passed a motion calling for an academic boycott of Israel. Jim Roche, who presented the motion, said "I am very pleased that this motion was passed with such support by TUI members (...) there is no question that Israel is implementing apartheid policies against the Palestinians." [72]
In May 2013, in what was seen as a major development,[73] Stephen Hawking joined the academic boycott of Israel by reversing his decision to participate in the Jerusalem-based Israeli Presidential Conference hosted by Israeli president Shimon Peres. Hawking approved a published statement from the British Committee for the Universities of Palestine that described his decision as independent, "based upon his knowledge of Palestine, and on the unanimous advice of his own academic contacts there".[74] Reactions to Hawking's boycott were mixed, some praised his boycott as a "peaceful protest" while others condemned his decision and accused him of anti-semitism.[75][76]
On 4 December 2013, the American Studies Association (ASA) endorsed a boycott of Israeli academic institutions in a resolution that stated "there is no effective or substantive academic freedom for Palestinian students and scholars under conditions of Israeli occupation, and Israeli institutions of higher learning are a party to Israeli state policies that violate human rights and negatively impact the working conditions of Palestinian scholars and students."[77] The election attracted the largest number of voters in the association history with 66.05% for, 30.5% against and 3.43% abstaining.[78] Over 92 universities rejected the boycott and some of them withdrew their membership in the ASA in protest of the boycott decision.[79]
In October 2014, 500 Middle East studies scholars and librarians issued a call for an academic boycott of Israel. According to the signatories, "world governments and mainstream media do not hold Israel accountable for its violations of international law. We, however, as a community of scholars engaged with the Middle East, have a moral responsibility to do so." [80]
In October 2014, 500 anthropologists endorsed an academic boycott of Israeli institutions seen as complicit in violations of Palestinians' rights. The signatories of the statement said, "as a community of scholars who study problems of power, oppression, and cultural hegemony, we have a moral responsibility to speak out and demand accountability from Israel and our own governments." [81]
In January 2016, 168 Italian academics and researchers published a call to boycott Israeli academic institutions. Israel's Institute of Technology, Technion, was singled out as a boycott target. "The Institute carries out research in a wide range of technologies and weapons used to oppress and attack Palestinians", said the call.[82]
Arms embargoes
In 2014, Spain froze arms and military technology exports to Israel over the Gaza war. The embargo stopped sales of defense and dual-use materiel from Spain to Israel.[83][84][85][86]
In 2014, in connection with the Gaza war, British government ministers said no new arms export licenses would be granted for sales to Israel until a formal peace is agreed. In case hostilities are to flare up, exports under existing licenses would reportedly be discontinued.[87]
Artistic boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


See also: Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel




Poet and human rights activist Remi Kanazi supporting BDS.



The cultural boycott of Israel originally received the support of famous artists such as musicians Roger Waters and Brian Eno,[88] writers Eduardo Galeano and Arundhati Roy,[89] filmmakers Ken Loach[90] and Jean-Luc Godard.[91] Waters has called artists to boycott Israel until Israel ends its occupation, grants full equality to Israeli Arabs and allows all Palestinian refugees right of return.[92]
Creative Community for Peace, founded in late 2011, is an organization made up of music executives, talent agents and entertainment lawyers that seeks to counter artist boycotts of Israel.[93]
In Ireland, support for boycotting Israel has been voiced since September 2006.[94] The Irish Times has published an open letter in January 2009[95] with 300 signatures, including deputies, senators, political leaders (including Gerry Adams and Tony Benn), union leaders, professors and artists. In August 2010, 150 Irish artists launched a cultural boycott of Israel, declaring that they would not perform or exhibit in Israel, "until such time as Israel complies with international law and universal principles of human rights". Organizers explained the boycott was motivated by what they saw as abuse of Palestinian human rights by Israel.[96]
The Yes Men[97] pulled out of a film festival in 2009 in Israel.
In 2010, American singer Devendra Banhart, and Irish singer Tommy Sands cancelled their shows in Israel as a response to Israeli policies.[98] That same year, Carlos Santana also cancelled a performance following pressure from groups critical of Israel. It was not clear whether it was for political reasons or due to scheduling problems.[99][100] Likewise, Elvis Costello called off planned gigs, citing what he called the "intimidation" and "humiliation" of Palestinians.[101][102] Jazz and spoken word artist Gil Scott-Heron canceled a planned performance in Tel Aviv in 2010, saying he "hated war".[103] Annie Lennox states again that she will no longer perform in Israel.[104]
That same year, British bands The Klaxons, Gorillaz Sound System,[105] Leftfield,[106] Faithless,[107] Tindersticks[108] and Massive Attack,[109] as well as the American band Pixies,[110] cancelled performances in Israel in apparent response to the Gaza flotilla raid.
Writers Henning Mankell[111] (who was on board the Freedom Flotilla), Iain Banks[112] and Alice Walker[113] publish statements in the press in support of the cultural boycott of the State of Israel.
In February 2010, 500 artists from the city of Montreal, including Lhasa de Sela, Gilles Vigneault, Richard Desjardins, members of Bran Van 3000 and Silver Mt. Zion, joined the cultural boycott of Israel, saying that Palestinians "face an entrenched system of racial discrimination and segregation, resembling the defeated apartheid system in South Africa".[114][115]
That same year, a hundred Norwegian artists endorse the BDS call.[116]
In Israel, actors refuse to play in the 1967 occupied territories. They are quickly supported by 150 Israeli intellectuals and artists, including Niv Gordon, Gideon Levy, Shlomo Sand, Zeev Sternhell, David Grossman, A.B. Yehoshua, and Amos Oz.[117]
French singer Vanessa Paradis cancelled a performance planned for February 2011 in Tel Aviv. According to insider sources, she and her husband Johnny Depp acceded to calls to cancel the show made by Palestinian boycott campaigners, who threatened to boycott them too. Her agent maintained that the concert was cancelled strictly for professional reasons.[118] That same month, the classical singer Thomas Quasthoff cancelled the six shows he was supposed to give in Israel.[119]
In September 2011, Anglo-Egyptian singer Natacha Atlas cancelled her tour in Israel and stated, "I had an idea that performing in Israel would have been a unique opportunity to encourage and support my fans' opposition to the current government's actions and policies. I would have personally asked my Israeli fans face-to-face to fight this apartheid with peace in their hearts, but after much deliberation I now see that it would be more effective a statement to not go to Israel until this systemised apartheid is abolished once and for all. Therefore I publicly retract my well-intentioned decision to go and perform in Israel and so sincerely hope that this decision represents an effective statement against this regime."[120]
In 2011, several other artists cancelled their concerts in Israel. South African band Ladysmith Black Mambazo,[121] English singer Marc Almond, American jazz band Tuba Skinny, American piano player Jason Moran and Puerto Rican piano player Eddie Palmieri (these last three cancelled their participation in the Red Sea Jazz Festival),[122] South African rapper Ewok,[123] English band The Yardbirds, Greek Martha Frintzila and Turc Hosam Hayek (these last two cancelled their participation to the Jerusalem oud festival),[124] Malian singer Oumou Sangaré, American singer Joe Lynn Turner, and young English dubstep musician Joker[125]
British band Faithless and its leader David Randall confirm their commitment to BDS by publishing the video "Freedom For Palestine" with the collective "One World" that includes Maxi Jazz, Sudha and Andy Treacy (of Faithless), Jamie Catto (of One Giant Leap), Harry Collier (of Kubb), Phil Jones (of Specimen A), Mark Thomas, Lowkey, Michael Rosen, LSK, Andrea Britton, Attab Haddad, Joelle Barker, the Durban Gospel Choir (of South Africa) and members of the London Community Gospel Choir.
Spanish singer Paco Ibanez states in a French newspaper that he will now boycott the Hebrew language, which he can speak, for political reasons.[126]
150 Swiss artists signed an appeal for the cultural boycott of Israel.[127] A group of Indian artists cancelled their participation to an exhibition in Israel.[128]
The AMARC (international non-governmental organization serving the community radio movement, with almost 3 000 members and associates in 110 countries) joins the BDS campaign.[129]
In 2012, Tunisian fence champion Sara Besbes[130] and Iranian chess-master Ehsan Ghaem Maghami[131] boycotted their games to avoid facing Israeli opponents.
In November 2012, the American musician Stevie Wonder bowed to intense pressure and cancelled his participation in a fundraising concert in support of the Israel Defense Forces. Wonder cited his role as a UN goodwill representative, and stated, "I am, and always have been, against war, any war, anywhere."[132][133][134]
In September 2013, the punk-band Oi Polloi, of Scotland, cancelled their appearance in the Norwegian cultural establishment Kapittel, protesting the appearance of the Israeli ambassador to Norway. In a Twitter message, the band announced that "We are not playing together with professional apologetics of war crimes, torture, illegal occupation, ethnic cleansing and racism."[135]
In January 2014, Norwegian musician Pål Moddi Knutsen cancelled his concert in Tel Aviv after appeals by Palestinian human rights activists.[136]
In May 2014, Grace Lee Boggs, Danny Glover and 10 others called for a cultural boycott of Israel, saying they "formally stand with the people of Palestine".[137]
In February 2015, a group of seven hundred artists said they would boycott Israel until its "colonial oppression of Palestinians" comes to an end. The group drew a parallel between their decision and the refusal of artists to perform in Apartheid-era South Africa, saying they would not play music, accept awards, attend exhibitions, festivals or conferences in Israeli cities. The group included Brian Eno, Alexei Sayle, Richard Ashcroft, Riz Ahmed, Miriam Margolyes and Ken Loach.[138][139]

Reception





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


In August 2001 a 50-strong delegation from the World Council of Churches produced a report calling for a boycott of goods produced by Jewish settlers. The report called on the executive of the WCC to "affirm the legitimacy of Palestinian resistance to injustice and foreign occupation".[140]
In February 2004 following a six-month inquiry a select committee presented a report to the British parliament calling for the suspension of the European Union's preferential trade agreement with Israel "until it (Israel) lifts the movement restrictions which it has placed on Palestinian trade". Between 2002 and 2004 the EU exported £30.1 billion worth of goods to Israel while the value of goods imported was £21.1 billion[141]
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called on the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa and supports the divestment campaign against Israel.[142]
Swedish archbishop K. G. Hammar, ambassador Carl Tham and a list of 71 others have supported a boycott of products from the occupied areas.[143][144][145]
A joint open letter by 322 UK academics was published in The Guardian 16 January 2009. The letter called on the British government and the British people to take all feasible steps to oblige Israel to stop its "military aggression and colonial occupation" of the Palestinian land and its "criminal use of force", suggesting to start with a programme of boycott, divestment and sanctions.[146]
In 2008, former Beatles singer Paul McCartney decided to perform in Israel for the country's 60th anniversary despite a death threat from militant Islamic activist Omar Bakri Muhammad, who said, "If he values his life Mr McCartney must not come to Israel. He will not be safe there. The sacrifice operatives will be waiting for him."[147] Omar Barghouti, one of the founders of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel, described the threat as "deplorable".[147] McCartney said "I do what I think and I have many friends who support Israel."[147]
In 2008 British Member of Parliament Sir Gerald Kaufman claimed, "It is time for our government to make clear to the Israeli government that its conduct and policies are unacceptable and to impose a total arms ban on Israel."[148]
Norman Finkelstein, writing in 2006, said he supports a "US academic boycott of Israel" [149] and an "economic boycott of Israel"


“
1) Do Israeli human rights violations warrant an economic boycott? and 2) Can such a boycott make a meaningful contribution toward ending these violations? I would argue that both these questions should be answered in the affirmative.
”


— Norman Finkelstein, Article "Economic boycott of Israel?" on www.normanfinkelstein.com[150]


In February 2012, Finkelstein "launched a blistering attack" of the BDS movement during an interview, saying it was a "hypocritical, dishonest cult" that tries to cleverly pose as human rights activists while in reality their goal is to destroy Israel. .[151] In addition, he said: "I'm getting a little bit exasperated with what I think is a whole lot of nonsense. I'm not going to tolerate silliness, childishness and a lot of leftist posturing. I loathe the disingenuousness. We will never hear the solidarity movement [back a] two-state solution." Furthermore, Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement has had very few successes, and that just like a cult, the leaders pretend that they are hugely successful when in reality the general public rejects their extreme views. He does mention though that he supports the idea of a non-violent BDS movement.[151]
In an e-mail dated 15 December 2012, Noam Chomsky defended the tactics as non-anti-Semitic. Although Chomsky believes that any tactic, however legitimate, can be misused, he also remarked that they can also be used quite properly and effectively against state crimes, and in this case of BDS, they regularly have been.[152] In May 2013, Chomsky, along with other professors such as Professor Malcolm Levitt, advised Professor Stephen Hawking to boycott an Israeli conference.[73]
In November 2012 a group of 51 people, including Nobel peace laureates, prominent artists and activists published a letter calling for a military embargo on Israel. The letter accused several countries of providing assistance to Israel that facilitated Israel's 2012 military operation in the Gaza Strip. Nobel peace laureates Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Pérez Esquivel were among the group signing the letter.[153]
The Anti-Defamation League, whose mission is to stop the defamation of Jews, has claimed that singling out Israel is "outrageous and biased"[154] as well as "deplorable and offensive".[155] and heads of several major U.S. Jewish organizations have referred to them as "lop-sided" and "unbalanced".[156]
Boycott calls have also been called "profoundly unjust" and relying on a "false" analogy with the previous apartheid regime of South Africa. One critical statement has alleged that the boycotters apply "different standards" to Israel than other countries, that the boycott is "counterproductive and retrograde" yet has no comparability to Nazi boycotts of Jewish shops in the 1930s.[157][158][159][160][161][162][163]
According to a ruling by the French appellate court of Colmar, publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes discrimination and as such is illegal under French law. Yet the Court of Cassation, the highest criminal court of appeal in France, has separately confirmed the legality of calling for a boycott or Israeli goods.[164][165]
The Economist contends that the boycott is "flimsy" and ineffective, that "blaming Israel alone for the impasse in the occupied territories will continue to strike many outsiders as unfair," and points out that the Palestinian leadership does not support the boycott.[166]
In an op-ed published in The Jerusalem Post in November 2010, Gerald Steinberg and Jason Edelstein contend that while "the need to refute their [BDS organizations] allegations is clear, students and community groups must also adopt a proactive strategy to undermine the credibility and influence of these groups. This strategy will marginalize many of the BDS movement's central actors, and expose the lie that BDS is a grassroots protest against Israeli policy. Exposing their abuses and funding sources, and forcing their campaign leaders and participants to respond to us will change the dynamic in this battle."[167] In an effort to combat BDS, in March 2011, NGO Monitor produced "the BDS Sewer System" intended to provide detailed information about boycott campaigns against Israel.[168]
After the post-punk group PiL went to Tel Aviv to headline the Heineken Music Conference 2010 Festival in August 2010, British musician John Lydon responded to criticism by saying: "If Elvis-fucking-Costello wants to pull out of a gig in Israel because he's suddenly got this compassion for Palestinians, then good on him. But I have absolutely one rule, right? Until I see an Arab country, a Muslim country, with a democracy, I won't understand how anyone can have a problem with how they're treated."[169]
Martin Raffel, who oversees the Israel Action Network, argued in March 2011 that Israel's supporters can respectfully debate artists who choose to boycott the West Bank town of Ariel, but "not recognizing Israel as a Jewish democratic state is a completely different story".[170]
In October 2010, the Cape Town Opera (CTO) declined an appeal by Desmond Tutu to cancel a tour of Israel.[171] The CTO stated that the company was "reluctant to adopt the essentially political position of disengagement from cultural ties with Israel or with Palestine,[171] and that they had been in negotiations for four years and would respect the contract.[172]
Gene Simmons, lead singer of Kiss, said that artists who avoid Israel—such as Elvis Costello, the Pixies and Roger Waters—would be better served directing their anger at Arab dictators. "The countries they should be boycotting are the same countries that the populations are rebelling," he said.[173]
Other artists who have voiced opposition to the campaign include writers Umberto Eco[174] and film makers Joel and Ethan Coen.[175] Many musicians such as Elton John, Leonard Cohen, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Metallica, Editors, Placebo, LCD Soundsystem, MGMT, Justin Bieber, Madonna, Paul McCartney, Ziggy Marley, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Mark Ronson, Depeche Mode, Gilberto Gil, Daniela Mercury, Rolling Stones,[176][177] Alicia Keys,[174][178] Tom Jones,[179] Eric Burdon,[180] Bon Jovi[181] and Ziggy Marley[182] have chosen to perform in Israel in recent years. Novelist Ian McEwan, upon being awarded the Jerusalem Prize, was urged to turn it down, but said that "If I only went to countries that I approve of, I probably would never get out of bed.... It's not great if everyone stops talking."[174]
The Irish Dance production Riverdance performed in Israel in 2011, despite requests that it boycott Israel. The group stated that "Riverdance supports the policy of the Irish Government and indeed the policy of every other EU state that cultural interaction is preferable to isolation."[183]
Reverend Jim Barr, president of the Australia Palestine Advocacy Network, while supporting the boycott, divestment and sanctions campaign against Israel, disagreed with the protest action at Israeli-owned Max Brenner chocolate stores in Australia, saying, "that stuff just discredits the whole movement."[184]
In 2010, Noam Chomsky was interviewed regarding the boycott movement against Israel. He said that while he supported correctly targeted boycott calls, he called inaccurately targeted boycott calls hypocritical. According to Chomsky, boycotting Israeli settlements or arms sales made sense but calling for a boycott of anything Israeli, or demanding for the Right of Return, would be hypocritical and play into the hands of hardliners in the United States and Israel.[185] In July 2014, Noam Chomsky warns that the boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign could end up harming the Palestinian cause since the demand for a "right of return" for Palestinian refugees has failed to muster significant international support. He also said "if we boycott Tel Aviv University because Israel violates human rights at home, then why not boycott Harvard because of far greater violations by the United States?".[186]
In October 2011, Izzat Abdulhadi, head of the General Delegation of Palestine to Australia said that he is against the "full-scale" BDS campaign, and in particular expressed his anger over the occasionally violent protests at the Max Brenner stores in Australia, saying, "BDS is a non-violent process and I don't think it's the right of anybody to use BDS as a violent action or to prevent people from buying from any place." [187]
Madonna's The MDNA Tour began in May 2012 in Tel Aviv, Israel.[188] She said that the concert in Tel Aviv was a "peace concert", and offered about 600 tickets to the show to various Israeli and Palestinian groups, but this offer was rejected by Anarchists Against the Wall and the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity group. One activist said "no one is talking about dismantling the privileged regime or of ending the occupation. They talk of peace as a philosophical thing, without connecting to things happening on the ground and that concert is going in that direction." The offer was accepted by the Palestinian-Israeli Peace NGO Forum.[189] Madonna's performance was criticised by a group called "Boycott from Within" as "a blatant attempt at whitewashing Israeli crimes" and Omar Barghouti said that "by performing in Israel, Madonna has consciously and shamefully lent her name to fig-leafing Israel's occupation and apartheid and showed her obliviousness to human rights."[190]
Ed Husain, writing in the New York Times, says that the boycott of Israel should end, since it is hurting the Palestinians more than helping them. Husain believes that the "voice of the Palestinian imams who want to see an end to the boycott needs to be amplified", as well as those "religious leaders" in Egypt and in Saudi Arabia who "advocate peace".[191]
In January 2014, Scarlett Johansson started to promote SodaStream, an Israeli company operating in Ma'ale Adumim, a West Bank settlement, which sparked criticism from Oxfam. In response, Johansson severed ties with Oxfam after eight years, saying she supports trade and "social interaction between a democratic Israel and Palestine" and she has "a fundamental difference of opinion with Oxfam in regards to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement". SodaStream plant employs both Palestinians and Israelis and the company says it is a model of peaceful cooperation.[192]
In October 2015, J.K. Rowling was one of the 150 people from the British arts world who signed a letter against the call for a boycott of Israel that was made in February. The signatories of the letter said "cultural boycotts singling out Israel are divisive and discriminatory, and will not further peace. Open dialogue and interaction promote greater understanding and mutual acceptance, and it is through such understanding and acceptance that movement can be made towards a resolution of the conflict." Some of the signatories were closely aligned with Israel, for example via the Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour friends of Israel.[193][194][195]
United States government response
In the United States, the Export Administration Act discourages, and in some circumstances, prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from furthering or supporting the boycott of Israel. The Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) is responsible for penalties are imposed for each "knowing" violation with fines of up to $50,000 or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years.
During the mid-1970s the United States adopted two laws that seek to counteract the participation of U.S. citizens in other nation's economic boycotts or embargoes. These "antiboycott" laws are the 1977 amendments to the Export Administration Act (EAA) and the Ribicoff Amendment to the Tax Reform Act of 1976 (TRA). While these laws share a common purpose, there are distinctions in their administration.
The antiboycott laws were adopted to encourage, and in specified cases, require U.S. firms to refuse to participate in foreign boycotts that the United States does not sanction. They have the effect of preventing U.S. firms from being used to implement foreign policies of other nations which run counter to U.S. policy.
The Arab League boycott of Israel is the principal foreign economic boycott that U.S. companies must be concerned with today. The antiboycott laws, however, apply to all boycotts imposed by foreign countries that are unsanctioned by the United States.
The antiboycott provisions of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) apply to the activities of U.S. persons in the interstate or foreign commerce of the United States. The term "U.S. person" includes all individuals, corporations and unincorporated associations resident in the United States, including the permanent domestic affiliates of foreign concerns. U.S. persons also include U.S. citizens abroad (except when they reside abroad and are employed by non-U.S. persons) and the controlled in fact affiliates of domestic concerns. The test for "controlled in fact" is the ability to establish the general policies or to control the day-to-day operations of the foreign affiliate.[196]
The scope of the EAR, as defined by Section 8 of the EAA, is limited to actions taken with intent to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.
What do the laws prohibit?
Conduct that may be penalized under the TRA and/or prohibited under the EAR includes:[197]

Agreements to refuse or actual refusal to do business with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies
Agreements to discriminate or actual discrimination against other persons based on race, religion, sex, national origin or nationality.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about business relationships with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about the race, religion, sex, or national origin of another person.

Implementing letters of credit containing prohibited boycott terms or conditions.
The TRA does not "prohibit" conduct, but denies tax benefits ("penalizes") for certain types of boycott-related agreements.
What must be reported?
The EAR requires U.S. persons to report quarterly requests they have received to take certain actions to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.[196]
The TRA requires taxpayers to report "operations" in, with, or related to a boycotting country or its nationals and requests received to participate in or cooperate with an international boycott. The Treasury Department publishes a quarterly list of "boycotting countries."
Penalties
The Export Administration Act (EAA) specifies penalties for violations of the Antiboycott Regulations as well as export control violations. These can include:
Criminal
The penalties imposed for each "knowing" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000, or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years. During periods when the EAR are continued in effect by an Executive Order, issued pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the criminal penalties for each "willful" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000 and imprisonment for up to ten years.[196]
Administrative
For each violation of the EAR, any or all of the following may be imposed:

General denial of export privileges;
The imposition of fines of up to $11,000 per violation; and/or
Exclusion from practice.

Boycott agreements under the TRA involve the denial of all or part of the foreign tax benefits discussed above.
When the EAA is in lapse, penalties for violation of the Antiboycott Regulations are governed by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The IEEPA Enhancement Act provides for penalties of up to the greater of $250,000 per violation, or twice the value of the transaction for administrative violations of Antiboycott Regulations, and up to $1 million and 20 years imprisonment per violation for criminal anti-boycott violations.[196]
Israeli government response
Main article: Law for Prevention of Damage to State of Israel through Boycott
On 11 July 2011, the Israeli Knesset passed a law that makes the call for a boycott on Israel or Israeli settlements a civil wrong. 47 members of the Knesset voted in favour and 38 against.[198] The law primarily allows[199][200] targets of announced boycotts to persons and organisations that promote them, without having to first prove they were harmed by the boycott. The law also allows the Israeli government to deny contracts and withdraw financial support to those who promote boycotts. The law does not create any criminal offences or criminal sanctions.[201]
The law was heavily criticized in Israel by both left-wing and Arab political parties. Israeli leftist and human rights organizations also criticized the law, and launched a public campaign against it.[202] Prior to the law's approval, four Israeli human rights groups sent letters to Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin, Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, demanding a halt in the approval process of the law. After the law was passed, the far-left Gush Shalom movement petitioned the Supreme Court, claiming that the law violated basic democratic principles. The Supreme Court has given the Israeli government 60 days to respond.[needs update] Thirty-four law professors signed a petition against the law to be forwarded to Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.[203][204]
During an address to the Knesset, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected criticism over his failure to attend the boycott law vote, and stressed that he had in fact approved the bill. He also criticized Kadima party members who initially supported the bill and later opposed its final version, accusing them of folding to pressure.[205]
Australian government response
Though Israeli chocolate company Max Brenner is targeted by some Australian Palestinian activists, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs and former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said, "I don't think in 21st-century Australia there is a place for the attempted boycott of a Jewish business."[206]
Senior figures in the Australian Labor Party linked action against the Australian Greens at a state conference, where the Greens were denied automatic preferences, to the Greens' previous support for the BDS movement. Former New South Wales treasurer and Australian Labor Party general secretary Eric Roozendaal and fellow Legislative Councillor Walt Secord, stated, "The Greens will carry forever the stain of their support for the BDS campaign and their attempts to delegitimise Israel and the Jewish community—and this is one of the reasons why we must stand strong against the Greens."[207]
In April 2013, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that the "campaign does not serve the cause of peace and diplomacy for agreement on a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine", and added that Australia has always had firm opposition to the BDS movement.[208] Representing the Coalition prior to the 2013 federal election, Liberal Party deputy leader Julie Bishop reaffirmed Gillard's stance by promising to cut off federal grants for individuals and institutions who support the BDS campaign. On 29 May 2013, Jewish Australian academics Andrew Benjamin, Michele Grossman and David Goodman condemned the Coalition's election promise as "an anti-democratic gesture par excellence".[209]
French supreme court verdict
On 22 May 2012, the Cour de Cassation (one of the French final appeals courts) ruled that publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes incitement and discrimination based on nationality. The verdict by the Cour de Cassation was the final verdict in a lengthy legal battle, which consisted of a series of convictions, acquittals, and appeals.[164] French lawyer Michael Ghnassia wrote that the ban on publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products does not violate freedom of speech because such boycotts affect all Israelis, and is therefore "based on a racial, religious or national criterion and rather than representing a simple opinion, is a discriminatory action".[210]
United Kingdom
A UK court dismissed in 2013 claims that the University and College Union was institutionally anti-Semitic due to motions it had passed in favour of a boycott of Israel. The judgement, by an employment tribunal, was strongly critical of the claims, referring to them as "an impermissible attempt to achieve a political end by litigious means" and displaying a "worrying disregard for pluralism, tolerance and freedom of expression".[211]
In 2017 a UK Administrative Court ruled the British government had acted unlawfully in implementing regulations that sought to limit divestment campaigns against Israeli companies.[212]
See also


Israel portal





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boycotts of Israel.



Buycott
Constructive engagement
Criticism of Israel
Israeli passport

References


^ Robert S. Wistrich. "From Blood Libel to Boycott: Changing faces of British Anti-Semitism". Hebrew University of Jerusalem: 14. Boycotts against Jews arouse painful associations. Attempts to remove Israeli products from Selfridges, Harrods, Tesco, Marks & Spencer, and other British chains, under the slogan "Isolate the Racist Zionist State", have been both a symptom and a rallying point for the resurgence of antisemitism in Britain. 
^ Mitchell G. Bard; Jeff Dawson (Fall 2012). "Israel and the Campus: The Real Story" (PDF). AICE. Retrieved 27 October 2013. 
^ William J. Miller. "Arab Boycott". World Encyclopedia of Law. 
^ Turck, Nancy (April 1977). "The Arab Boycott of Israel". Foreign Affairs. Council on Foreign Relations. 55 (3): 472–493. JSTOR 20039682. doi:10.2307/20039682. 
^ a b c Joyce Shems Sharon (May 2003). "The Arab Boycott Against Israel and Its Unintended Impact on Arab Economic Welfare". Tufts University. 
^ a b  This article incorporates public domain material from the Congressional Research Service document "Arab League Boycott of Israel.".
^ "85% of Palestinians are interested in cooperation with Israel". Globes. 5 September 2011. Archived from the original on 19 October 2013. 
^ "Palestinians Working In Israel | Wafa Palestinian News Source". Wafa. 23 November 2011. Archived from the original on 4 May 2015. 
^ Kalman, Matthew (20 January 2014). "Palestinians Divided Over Boycott of Israeli Universities". International New York Times. 
^ Amit, Eytan (22 December 2005). "Norway: Parliament shuns Israeli products". Ynetnews. 
^ CUPE Ontario delegates support campaign against Israeli "apartheid wall". Background on Resolution #50 Archived 15 June 2006 at the Wayback Machine. (CUPE Ontario)
^ CUPE in Ontario votes to boycott Israel (CBC News) 27 May 2006
^ "Labour pains over Israel" by Jay Teitel (Maclean's Canada) 13 June 2006
^ "South African union joins boycott of Israel" by Ronen Bodoni (Ynetnews) 8 June 2006
^ "United Churches in Toronto to endorse boycott of Israel", National Post, 28 June 2006
^ Hilary Leila Krieger (21 August 2006). "Canadian church group drops anti-Israel divestment program". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "United Church of Canada approves Israeli settlement boycott". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 18 August 2012. 
^ Statement from Lord Carey Archived 6 December 2006 at the Wayback Machine., 19 April 2006, hosted on the Anglicans for Israel website
^ Conger, George (15 April 2007). "UK reporters union to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
Brook, Stephen (13 April 2007). "NUJ votes to boycott Israeli goods". The Guardian. 
^ "Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign". Cosmos.ucc.ie. 29 May 2008. Archived from the original on 23 August 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Britain confirms its anti-settlement push, The Jewish Chronicle, 13 November 2008
^ a b c Coren, Ora (19 November 2008). "Israel Worried That U.K. Pressure Will Harm Exports to Europe". Haaretz. 
^ Liphshiz, Cnaan (1 February 2009). "Belgium to stop exporting 'arms that bolster the IDF' to Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Watt, Nicholas (22 December 2001). "Selfridges bans sale of goods from occupied territories". The Guardian. 
^ Implementation of EC/Israel Trade Agreement – House of Commons, European Legislation, Thirty-First Report (1998)
^ Elgot, Jessica (27 September 2011). "Ahava ﬁnally closes its doors in London". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 30 December 2011. 
^ "Trade unionists launch boycott of Israeli goods (Belfast Telegraph, 10 February 2009)". The Belfast Telegraph. 10 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ British trade unions to boycott Israeli goods[permanent dead link] (The Jerusalem Post)
^ "students at Sussex University vote to boycott Israeli goods". San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. 31 October 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Dock workers to boycott Israeli ship". Mail & Guardian. 3 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Boycott targets settlement products (Al Jazeera, 19 November 2009)". Al Jazeera. 19 November 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Frykberg, Mel (20 May 2010). "Palestinian Economic Boycott Hits Israeli Settlers". Inter Press Service. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yediot reports on damage to settlement industry caused by targeted boycott". Coteret. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010link to Hebrew original in Yediot Achoronot 
^ "Sweden to launch weeklong boycott on Israeli ships (Ynet News, 5 June 2010)". Ynetnews. 20 June 1995. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Port Union Boycotts Israeli Ships (indymedia-letzebuerg, 14 June 2010)". Indymedia-letzebuerg.net. 14 June 2010. Archived from the original on 23 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Maher, Sean; Elizabeth Nardi (21 June 2010). "Protesters prevent unloading of Israeli ship at Port of Oakland". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Taylor, Jerome (30 June 2010). "Methodists launch boycott over West Bank". The Independent. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Mozgovaya, Natasha (21 July 2010). "Food co-op in Rachel Corrie's hometown boycotts Israeli goods". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Statement on Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territoryn (World Council of Chirches, 2.09.2009)". World Council of Churches. Archived from the original on 5 April 2012. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Canada store owner defeats anti-Israel boycotters, Ynetnews
^ Semple, Kirk; Kuntzman, Gersh (27 March 2012). "Food Co-op Rejects Effort to Boycott Israeli-Made Products". The New York Times. Retrieved 16 July 2012. 
^ UK supermarket shuns Israeli-settlement goods (Al Jazeera, 29 April 2012)
^ McVeigh, Tracy; Harriet Sherwood (29 April 2012). "Co-op boycotts exports from Israel's West Bank settlements". The Guardian. 
^ British trade union to ban member visits to Israel (The Jerusalem Post, 8 June 2013)
^ Netanyahu and Livni Speak to EU Leaders on Boycott (Arutz Sheva, 18 July 2013)
^ Experts: EU Yesha Policy Could Lead to 'Legal Morass' (Arutz Sheva, 19 July 2013)
^ Dutch supermarkets ban settlement products (The Times of Israel, 22 July 2013)
^ Scarlett Johansson row has boosted Israeli settlement boycott, say activists (The Guardian, 6 February 2014)
^ "NUI Galway Students' Union Election Results 2014". 
^ Jackson, Willy (1 September 2009). "Economic retaliation against Tel Aviv". Le Monde diplomatique English Edition. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Gov't Pension Fund exits Elbit Systems: The fund sold its holding because of Elbit Systems' role in Israel's security". TradingMarkets.com. 3 September 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [dead link]
^ "Three companies excluded from the Government Pension Fund Global" (Press release). Ministry of Finance. 23 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Norway's oil fund can reinvest in Africa Israel Investments, Danya Cebus Reuters, OSLO, Wed 21 August 2013
^ a b Norway's sovereign wealth fund joins exodus from Israel (Financial Times, 2 February 2014)(subscription required)
^ German company pulls out of Israel rail project because it cuts through West Bank (The Washington Post, Associated Press, 9 May 2011)
^ Caterpillar cut from social index over Israel (Al Jazeera, 27 June 2012)
^ Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash. Jewish Leaders Condemn Move by Presbyterian Church by Alan Cooperman (Washington Post; Page A08) 29 September 2004
^ Kaleem, Jaweed (6 July 2012). "Presbyterians Reject Divestment Related To Israeli-Palestinian Conflict". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Presbyterians Vote to Divest Holdings to Pressure Israel (The New York Times, 20 June 2014)
^ New Zealand Superannuation Fund excludes three companies on responsible investment grounds (New Zealand Superannuation Fund, 12 December 2012)
^ Ravid, Barak (1 February 2014). "Denmark's largest bank blacklists Israel's Hapoalim over settlement construction". Haaretz. 
^ Israel's SodaStream leaves West Bank (Financial Times, 10 September 2015) "SodaStream, the Israeli maker of home fizzy drink dispensers, will next week cease production at its factory near the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim after being pressured by campaigners around the world for doing business on occupied Palestinian land."(subscription required)
^ Benjamin Joffe-Walt (30 May 2006). "Lecturers back boycott of Israeli academics". The Guardian. London. 
^ Traubmann, Tamara (12 June 2006). "British academic boycott expires after teaching unions merge". Haaretz. 
^ "Spain contest bans Israeli team affiliated with West Bank college". Haaretz. Associated Press. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ NTNU says no to academic boycott of Israel. Press release. Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 12 November 2009
^ Ahren, Raphael (29 January 2009). "For first time, U.S. professors call for academic and cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 
^ "Over 500 academics endorse boycott of Israel". Arab News. WVNS. 20 September 2010. 
^ University of Johannesburg votes to sever ties with BGU (The Jerusalem Post, 24 March 2011)
^ Kalman, Matthew (25 March 2011). "U. of Johannesburg Official: 'UJ Is Not Part of an Academic Boycott of Israel'". The Chronicle of Higher Education. 
^ Harris, Ben (5 January 2012). "Penn distances itself from BDS conference". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 
^ Academic Boycott of Israel Called by Irish Teachers Union (Rabble, 4 April 2013)
^ a b Booth, Robert; Harriet Sherwood (10 May 2013). "Noam Chomsky helped lobby Stephen Hawking to stage Israel boycott". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Sherwood, Harriet; Matthew Kalman (8 May 2013). "Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 8 May 2013. 
^ "Stephen Hawking Makes a Peaceful Protest". Boston Globe. 11 May 2013. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Brian Martin (14 May 2013). "Academics and activism: Stephen Hawking and the Israel boycott". The Conversation Australia. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Council Resolution on Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". 
^ "Council Statement on the Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". American Studies Association. 4 December 2013. 
^ "92 universities reject academic boycott of Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 1 January 2014. 
^ 500 Mideast scholars call for academic embargo of Israeli institutions (The Jerusalem Post, 3 October 2014
^ "More than 500 anthropologists join academic boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 5 October 2014. 
^ Italian scholars boycott Israeli academic institutions (Al Jazeera, January 30, 2016)
Italian academics call for boycott of Israeli universities (Ynet, January 29, 2016)
^ "Spain imposes arms embargo on Israel". Janes. 4 August 2014. 
^ Ravid, Barak (5 August 2014). "Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op". Haaretz. 
^ "World outrage grows as Israel pursues 'quiet and security'". Guardian weekly. 8–14 August 2014. 
^ Spain halts arms exports to Israel over Gaza war Archived 11 August 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (PressTV, 9 August 2014)
^ "UK ready to suspend arms exports to Israel". Financial Times. 12 August 2014. (subscription required)
^ Higgins, Charlotte (15 December 2006). "John Berger rallies artists for cultural boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. 
^ Mariof (21 November 2007). "Boycott, désinvestissement et sanctions - Israël sous pression". Intal.be. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Pinto, Goel (27 August 2006). "British director Ken Loach backs Palestinian call for boycott on Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 16 July 2017. 
^ Lettre de remerciement, July 2008, July 2008
^ "Roger Waters voices support for Israel boycott". Haaretz. 6 March 2011. 
^ Music moguls to artists: Don't boycott Israel
^ Traubman, Tamara (24 September 2006). "Irish lecturers call on EU to boycott Israeli universities". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 28 April 2007. 
^ Israeli offensive in Gaza, 23 January 2009
^ "150 Irish artists pledge to boycott Israel (Irish Times, 13 August 2010)". The Irish Times. 13 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "ujfp, 19 07 09". Ujfp.org. 19 July 2009. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yet Another Artist Cancels a Show in Israel". Palestine News Network. Archived from the original on 14 August 2014. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Artists' Boycott Strikes a Dissonant Note Inside Israel. The New York Times
^ Shechnik, Raz (2 February 2010). "Santana canceled concert because of anti-Israel pressure". Ynetnews. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Elvis Costello's statement on his own website, 2010
^ Dodd, Vikram; Rory McCarthy in Jerusalem (18 May 2010). "Elvis Costello cancels concerts in Israel in protest at treatment of Palestinians". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Tel Aviv Israel Concert Canceled by Gil Scott Heron". Salem, Ore.: Salem-news.com. World View News Service. 26 April 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Annie Lennox: I Have No Interest in Going to Israel". Haaretz. 11 October 2010. 
^ "Bands cancel performance in Israel following raid on Gaza-bound ships (GulfNews, 4 June 2010)". Gulf News. 4 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "U.K. musicians Leftfield cancelled their Israel show due to 'production problems'". Haaretz. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Ilham Rawoot, Why Faithless are giving Israel a miss Mail & Guardian, South Africa, February 2011
^ "English rock band Tindersticks cancels TA concert". The Jerusalem Post. 24 November 2010. 
^ Interview of Naja of Massive Attack, September 2010
^ "'Pixies' cancel Tel-Aviv show". The Jerusalem Post. 6 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ White, Michael (2 June 2010). "Gaza flotilla attack: there are shades of grey on both sides". The Guardian. London. 
^ Banks, Iain (2 June 2010). "Small step towards a boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London.  (letter to the editor)
^ The Huffington Post, 2010
^ "500 Artists Against Israeli Apartheid". Tadamon.ca. 25 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "500 artistes montréalais s'engagent contre l'apartheid israélien". Le Journal des Alternatives (in French). 24 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Norvegian artists for BDS[permanent dead link]
^ Levinson, Chaim; Or Kashti (31 August 2010). "150 Academics, Artists Back Actors' Boycott of Settlement Arts Center". Haaretz. 
^ Abramovitch, Matan (16 January 2011). "Did Pop Star Paradis Cancel Israel Concert Over Politics?". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Israel Infos, 2011
^ Natacha Atlas announces Israel boycott. 2011
^ The Times, South Africa, 2011
^ "Int'l artists cancel Eilat performances - Israel Culture". Ynetnews. 21 August 2011. Retrieved 20 October 2013. 
^ Africa's Gateway, South Africa, September 2011
^ PACBI translates and reproduces Martha Frintzila's statement from her website, 2011
^ Indymedia, December 2011 Archived 17 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Liberation, France, 2011
^ BDS Switzerland Archived 11 January 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Rana Siddiqui Zaman, Indian artists to boycott major show in Israel, The Hindu, New Delhi, 2 August 2011
^ AMARC statement Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine., PDF file, 2011
^ Tunisian Athlete Refuses to Play against Israeli Archived 23 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (WAFA, 11 October 2011)
^ "Iranian chess master expelled for refusing to play Israeli". The Jerusalem Post. 27 October 2008. 
^ "Stevie Wonder cancels Israel fundraiser concert". BBC News. 2 December 2012. 
^ Stevie Wonder pulls out of Israel fundraiser after boycott pressure (The Jewish Chronicle, 30 November 2012)
^ "Stevie Wonder to Pull Out of IDF Fundraiser". Haaretz. JTA. 29 November 2012. 
^ "Bandboikott av Kapittel" [Band Boycott of Chapter]. Stavanger Aftenblad (in Norwegian). 16 September 2013. 
^ "Når kunst kommer til kort" [When art comes up short] (in Norwegian). NRK. 
^ "Danny Glover calls for cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. JTA. 13 May 2014. Archived from the original on 1 June 2014. 
^ Seven hundred artists have just announced a 'cultural boycott' of Israel (The Independent, 14 February 2015)
^ Letter: Over 100 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel (The Guardian, 13 February 2015)
^ The Jewish Chronicle. 24 August 2001. Front page.
^ MacAskill, Ewen (Diplomatic editor), The Guardian 5 February 2004.
^ Israel: Time to Divest. Desmond Tutu, New Internationalist magazine, January–February 2003
^ DN: "Sluta att köpa israeliska varor" Archived 19 March 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Baker, Mona (20 January 2003). "Palestine Chronicle: Swedish Public Figures Urge Israeli Boycott". Monabaker.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Episcopal News Service: Head of Swedish church's support for boycott of Israeli products stirs debate". Episcopal Church. 29 January 2003. Archived from the original on 17 January 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Growing outrage at the killings in Gaza". The Guardian. 15 January 2009. , archived at "UK Academics Write to the Guardian: 'Israel Must Lose'". Engage. 16 January 2009. Archived from the original on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b c Paul McCartney promises Israel gig will go ahead despite death threats The Guardian, 16 September 2008
^ "UK's Jewish MP calls it Nazi-like operation". Agence France-Presse. 16 January 2008. Retrieved 16 January 2008. 
^ US Academic Boycott of Israel
^ Economic boycott of Israel?
^ a b Finkelstein disowns 'silly' Israel boycott |work=The Jewish Chronicle
^ Chomsky backs tactics opposing Israeli policies The Australian 15 December 2012
^ McGreal, Chris (28 November 2012). "Nobel peace laureates call for Israel military boycott over Gaza assault". The Guardian. 
^ "ADL 12 August 2005". Anti-Defamation League. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "(dead link article)". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 June 2006. [dead link]
^ Cooperman, Alan (29 September 2004). "Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash". The Washington Post. Retrieved 22 July 2008. 
^ "Gush Shalom FAQs" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 March 2012. Retrieved 24 September 2011. 
^ ADL Slams British Academic Boycott Policy Archived 25 September 2012 at the Wayback Machine., Anti-Defamation League, 26 May 2006. Retrieved 16 May 2008.
^ Lecturers call for Israel boycott, BBC, 30 May 2006. Retrieved 16 September 2006.
^ Traubmann, Tamara; Benjamin Joffe-Walt (20 June 2006). "Israeli university boycott: how a campaign backfired". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 September 2006. 
^ Editorial, The New York Sun, 6 May 2005. Facing Up to the AUT
^ Anthony Julius and Alan Dershowitz in The Times Online 13 June 2007 [1]
^ "The Left's 'anti-Semitism' can't go unchallenged". Times Higher Education. 2 June 2006. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b Martino, Peter (12 July 2012). "France Penalizes Boycott of Israeli Products". The Jewish Press. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Le boycott d'Israël validé par la Cour de cassation (Politis, 21 novembre 2013) "La chambre criminelle de la Cour de cassation a confirmé mardi la légalité de la campagne de boycott des produits d'Israël"
^ "Boycotting Israel: New pariah on the block". The Economist. 13 September 2007. 
^ Steinberg, Gerald; Jason Edelstein (6 November 2010). "Turning the tables on BDS". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Israel Apartheid Week, and efforts to combat it, begin
^ Lydon, John (20 July 2010). "Lydon Slams Critics Over Israel Show". Contactmusic.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Consensus Seen Taking Shape On Boycotts
^ a b Cape Town Opera to go on Israel tour
^ Cape Town Opera's Tour to Israel Archived 5 June 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Kiss Lead Singer Gene Simmons Slams Israel Boycotters". Haaretz. Associated Press. 22 March 2011. 
^ a b c "Israel boycotters target authors, artists". Ynetnews. 5 March 2011. Retrieved 23 March 2011. 
^ Kling, Amit (15 May 2011). "Coen Brothers: Boycotting Israel Is a Mistake". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Real satisfaction: Rolling Stones choose Israel over BDS boycott, Fox News 1 April 2014
^ The Rolling Stones in Israel: It's only rock 'n roll, but we loved it, The Times of Israel 5 June 2014
^ "Alicia Keys to Go Forward With Israel Concert, Despite Pressure From BDS Movement". Haaretz. 31 May 2013. 
^ Miller, Sara (29 July 2013). "My, my, my. Tom Jones said to be coming to Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "Eric Burdon from Band The Animals To Play in Israel". The Forward. JTA. 29 July 2013. 
^ Harkov, Lahav (4 October 2015). "Bon Jovi helps Israelis 'Keep the Faith' with empowering songs on a difficult night". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Coorsh, Karolyn (20 July 2011). "Reggae star Ziggy Marley rejects calls to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Sailing with the 'Riverdance' of life. 09.13.11
^ Pro-Palestinian leader condemns violence at Brenner boycott
^ A Conversation with Noam Chomsky on Palestine/Israel
^ "Chomsky says BDS tactics won't work, may be harmful to Palestinians". The Jerusalem Post. 3 July 2014. 
^ Palestinian consul rejects BDS violence
^ Madonna Kicks Off 'MDNA' Tour in Tel Aviv
^ Hasson, Nir (31 May 2012). "Israeli Left-wing NGOs Split on Accepting Madonna's Invite to Tel Aviv Show". Haaretz. 
^ Israel is new South Africa as boycott calls increase (The Independent, 3 June 2012)
^ End the Arab Boycott of Israel
^ "Scarlett Johansson loses role as Oxfam ambassador over Super Bowl SodaStream ad which breaches charity's Israeli boycott". Daily Mail. 30 January 2014. 
^ "J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter author, comes out against BDS movement". The Jerusalem Post. 22 October 2015. 
^ Israel needs cultural bridges, not boycotts – letter from 149 opponents of a cultural boycott of Israel including JK Rowling and Simon Schama (The Guardian, 22 October 2015)
^ Sherwood, Harriet (22 October 2015). "Star authors call for Israeli-Palestinian dialogue rather than boycotts". The Guardian. 
^ a b c d Weiss, Martin A. (5 March 2013). "Arab League Boycott of Israel" (PDF). Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ "Restrictive Trade Practices - Antiboycott Compliance". Brown University. Archived from the original on 12 December 2013. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ Azulay, Moran (11 July 2011). "Knesset votes in favor of 'boycott bill'". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (7 March 2011). "Bill to punish anti-Israel boycotters passes first Knesset hurdle". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (11 July 2011). "Israel passes law banning calls for boycott". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ ספר החוקים (PDF) (in Hebrew). Nevo.co.il. 13 July 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Lis, Jonathan; Tomer Zarchin. "Israeli Left launches public campaign against new law banning boycotts". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Boycott Law may backfire on Israel". RT. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Rights groups to appeal 'Boycott Law' at High Court". The Jerusalem Post. 12 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Azulay, Moran (13 July 2011). "Netanyahu: I approved the Boycott Law". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Australian lawmakers support Israeli business". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Kerr, Christian (17 July 2012). "Support for boycotts on Israel backfired". The Australian. Retrieved 17 July 2012. 
^ Julia Gillard denounces activists as anti-Israel protest turns anti-Semitic
^ Higgins, Ean (29 May 2013). "In a democracy freedom of expression had to allow a capacity for dissent". The Australian. Retrieved 29 May 2013. 
^ Ghnassia, Michaël (23 March 2012). "Boycotter les produits d'Israël ? Non, ce n'est pas de la 'liberté d'expression'". Le Nouvel Observateur. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Tribunal slams academic for bringing anti-Semitism case (The Times Higher Education, 27 March 2013)
^ Government suffers defeat in court by Palestine campaigners over boycott, divestment and sanctions (Palestine Solidarity Campaign, JUNE 22, 2017)





Wikisource has original text related to this article:
Palestinian civil society calls for boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boycotts_of_Israel&oldid=792061670"					
Categories: Boycotts of IsraelZionismHuman rights in IsraelHuman rights in the Palestinian territoriesHidden categories: Wikipedia articles incorporating text from the Congressional Research ServiceWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2015Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 French-language sources (fr)Articles with dead external links from November 2016CS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)CS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)Wikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionArticles needing additional references from November 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles lacking reliable references from November 2011All articles lacking reliable referencesUse dmy dates from November 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017Articles lacking reliable references from March 2016Articles with too many examplesArticles with unsourced statements from April 2011Articles with attributed pull quotesWikipedia articles in need of updating from July 2013All Wikipedia articles in need of updating 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةفارسیFrançaisBahasa Indonesiaעברית 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boycotts of Israel - Wikipedia



















 







Boycotts of Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable. Please help this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged or deleted. (November 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Boycotts of Israel are a systematic practice of avoiding economic, political and cultural ties with the State of Israel, with individual Israelis or with Israeli-based companies or organizations.[1] Boycott campaigns are used by those who oppose Israel's existence,[citation needed] or oppose Israel's policies or actions over the course of the Arab–Israeli conflict, in order to not show support for Israel in general, or the Israeli economy or military in particular.
Boycotts have been enacted or proposed around the world. These boycotts comprise economic measures such as divestment; a consumer boycotts of Israeli products or businesses that operate in Israel; and academic boycotts of Israeli universities. Some advocates of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign use the 1980s movement against South African apartheid as a model. This is due to the fact that boycotters consider Israel's treatment of the Palestinians and its Arab minority as similar to the system of Apartheid in South Africa.[2]



Contents


1 History
2 Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
3 List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts

3.1 Disinvestments


4 Academic boycotts
5 Arms embargoes
6 Artistic boycotts
7 Reception
8 United States government response

8.1 What do the laws prohibit?
8.2 What must be reported?
8.3 Penalties

8.3.1 Criminal
8.3.2 Administrative




9 Israeli government response
10 Australian government response
11 French supreme court verdict
12 United Kingdom
13 See also
14 References



History
In Mandatory Palestine (1920–1948), anti-Zionist boycotts of Jewish-owned businesses were a tool employed by Arab leadership in an attempt to damage the Jewish population of Palestine economically, especially during periods of communal strife between Jews and Arabs. The most severe attempt to boycott Jewish businesses was undertaken by the Arab Higher Committee, headed by Haj Amin al-Husayni in 1936, beginning the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine.
An official organized boycott was adopted by the Arab League in December 1945, before the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,[3] and was continued and intensified after. The Arab League boycott of Israel is an effort by Arab League member states to isolate Israel economically to prevent Arab states and discourage non-Arabs from providing support to Israel and adding to Israel's economic and military strength.[4]
Originally, the Arab boycott had a moderate negative impact on Israel's economy and development. Inevitably the economies of participating Arab nations also suffered as the result of a deterioration in the foreign direct investment climate in the Arab world, and reduction in the volume of trade. Whether or not the Arab nations in question were aware of the potential risks to their own economies is still unknown. There is still debate as to whether they, in unison, viewed the economic sanctions as a necessary sacrifice to slow the development of the newly declared Israeli state, on land previously belonging to and under the control of Arab nations.[5][unreliable source]
Egypt (1979), the Palestinian Authority (1993), and Jordan (1994) signed peace treaties or agreements that ended their participation in the boycott of Israel. Mauritania, which never applied the boycott, established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia do not enforce the boycott.[6]
In 1994, following the Oslo Peace Accords, the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) states, ended their participation in the Arab boycott against Israel,[5] and stated that total elimination of the boycott is a necessary step for peace and economic development in the region.[6] In present days, the Arab boycott is rarely applied. The move prompted a surge of investment in Israel, and resulted in the initiation of joint cooperation projects between Israel and Arab countries.[5][unreliable source]
Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
Main article: Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
In 2005, on the one year anniversary of the International Court of Justice's ruling on the legality of Israeli West Bank barrier, Palestinian NGOs and labor unions issued a call for boycott, divestment and sanctions targeted at Israel with the stated goals that:

These non-violent punitive measures should be maintained until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people's inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by:

Ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall;
Recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality; and
Respecting, protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194.


According to a survey by Geocartography Knowledge, 85% of Palestinian residents in the West Bank are interested in cooperation with Israel.[7] The PLO, its branches, Palestinian businesses and universities cooperate with Israel daily. According to the head of the Federation of Trade Unions of Palestine, Shaher Saad, in 2011 the number of Palestinians employed in Israeli settlements increased significantly to around 31,000 due to the high rate of unemployment and poverty, and that about 70,000 worked in Israel proper.[8] Sari Nusseibeh, president of Al-Quds University, opposed a boycott of Israeli universities in 2014; other Palestinian academics also told the New York Times they oppose cutting ties to Israeli universities, however opinions of academics were split, with at least some of those who favour BDS noting they were unsure if BDS will have any effect.[9]
List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


Main article: Disinvestment from Israel




A sign on the front door of a Palestinian house: "I have a clear conscience, do you? This home is free of products produced in [Israeli] Settlements."






Protest against Israel's Gaza Blockade and raid on Mavi Marmara – Melbourne 5 June 2010.






Members of the Neturei Karta Orthodox Jewish group protest against the Israeli occupation of Palestine.






Protests calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in Tanzania.






Protests in Ireland against Israeli bombings and air strikes in the occupied Palestinian territories.






Supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement in Berlin, Germany calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine following Israeli military bombings in Gaza.






Protest in Bratislava, Slovakia following the 2009 bombings of Gaza.



In December 2005, the Sør-Trøndelag regional council of Norway passed a motion calling for a comprehensive boycott of Israeli goods. The council acted as a result of lobbying by Norwegian activists, who had launched a national "Boycott Israel" campaign in June 2005.[10]
In May 2006, the Ontario section of the Canadian Union of Public Employees approved a resolution to "support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel until that state recognizes the Palestinian right to self-determination" and to protest the Israeli West Bank barrier.[11][12][13]
The Congress of South African Trade Unions published a letter expressing their support for the CUPE boycott of Israel.[14]
The Toronto assembly of the United Church of Canada (UCC) supports CUPE's boycott. In 2003, the Toronto assembly voted to boycott goods produced by Jewish settlements in the occupied territories.[15] The national umbrella UCC declined to support a boycott at the time. In August 2012 the General Council of the United Church of Canada approved a recommendation to boycott products in Israeli settlements located within occupied Palestinian territory.[16][17]
The Church of England synod has voted for disinvestment from Israel, which was criticised by George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury as "inappropriate, offensive and highly damaging".[18]
Britain's National Union of Journalists called for a boycott on 14 April 2007. By a vote of 66 to 54, the annual delegate's meeting of Britain's largest trade union for journalists called for "a boycott of Israeli goods similar to those boycotts in the struggles against apartheid South Africa led by trade unions, and [for] the [Trades Union Congress] to demand sanctions be imposed on Israel by the British government".[19]
At its biennial delegate conference held in May 2008, IMPACT (the Irish Municipal, Public and Civil Trade Union), Ireland's largest public sector and services trade union, passed two resolutions criticising Israeli suppression of the Palestinians and endorsing a boycott of Israeli goods and services. The motions also supported divestment from those corporations engaged in or profiting from the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.[20]
In November 2008 the United Kingdom initiated measures to label products produced in Israeli settlements:


The Foreign Office has confirmed that Britain's initiative against Israeli exports originating in the West Bank is merely the opening shot in a wider campaign it is waging against the settlements. [...] The FO [foreign office] reiterated its view that "the settlements are illegal.... Practical steps ... include ensuring that goods from the settlements do not enter the UK without paying the proper duties and ensuring that goods are properly labelled."[21]


Sources near the talks say the United Kingdom is accusing some Israeli companies of fraud: Their labeling indicates that they manufacture in Israel, but their plants are in the territories.[22]


Based on experience, there are concerns in Israel that the discussion on exports from the territories will affect all Israeli exports to Europe. Roughly that happened four years ago, after Israel rejected European demands to specifically label products produced outside the pre-1967 war borders.[22]


Tzipi Livni protested: It appears to be the fruits of long efforts by a strong pro-Palestinian lobby that now spur the British into action. Nevertheless, the British insist that at British consumers want to know the source of the products that they purchase. [...] But the biggest fear in Israel is that the issue will spill beyond manufacturers in the territories, affecting all local exporters and all exports to the EU – as was the case the last time that the issue boiled to the surface.[22]


In February 2009 the Belgian government decided to stop exporting weapons to Israel that would bolster its military capabilities. Minister for Trade Patricia Ceysens said the decision followed a cabinet discussion concerning Israel's actions in Gaza. Belgian Foreign Minister Karel De Gucht added that "given the current circumstances, weapons cannot be shipped from Belgium to Israel".[23]





Protest by Code Pink against AHAVA in Los Angeles, California in July 2009.



In Britain, Ahava's cosmetic products sparked controversy because they are manufactured in the Israeli settlement of Mitzpe Shalem, located on the Dead Sea in the West Bank. The store chain Selfridges withdrew Ahava's products (among others) in December 2001 after a boycott campaign launched by pro-Palestinian groups,[24] but reinstated them a few weeks later.[citation needed] Critics argue that the products are labelled as having "Israeli origin" when, according to the European Union, goods originating in the West Bank or Gaza cannot be labelled as having Israeli origin because, "according to international public law, including the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions, these territories cannot be considered to be part of the State of Israel", and are not included in the EU-Israel Association Agreement.[25] The boycott of Ahava has also been endorsed by Code Pink, which argues that Ahava's use of Palestinian natural resources from the Dead Sea is, according to the Fourth Geneva Convention, a "patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit". Ahava's store in a fashionable street of London's West End closed in September 2011 after constant protests by pro-Palestinian activists. Owners of the surrounding stores complained to the landlord that the repeated protests were affecting their business. A pro-Israeli group also held fortnightly counter-demonstrations.[26]
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU) launched a boycott of Israeli goods in February 2009 as a response to the Gaza War, arguing that "a sustained international effort was needed to secure a durable settlement".[27]
In September 2009, Britain's Trade Union Congress (TUC) endorsed an initiative to boycott products originating from the Israeli-occupied territories, stating "[to] increase the pressure for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian Territories and removal of the separation wall and illegal settlements, we will support a boycott (...) of those goods and agricultural products that originate in illegal settlements – through developing an effective, targeted consumer-led boycott campaign working closely with Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) – and campaign for disinvestment by companies associated with the occupation as well as engaged in building the separation wall." The Fire Brigade Union (FBU) as well as Britain's largest trade union, Unite, and the largest public sector union, Unison, called for a complete boycott of all Israeli products.[28] In October 2009, the University of Sussex Students' Union became the first in Britain to vote for a boycott of Israeli goods. Norman Finkelstein praised the move as "a victory, not for Palestinians but for truth and justice".[29]
In February 2009, dock workers in South Africa refused to unload an Israeli ship "as part of a refusal to support oppression and exploitation". The Congress of South African Trade Unions, COSATU, compared Israel to "dictatorial and oppressive" states such as Zimbabwe and Swaziland. COSATU also drew parallels to events in 1963, when dock workers across the globe began to boycott vessels from South Africa to protest its apartheid regime. The Western Australian members of the Maritime Union of Australia supported the move and called for a boycott of all Israeli vessels.[30]
In November 2009, the Palestinian Authority began encouraging a boycott of supermarket chains in the West Bank that carried products from Israeli settlements. According to Palestinian authorities, consumers were not aware that some of the products on sale at these outlets were produced in Israeli settlements, and it was felt that boycotting settlement products would improve demand for Palestinian produce. The authorities invoked existing legislation under which trading in goods originating in the settlements was illegal in the Palestinian territories.[31] The Palestinian boycott of settlement goods was widened in 2010, and it was reported that some businesses in the settlement of Maale Adumim had closed as a consequence.[32] In August 2010 the mayor of the settlement Ariel said that the Palestinian boycott of settlement goods "was causing great damage to factories in the area".[33]
As a response to an Israeli raid of a ship to the Gaza Strip, Swedish port workers decided to refuse processing Israeli ships for a period of one week in June 2010.[34] Similar boycotts in response to the Israeli raid were launched by port workers in Norway[35] and California.[36]
In June 2010, the British Methodist Church decided to begin boycotting products originating in Israeli settlements, becoming the first major Christian denomination in Britain to officially adopt such a policy. The boycott, which was seen as placing the Methodists on a collision course with Britain's Jewish minority, encourages also lay Methodists to follow the church's lead and boycott any products made on Jewish settlements on the West Bank.[37]
In July 2010, the Olympia food co-op in the State of Washington in the United States decided to stop selling products from Israel in its two grocery stores. A board member of the co-op said concerning the boycott that "any product that is made (...) to improve the conditions of the Palestinians will be exempted."[38]
The World Council of Churches called for a boycott in 2010 of products originating in Israeli settlements.[39]
In February 2012, Vancouverite Shani Bar-Oz's soap products store was being boycotted for carrying Israeli products, and "venomous protests" were staged outside her store, which included the shouting of anti-semitic slogans. However, according to the shop owner this resulted in "a huge wave of support and generated new business ... with new orders pouring in as result of the story".[40]
In March 2012, the Park Slope Food Co-op rejected a motion to boycott Israel, after months of heated debate. The final vote was 1,005-653. 1,600 members attended the meeting—larger than most meetings of the food co-op.[41]
In April 2012, the United Kingdom's Co-Operative Group said in a statement that it had decided to stop buying products from companies known to source from the settlements. The decision affects contracts valued at £350,000. The retailer had stopped selling goods originating from the settlements themselves in 2009. According to the group, it was still doing business with Israeli companies that are not connected with the settlements.[42][43]
In June 2013, major British trade union GMB decided to ban its members from visiting Israel and the Palestinian territories on delegations organized by the Trade Union Friends of Israel (TUFI). A spokesman for GMB said the union didn't want to be associated with an organization fighting a boycott of trade with illegal settlements in occupied territories.[44]
In July 2013, the European Union enacted a decision forbidding EU member states from cooperating with or transferring funds or giving scholarships and research grants to bodies in the West Bank, eastern Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights.[45][46]
In July 2013, two of the largest supermarket chains in the Netherlands removed from their shelves all products manufactured in Israeli settlements. A third chain, which had already de-stocked settlement goods, sought confirmation that goods it sold as "Made in Israel" didn't originate in the settlements. Dutch retailers were considering whether settlement goods should be labeled as such, or banned altogether.[47]
Throughout 2013 Israeli settlements in the Jordan Valley lost 14% of their income because supermarkets in the UK and Scandinavia were shunning their products.[48]
On 6 March 2014, student Students at the National University of Ireland Galway (NUI Galway) endorsed a resolution to support actively the BDS movement.[49]

Disinvestments




Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer used by the Israel Defense Forces, often used demolishing Palestinian houses and properties.
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI



14 Belgian municipalities left the Franco-Belgian bank Dexia, which was financing Israeli settlements through its Israeli subsidiary.[50]
A Norwegian government pension fund sold its shares in Elbit Systems due to its role in building the West Bank barrier.[51]
The Norwegian government announced in August 2010 that based on advice from the Norwegian Council on Ethics, it had excluded two Israeli companies from a government pension fund. According to the government, the firms Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus were involved in developing settlements in occupied Palestinian territory, which is prohibited under the Fourth Geneva Convention.[52] However, in 2013, after a review of Africa-Israel's activities, the Norwegian government announced that they could now re-invest in Africa-Israel and Danya Cebus as they were no longer involved in the construction of settlements.[53] The ban was re-instated in 2014 after Norway's Council of Ethics received information Danya Cebus was in fact involved with the settlements.[54]
German rail company Deutsche Bahn decided in 2011 to withdraw from a project to build a rail link between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, following pressure from German lawmakers. The decision was taken because the rail link cuts through the West Bank.[55]
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI. MSCI cited Israel's use of Caterpillar bulldozers in the Palestinian territories as a key reason for its decision. MSCI also cited employee safety concerns, environmental issues and a plant closing in Canada.[56]
In July 2004, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) (PCUSA) voted to initiate a process of selective divestment in businesses that it believes bear particular responsibility for the suffering of Palestinians, such as Caterpillar Inc.[57] In 2012 the church decided to reject divestment.[58] In 2014 the Presbyterians decided, by a vote of 310 to 303, to divest from Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola Solutions, which the church said supply Israel with equipment used in the occupation of Palestinian territory.[59]
In December 2012 the New Zealand superannuation fund, which invests money on behalf of the New Zealand Government, excluded two companies for involvement in Israeli settlements and one company for involvement in the West Bank Barrier. A spokesperson cited UN findings of illegality concerning both the Barrier and settlements as central to the decision to exclude the companies.[60]
In January 2014 the Dutch pension fund PGGM dumped its holdings in five Israeli banks allegedly involved in financing illegal settlements.[54]
In January 2014 Danish Danske Bank said Israeli Bank Hapoalim was acting against the rules of international humanitarian law by engaging in settlement construction, and that consequently Danske could not invest in it. Danske had already decided to pull its investments from Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus, for the same reason.[61]
In 2015, fizzy drink dispenser maker Sodastream ceased using its factory in the occupied West Bank following pressure by campaigners. Sodastream said the closure was not affected by the boycott campaign, but boycott campaigners described the move as a clear win for their movement.[62]

Academic boycotts
Main article: Academic boycotts of Israel
In 2006, two of Britain's lecturers' unions, the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education and the Association of University Teachers, voted to support an academic boycott against Israel.[63] The AUT ban was overturned by members at an Emergency General Meeting a few weeks later, while the NATFHE boycott expired when a merger with AUT to form the University and College Union came into effect.[64] In May 2007, the UCU congress passed Motion 30, which called on the members to circulate information and consider a boycott request by Palestinian trade unions.
In 2009, Spanish organizers of an international solar power design competition excluded a team from the Israeli Ariel University Center. The stated reason was that the Ariel university is located in the West Bank, a Spanish official was quoted saying, "Spain acted in line with European Union policy of opposing Israel's occupation of Palestinian land."[65]
On that year, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology rejected the academic boycott of Israel, stating that being able to cooperate with Israeli academics, and hearing their views on the conflict, is critical for studying of the causes of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians and how it can be resolved.[66]
In 2007, nearly 300 university presidents across the United States signed a join statement denouncing the boycott movement. Following Operation Cast Lead in 2010, a group of 15 American university professors launched a campaign calling for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. In 2010 the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (USACBI) announced it had collected 500 endorsements from US academics for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. The endorsements were seen as a sign of changing US attitudes toward Israel in the wake of an Israeli raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla in the Mediterranean.[67][68]
In 2011 the University of Johannesburg decided to suspend ties with Israeli Ben-Gurion University, citing the University's support for the Israeli military. The decision was seen to affect projects in biotechnology and water purification.[69] However, two days later, Ihron Rensburg, vice chancellor and principal of the university issued a statement saying that "UJ is not part of an academic boycott of Israel...It has never been UJ's intention to sever all ties with BGU, although it may have been the intention of some UJ staff members."[70]
University of Pennsylvania President Amy Gutmann said in January 2012 that the university "has clearly stated on numerous occasions that it does not support sanctions or boycotts against Israel". She said that the school was not a sponsor of a BDS conference taking place on campus in February 2012.[71]
In 2013 the Teachers Union of Ireland passed a motion calling for an academic boycott of Israel. Jim Roche, who presented the motion, said "I am very pleased that this motion was passed with such support by TUI members (...) there is no question that Israel is implementing apartheid policies against the Palestinians." [72]
In May 2013, in what was seen as a major development,[73] Stephen Hawking joined the academic boycott of Israel by reversing his decision to participate in the Jerusalem-based Israeli Presidential Conference hosted by Israeli president Shimon Peres. Hawking approved a published statement from the British Committee for the Universities of Palestine that described his decision as independent, "based upon his knowledge of Palestine, and on the unanimous advice of his own academic contacts there".[74] Reactions to Hawking's boycott were mixed, some praised his boycott as a "peaceful protest" while others condemned his decision and accused him of anti-semitism.[75][76]
On 4 December 2013, the American Studies Association (ASA) endorsed a boycott of Israeli academic institutions in a resolution that stated "there is no effective or substantive academic freedom for Palestinian students and scholars under conditions of Israeli occupation, and Israeli institutions of higher learning are a party to Israeli state policies that violate human rights and negatively impact the working conditions of Palestinian scholars and students."[77] The election attracted the largest number of voters in the association history with 66.05% for, 30.5% against and 3.43% abstaining.[78] Over 92 universities rejected the boycott and some of them withdrew their membership in the ASA in protest of the boycott decision.[79]
In October 2014, 500 Middle East studies scholars and librarians issued a call for an academic boycott of Israel. According to the signatories, "world governments and mainstream media do not hold Israel accountable for its violations of international law. We, however, as a community of scholars engaged with the Middle East, have a moral responsibility to do so." [80]
In October 2014, 500 anthropologists endorsed an academic boycott of Israeli institutions seen as complicit in violations of Palestinians' rights. The signatories of the statement said, "as a community of scholars who study problems of power, oppression, and cultural hegemony, we have a moral responsibility to speak out and demand accountability from Israel and our own governments." [81]
In January 2016, 168 Italian academics and researchers published a call to boycott Israeli academic institutions. Israel's Institute of Technology, Technion, was singled out as a boycott target. "The Institute carries out research in a wide range of technologies and weapons used to oppress and attack Palestinians", said the call.[82]
Arms embargoes
In 2014, Spain froze arms and military technology exports to Israel over the Gaza war. The embargo stopped sales of defense and dual-use materiel from Spain to Israel.[83][84][85][86]
In 2014, in connection with the Gaza war, British government ministers said no new arms export licenses would be granted for sales to Israel until a formal peace is agreed. In case hostilities are to flare up, exports under existing licenses would reportedly be discontinued.[87]
Artistic boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


See also: Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel




Poet and human rights activist Remi Kanazi supporting BDS.



The cultural boycott of Israel originally received the support of famous artists such as musicians Roger Waters and Brian Eno,[88] writers Eduardo Galeano and Arundhati Roy,[89] filmmakers Ken Loach[90] and Jean-Luc Godard.[91] Waters has called artists to boycott Israel until Israel ends its occupation, grants full equality to Israeli Arabs and allows all Palestinian refugees right of return.[92]
Creative Community for Peace, founded in late 2011, is an organization made up of music executives, talent agents and entertainment lawyers that seeks to counter artist boycotts of Israel.[93]
In Ireland, support for boycotting Israel has been voiced since September 2006.[94] The Irish Times has published an open letter in January 2009[95] with 300 signatures, including deputies, senators, political leaders (including Gerry Adams and Tony Benn), union leaders, professors and artists. In August 2010, 150 Irish artists launched a cultural boycott of Israel, declaring that they would not perform or exhibit in Israel, "until such time as Israel complies with international law and universal principles of human rights". Organizers explained the boycott was motivated by what they saw as abuse of Palestinian human rights by Israel.[96]
The Yes Men[97] pulled out of a film festival in 2009 in Israel.
In 2010, American singer Devendra Banhart, and Irish singer Tommy Sands cancelled their shows in Israel as a response to Israeli policies.[98] That same year, Carlos Santana also cancelled a performance following pressure from groups critical of Israel. It was not clear whether it was for political reasons or due to scheduling problems.[99][100] Likewise, Elvis Costello called off planned gigs, citing what he called the "intimidation" and "humiliation" of Palestinians.[101][102] Jazz and spoken word artist Gil Scott-Heron canceled a planned performance in Tel Aviv in 2010, saying he "hated war".[103] Annie Lennox states again that she will no longer perform in Israel.[104]
That same year, British bands The Klaxons, Gorillaz Sound System,[105] Leftfield,[106] Faithless,[107] Tindersticks[108] and Massive Attack,[109] as well as the American band Pixies,[110] cancelled performances in Israel in apparent response to the Gaza flotilla raid.
Writers Henning Mankell[111] (who was on board the Freedom Flotilla), Iain Banks[112] and Alice Walker[113] publish statements in the press in support of the cultural boycott of the State of Israel.
In February 2010, 500 artists from the city of Montreal, including Lhasa de Sela, Gilles Vigneault, Richard Desjardins, members of Bran Van 3000 and Silver Mt. Zion, joined the cultural boycott of Israel, saying that Palestinians "face an entrenched system of racial discrimination and segregation, resembling the defeated apartheid system in South Africa".[114][115]
That same year, a hundred Norwegian artists endorse the BDS call.[116]
In Israel, actors refuse to play in the 1967 occupied territories. They are quickly supported by 150 Israeli intellectuals and artists, including Niv Gordon, Gideon Levy, Shlomo Sand, Zeev Sternhell, David Grossman, A.B. Yehoshua, and Amos Oz.[117]
French singer Vanessa Paradis cancelled a performance planned for February 2011 in Tel Aviv. According to insider sources, she and her husband Johnny Depp acceded to calls to cancel the show made by Palestinian boycott campaigners, who threatened to boycott them too. Her agent maintained that the concert was cancelled strictly for professional reasons.[118] That same month, the classical singer Thomas Quasthoff cancelled the six shows he was supposed to give in Israel.[119]
In September 2011, Anglo-Egyptian singer Natacha Atlas cancelled her tour in Israel and stated, "I had an idea that performing in Israel would have been a unique opportunity to encourage and support my fans' opposition to the current government's actions and policies. I would have personally asked my Israeli fans face-to-face to fight this apartheid with peace in their hearts, but after much deliberation I now see that it would be more effective a statement to not go to Israel until this systemised apartheid is abolished once and for all. Therefore I publicly retract my well-intentioned decision to go and perform in Israel and so sincerely hope that this decision represents an effective statement against this regime."[120]
In 2011, several other artists cancelled their concerts in Israel. South African band Ladysmith Black Mambazo,[121] English singer Marc Almond, American jazz band Tuba Skinny, American piano player Jason Moran and Puerto Rican piano player Eddie Palmieri (these last three cancelled their participation in the Red Sea Jazz Festival),[122] South African rapper Ewok,[123] English band The Yardbirds, Greek Martha Frintzila and Turc Hosam Hayek (these last two cancelled their participation to the Jerusalem oud festival),[124] Malian singer Oumou Sangaré, American singer Joe Lynn Turner, and young English dubstep musician Joker[125]
British band Faithless and its leader David Randall confirm their commitment to BDS by publishing the video "Freedom For Palestine" with the collective "One World" that includes Maxi Jazz, Sudha and Andy Treacy (of Faithless), Jamie Catto (of One Giant Leap), Harry Collier (of Kubb), Phil Jones (of Specimen A), Mark Thomas, Lowkey, Michael Rosen, LSK, Andrea Britton, Attab Haddad, Joelle Barker, the Durban Gospel Choir (of South Africa) and members of the London Community Gospel Choir.
Spanish singer Paco Ibanez states in a French newspaper that he will now boycott the Hebrew language, which he can speak, for political reasons.[126]
150 Swiss artists signed an appeal for the cultural boycott of Israel.[127] A group of Indian artists cancelled their participation to an exhibition in Israel.[128]
The AMARC (international non-governmental organization serving the community radio movement, with almost 3 000 members and associates in 110 countries) joins the BDS campaign.[129]
In 2012, Tunisian fence champion Sara Besbes[130] and Iranian chess-master Ehsan Ghaem Maghami[131] boycotted their games to avoid facing Israeli opponents.
In November 2012, the American musician Stevie Wonder bowed to intense pressure and cancelled his participation in a fundraising concert in support of the Israel Defense Forces. Wonder cited his role as a UN goodwill representative, and stated, "I am, and always have been, against war, any war, anywhere."[132][133][134]
In September 2013, the punk-band Oi Polloi, of Scotland, cancelled their appearance in the Norwegian cultural establishment Kapittel, protesting the appearance of the Israeli ambassador to Norway. In a Twitter message, the band announced that "We are not playing together with professional apologetics of war crimes, torture, illegal occupation, ethnic cleansing and racism."[135]
In January 2014, Norwegian musician Pål Moddi Knutsen cancelled his concert in Tel Aviv after appeals by Palestinian human rights activists.[136]
In May 2014, Grace Lee Boggs, Danny Glover and 10 others called for a cultural boycott of Israel, saying they "formally stand with the people of Palestine".[137]
In February 2015, a group of seven hundred artists said they would boycott Israel until its "colonial oppression of Palestinians" comes to an end. The group drew a parallel between their decision and the refusal of artists to perform in Apartheid-era South Africa, saying they would not play music, accept awards, attend exhibitions, festivals or conferences in Israeli cities. The group included Brian Eno, Alexei Sayle, Richard Ashcroft, Riz Ahmed, Miriam Margolyes and Ken Loach.[138][139]

Reception





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


In August 2001 a 50-strong delegation from the World Council of Churches produced a report calling for a boycott of goods produced by Jewish settlers. The report called on the executive of the WCC to "affirm the legitimacy of Palestinian resistance to injustice and foreign occupation".[140]
In February 2004 following a six-month inquiry a select committee presented a report to the British parliament calling for the suspension of the European Union's preferential trade agreement with Israel "until it (Israel) lifts the movement restrictions which it has placed on Palestinian trade". Between 2002 and 2004 the EU exported £30.1 billion worth of goods to Israel while the value of goods imported was £21.1 billion[141]
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called on the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa and supports the divestment campaign against Israel.[142]
Swedish archbishop K. G. Hammar, ambassador Carl Tham and a list of 71 others have supported a boycott of products from the occupied areas.[143][144][145]
A joint open letter by 322 UK academics was published in The Guardian 16 January 2009. The letter called on the British government and the British people to take all feasible steps to oblige Israel to stop its "military aggression and colonial occupation" of the Palestinian land and its "criminal use of force", suggesting to start with a programme of boycott, divestment and sanctions.[146]
In 2008, former Beatles singer Paul McCartney decided to perform in Israel for the country's 60th anniversary despite a death threat from militant Islamic activist Omar Bakri Muhammad, who said, "If he values his life Mr McCartney must not come to Israel. He will not be safe there. The sacrifice operatives will be waiting for him."[147] Omar Barghouti, one of the founders of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel, described the threat as "deplorable".[147] McCartney said "I do what I think and I have many friends who support Israel."[147]
In 2008 British Member of Parliament Sir Gerald Kaufman claimed, "It is time for our government to make clear to the Israeli government that its conduct and policies are unacceptable and to impose a total arms ban on Israel."[148]
Norman Finkelstein, writing in 2006, said he supports a "US academic boycott of Israel" [149] and an "economic boycott of Israel"


“
1) Do Israeli human rights violations warrant an economic boycott? and 2) Can such a boycott make a meaningful contribution toward ending these violations? I would argue that both these questions should be answered in the affirmative.
”


— Norman Finkelstein, Article "Economic boycott of Israel?" on www.normanfinkelstein.com[150]


In February 2012, Finkelstein "launched a blistering attack" of the BDS movement during an interview, saying it was a "hypocritical, dishonest cult" that tries to cleverly pose as human rights activists while in reality their goal is to destroy Israel. .[151] In addition, he said: "I'm getting a little bit exasperated with what I think is a whole lot of nonsense. I'm not going to tolerate silliness, childishness and a lot of leftist posturing. I loathe the disingenuousness. We will never hear the solidarity movement [back a] two-state solution." Furthermore, Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement has had very few successes, and that just like a cult, the leaders pretend that they are hugely successful when in reality the general public rejects their extreme views. He does mention though that he supports the idea of a non-violent BDS movement.[151]
In an e-mail dated 15 December 2012, Noam Chomsky defended the tactics as non-anti-Semitic. Although Chomsky believes that any tactic, however legitimate, can be misused, he also remarked that they can also be used quite properly and effectively against state crimes, and in this case of BDS, they regularly have been.[152] In May 2013, Chomsky, along with other professors such as Professor Malcolm Levitt, advised Professor Stephen Hawking to boycott an Israeli conference.[73]
In November 2012 a group of 51 people, including Nobel peace laureates, prominent artists and activists published a letter calling for a military embargo on Israel. The letter accused several countries of providing assistance to Israel that facilitated Israel's 2012 military operation in the Gaza Strip. Nobel peace laureates Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Pérez Esquivel were among the group signing the letter.[153]
The Anti-Defamation League, whose mission is to stop the defamation of Jews, has claimed that singling out Israel is "outrageous and biased"[154] as well as "deplorable and offensive".[155] and heads of several major U.S. Jewish organizations have referred to them as "lop-sided" and "unbalanced".[156]
Boycott calls have also been called "profoundly unjust" and relying on a "false" analogy with the previous apartheid regime of South Africa. One critical statement has alleged that the boycotters apply "different standards" to Israel than other countries, that the boycott is "counterproductive and retrograde" yet has no comparability to Nazi boycotts of Jewish shops in the 1930s.[157][158][159][160][161][162][163]
According to a ruling by the French appellate court of Colmar, publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes discrimination and as such is illegal under French law. Yet the Court of Cassation, the highest criminal court of appeal in France, has separately confirmed the legality of calling for a boycott or Israeli goods.[164][165]
The Economist contends that the boycott is "flimsy" and ineffective, that "blaming Israel alone for the impasse in the occupied territories will continue to strike many outsiders as unfair," and points out that the Palestinian leadership does not support the boycott.[166]
In an op-ed published in The Jerusalem Post in November 2010, Gerald Steinberg and Jason Edelstein contend that while "the need to refute their [BDS organizations] allegations is clear, students and community groups must also adopt a proactive strategy to undermine the credibility and influence of these groups. This strategy will marginalize many of the BDS movement's central actors, and expose the lie that BDS is a grassroots protest against Israeli policy. Exposing their abuses and funding sources, and forcing their campaign leaders and participants to respond to us will change the dynamic in this battle."[167] In an effort to combat BDS, in March 2011, NGO Monitor produced "the BDS Sewer System" intended to provide detailed information about boycott campaigns against Israel.[168]
After the post-punk group PiL went to Tel Aviv to headline the Heineken Music Conference 2010 Festival in August 2010, British musician John Lydon responded to criticism by saying: "If Elvis-fucking-Costello wants to pull out of a gig in Israel because he's suddenly got this compassion for Palestinians, then good on him. But I have absolutely one rule, right? Until I see an Arab country, a Muslim country, with a democracy, I won't understand how anyone can have a problem with how they're treated."[169]
Martin Raffel, who oversees the Israel Action Network, argued in March 2011 that Israel's supporters can respectfully debate artists who choose to boycott the West Bank town of Ariel, but "not recognizing Israel as a Jewish democratic state is a completely different story".[170]
In October 2010, the Cape Town Opera (CTO) declined an appeal by Desmond Tutu to cancel a tour of Israel.[171] The CTO stated that the company was "reluctant to adopt the essentially political position of disengagement from cultural ties with Israel or with Palestine,[171] and that they had been in negotiations for four years and would respect the contract.[172]
Gene Simmons, lead singer of Kiss, said that artists who avoid Israel—such as Elvis Costello, the Pixies and Roger Waters—would be better served directing their anger at Arab dictators. "The countries they should be boycotting are the same countries that the populations are rebelling," he said.[173]
Other artists who have voiced opposition to the campaign include writers Umberto Eco[174] and film makers Joel and Ethan Coen.[175] Many musicians such as Elton John, Leonard Cohen, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Metallica, Editors, Placebo, LCD Soundsystem, MGMT, Justin Bieber, Madonna, Paul McCartney, Ziggy Marley, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Mark Ronson, Depeche Mode, Gilberto Gil, Daniela Mercury, Rolling Stones,[176][177] Alicia Keys,[174][178] Tom Jones,[179] Eric Burdon,[180] Bon Jovi[181] and Ziggy Marley[182] have chosen to perform in Israel in recent years. Novelist Ian McEwan, upon being awarded the Jerusalem Prize, was urged to turn it down, but said that "If I only went to countries that I approve of, I probably would never get out of bed.... It's not great if everyone stops talking."[174]
The Irish Dance production Riverdance performed in Israel in 2011, despite requests that it boycott Israel. The group stated that "Riverdance supports the policy of the Irish Government and indeed the policy of every other EU state that cultural interaction is preferable to isolation."[183]
Reverend Jim Barr, president of the Australia Palestine Advocacy Network, while supporting the boycott, divestment and sanctions campaign against Israel, disagreed with the protest action at Israeli-owned Max Brenner chocolate stores in Australia, saying, "that stuff just discredits the whole movement."[184]
In 2010, Noam Chomsky was interviewed regarding the boycott movement against Israel. He said that while he supported correctly targeted boycott calls, he called inaccurately targeted boycott calls hypocritical. According to Chomsky, boycotting Israeli settlements or arms sales made sense but calling for a boycott of anything Israeli, or demanding for the Right of Return, would be hypocritical and play into the hands of hardliners in the United States and Israel.[185] In July 2014, Noam Chomsky warns that the boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign could end up harming the Palestinian cause since the demand for a "right of return" for Palestinian refugees has failed to muster significant international support. He also said "if we boycott Tel Aviv University because Israel violates human rights at home, then why not boycott Harvard because of far greater violations by the United States?".[186]
In October 2011, Izzat Abdulhadi, head of the General Delegation of Palestine to Australia said that he is against the "full-scale" BDS campaign, and in particular expressed his anger over the occasionally violent protests at the Max Brenner stores in Australia, saying, "BDS is a non-violent process and I don't think it's the right of anybody to use BDS as a violent action or to prevent people from buying from any place." [187]
Madonna's The MDNA Tour began in May 2012 in Tel Aviv, Israel.[188] She said that the concert in Tel Aviv was a "peace concert", and offered about 600 tickets to the show to various Israeli and Palestinian groups, but this offer was rejected by Anarchists Against the Wall and the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity group. One activist said "no one is talking about dismantling the privileged regime or of ending the occupation. They talk of peace as a philosophical thing, without connecting to things happening on the ground and that concert is going in that direction." The offer was accepted by the Palestinian-Israeli Peace NGO Forum.[189] Madonna's performance was criticised by a group called "Boycott from Within" as "a blatant attempt at whitewashing Israeli crimes" and Omar Barghouti said that "by performing in Israel, Madonna has consciously and shamefully lent her name to fig-leafing Israel's occupation and apartheid and showed her obliviousness to human rights."[190]
Ed Husain, writing in the New York Times, says that the boycott of Israel should end, since it is hurting the Palestinians more than helping them. Husain believes that the "voice of the Palestinian imams who want to see an end to the boycott needs to be amplified", as well as those "religious leaders" in Egypt and in Saudi Arabia who "advocate peace".[191]
In January 2014, Scarlett Johansson started to promote SodaStream, an Israeli company operating in Ma'ale Adumim, a West Bank settlement, which sparked criticism from Oxfam. In response, Johansson severed ties with Oxfam after eight years, saying she supports trade and "social interaction between a democratic Israel and Palestine" and she has "a fundamental difference of opinion with Oxfam in regards to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement". SodaStream plant employs both Palestinians and Israelis and the company says it is a model of peaceful cooperation.[192]
In October 2015, J.K. Rowling was one of the 150 people from the British arts world who signed a letter against the call for a boycott of Israel that was made in February. The signatories of the letter said "cultural boycotts singling out Israel are divisive and discriminatory, and will not further peace. Open dialogue and interaction promote greater understanding and mutual acceptance, and it is through such understanding and acceptance that movement can be made towards a resolution of the conflict." Some of the signatories were closely aligned with Israel, for example via the Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour friends of Israel.[193][194][195]
United States government response
In the United States, the Export Administration Act discourages, and in some circumstances, prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from furthering or supporting the boycott of Israel. The Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) is responsible for penalties are imposed for each "knowing" violation with fines of up to $50,000 or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years.
During the mid-1970s the United States adopted two laws that seek to counteract the participation of U.S. citizens in other nation's economic boycotts or embargoes. These "antiboycott" laws are the 1977 amendments to the Export Administration Act (EAA) and the Ribicoff Amendment to the Tax Reform Act of 1976 (TRA). While these laws share a common purpose, there are distinctions in their administration.
The antiboycott laws were adopted to encourage, and in specified cases, require U.S. firms to refuse to participate in foreign boycotts that the United States does not sanction. They have the effect of preventing U.S. firms from being used to implement foreign policies of other nations which run counter to U.S. policy.
The Arab League boycott of Israel is the principal foreign economic boycott that U.S. companies must be concerned with today. The antiboycott laws, however, apply to all boycotts imposed by foreign countries that are unsanctioned by the United States.
The antiboycott provisions of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) apply to the activities of U.S. persons in the interstate or foreign commerce of the United States. The term "U.S. person" includes all individuals, corporations and unincorporated associations resident in the United States, including the permanent domestic affiliates of foreign concerns. U.S. persons also include U.S. citizens abroad (except when they reside abroad and are employed by non-U.S. persons) and the controlled in fact affiliates of domestic concerns. The test for "controlled in fact" is the ability to establish the general policies or to control the day-to-day operations of the foreign affiliate.[196]
The scope of the EAR, as defined by Section 8 of the EAA, is limited to actions taken with intent to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.
What do the laws prohibit?
Conduct that may be penalized under the TRA and/or prohibited under the EAR includes:[197]

Agreements to refuse or actual refusal to do business with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies
Agreements to discriminate or actual discrimination against other persons based on race, religion, sex, national origin or nationality.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about business relationships with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about the race, religion, sex, or national origin of another person.

Implementing letters of credit containing prohibited boycott terms or conditions.
The TRA does not "prohibit" conduct, but denies tax benefits ("penalizes") for certain types of boycott-related agreements.
What must be reported?
The EAR requires U.S. persons to report quarterly requests they have received to take certain actions to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.[196]
The TRA requires taxpayers to report "operations" in, with, or related to a boycotting country or its nationals and requests received to participate in or cooperate with an international boycott. The Treasury Department publishes a quarterly list of "boycotting countries."
Penalties
The Export Administration Act (EAA) specifies penalties for violations of the Antiboycott Regulations as well as export control violations. These can include:
Criminal
The penalties imposed for each "knowing" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000, or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years. During periods when the EAR are continued in effect by an Executive Order, issued pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the criminal penalties for each "willful" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000 and imprisonment for up to ten years.[196]
Administrative
For each violation of the EAR, any or all of the following may be imposed:

General denial of export privileges;
The imposition of fines of up to $11,000 per violation; and/or
Exclusion from practice.

Boycott agreements under the TRA involve the denial of all or part of the foreign tax benefits discussed above.
When the EAA is in lapse, penalties for violation of the Antiboycott Regulations are governed by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The IEEPA Enhancement Act provides for penalties of up to the greater of $250,000 per violation, or twice the value of the transaction for administrative violations of Antiboycott Regulations, and up to $1 million and 20 years imprisonment per violation for criminal anti-boycott violations.[196]
Israeli government response
Main article: Law for Prevention of Damage to State of Israel through Boycott
On 11 July 2011, the Israeli Knesset passed a law that makes the call for a boycott on Israel or Israeli settlements a civil wrong. 47 members of the Knesset voted in favour and 38 against.[198] The law primarily allows[199][200] targets of announced boycotts to persons and organisations that promote them, without having to first prove they were harmed by the boycott. The law also allows the Israeli government to deny contracts and withdraw financial support to those who promote boycotts. The law does not create any criminal offences or criminal sanctions.[201]
The law was heavily criticized in Israel by both left-wing and Arab political parties. Israeli leftist and human rights organizations also criticized the law, and launched a public campaign against it.[202] Prior to the law's approval, four Israeli human rights groups sent letters to Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin, Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, demanding a halt in the approval process of the law. After the law was passed, the far-left Gush Shalom movement petitioned the Supreme Court, claiming that the law violated basic democratic principles. The Supreme Court has given the Israeli government 60 days to respond.[needs update] Thirty-four law professors signed a petition against the law to be forwarded to Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.[203][204]
During an address to the Knesset, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected criticism over his failure to attend the boycott law vote, and stressed that he had in fact approved the bill. He also criticized Kadima party members who initially supported the bill and later opposed its final version, accusing them of folding to pressure.[205]
Australian government response
Though Israeli chocolate company Max Brenner is targeted by some Australian Palestinian activists, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs and former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said, "I don't think in 21st-century Australia there is a place for the attempted boycott of a Jewish business."[206]
Senior figures in the Australian Labor Party linked action against the Australian Greens at a state conference, where the Greens were denied automatic preferences, to the Greens' previous support for the BDS movement. Former New South Wales treasurer and Australian Labor Party general secretary Eric Roozendaal and fellow Legislative Councillor Walt Secord, stated, "The Greens will carry forever the stain of their support for the BDS campaign and their attempts to delegitimise Israel and the Jewish community—and this is one of the reasons why we must stand strong against the Greens."[207]
In April 2013, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that the "campaign does not serve the cause of peace and diplomacy for agreement on a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine", and added that Australia has always had firm opposition to the BDS movement.[208] Representing the Coalition prior to the 2013 federal election, Liberal Party deputy leader Julie Bishop reaffirmed Gillard's stance by promising to cut off federal grants for individuals and institutions who support the BDS campaign. On 29 May 2013, Jewish Australian academics Andrew Benjamin, Michele Grossman and David Goodman condemned the Coalition's election promise as "an anti-democratic gesture par excellence".[209]
French supreme court verdict
On 22 May 2012, the Cour de Cassation (one of the French final appeals courts) ruled that publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes incitement and discrimination based on nationality. The verdict by the Cour de Cassation was the final verdict in a lengthy legal battle, which consisted of a series of convictions, acquittals, and appeals.[164] French lawyer Michael Ghnassia wrote that the ban on publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products does not violate freedom of speech because such boycotts affect all Israelis, and is therefore "based on a racial, religious or national criterion and rather than representing a simple opinion, is a discriminatory action".[210]
United Kingdom
A UK court dismissed in 2013 claims that the University and College Union was institutionally anti-Semitic due to motions it had passed in favour of a boycott of Israel. The judgement, by an employment tribunal, was strongly critical of the claims, referring to them as "an impermissible attempt to achieve a political end by litigious means" and displaying a "worrying disregard for pluralism, tolerance and freedom of expression".[211]
In 2017 a UK Administrative Court ruled the British government had acted unlawfully in implementing regulations that sought to limit divestment campaigns against Israeli companies.[212]
See also


Israel portal





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boycotts of Israel.



Buycott
Constructive engagement
Criticism of Israel
Israeli passport

References


^ Robert S. Wistrich. "From Blood Libel to Boycott: Changing faces of British Anti-Semitism". Hebrew University of Jerusalem: 14. Boycotts against Jews arouse painful associations. Attempts to remove Israeli products from Selfridges, Harrods, Tesco, Marks & Spencer, and other British chains, under the slogan "Isolate the Racist Zionist State", have been both a symptom and a rallying point for the resurgence of antisemitism in Britain. 
^ Mitchell G. Bard; Jeff Dawson (Fall 2012). "Israel and the Campus: The Real Story" (PDF). AICE. Retrieved 27 October 2013. 
^ William J. Miller. "Arab Boycott". World Encyclopedia of Law. 
^ Turck, Nancy (April 1977). "The Arab Boycott of Israel". Foreign Affairs. Council on Foreign Relations. 55 (3): 472–493. JSTOR 20039682. doi:10.2307/20039682. 
^ a b c Joyce Shems Sharon (May 2003). "The Arab Boycott Against Israel and Its Unintended Impact on Arab Economic Welfare". Tufts University. 
^ a b  This article incorporates public domain material from the Congressional Research Service document "Arab League Boycott of Israel.".
^ "85% of Palestinians are interested in cooperation with Israel". Globes. 5 September 2011. Archived from the original on 19 October 2013. 
^ "Palestinians Working In Israel | Wafa Palestinian News Source". Wafa. 23 November 2011. Archived from the original on 4 May 2015. 
^ Kalman, Matthew (20 January 2014). "Palestinians Divided Over Boycott of Israeli Universities". International New York Times. 
^ Amit, Eytan (22 December 2005). "Norway: Parliament shuns Israeli products". Ynetnews. 
^ CUPE Ontario delegates support campaign against Israeli "apartheid wall". Background on Resolution #50 Archived 15 June 2006 at the Wayback Machine. (CUPE Ontario)
^ CUPE in Ontario votes to boycott Israel (CBC News) 27 May 2006
^ "Labour pains over Israel" by Jay Teitel (Maclean's Canada) 13 June 2006
^ "South African union joins boycott of Israel" by Ronen Bodoni (Ynetnews) 8 June 2006
^ "United Churches in Toronto to endorse boycott of Israel", National Post, 28 June 2006
^ Hilary Leila Krieger (21 August 2006). "Canadian church group drops anti-Israel divestment program". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "United Church of Canada approves Israeli settlement boycott". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 18 August 2012. 
^ Statement from Lord Carey Archived 6 December 2006 at the Wayback Machine., 19 April 2006, hosted on the Anglicans for Israel website
^ Conger, George (15 April 2007). "UK reporters union to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
Brook, Stephen (13 April 2007). "NUJ votes to boycott Israeli goods". The Guardian. 
^ "Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign". Cosmos.ucc.ie. 29 May 2008. Archived from the original on 23 August 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Britain confirms its anti-settlement push, The Jewish Chronicle, 13 November 2008
^ a b c Coren, Ora (19 November 2008). "Israel Worried That U.K. Pressure Will Harm Exports to Europe". Haaretz. 
^ Liphshiz, Cnaan (1 February 2009). "Belgium to stop exporting 'arms that bolster the IDF' to Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Watt, Nicholas (22 December 2001). "Selfridges bans sale of goods from occupied territories". The Guardian. 
^ Implementation of EC/Israel Trade Agreement – House of Commons, European Legislation, Thirty-First Report (1998)
^ Elgot, Jessica (27 September 2011). "Ahava ﬁnally closes its doors in London". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 30 December 2011. 
^ "Trade unionists launch boycott of Israeli goods (Belfast Telegraph, 10 February 2009)". The Belfast Telegraph. 10 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ British trade unions to boycott Israeli goods[permanent dead link] (The Jerusalem Post)
^ "students at Sussex University vote to boycott Israeli goods". San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. 31 October 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Dock workers to boycott Israeli ship". Mail & Guardian. 3 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Boycott targets settlement products (Al Jazeera, 19 November 2009)". Al Jazeera. 19 November 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Frykberg, Mel (20 May 2010). "Palestinian Economic Boycott Hits Israeli Settlers". Inter Press Service. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yediot reports on damage to settlement industry caused by targeted boycott". Coteret. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010link to Hebrew original in Yediot Achoronot 
^ "Sweden to launch weeklong boycott on Israeli ships (Ynet News, 5 June 2010)". Ynetnews. 20 June 1995. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Port Union Boycotts Israeli Ships (indymedia-letzebuerg, 14 June 2010)". Indymedia-letzebuerg.net. 14 June 2010. Archived from the original on 23 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Maher, Sean; Elizabeth Nardi (21 June 2010). "Protesters prevent unloading of Israeli ship at Port of Oakland". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Taylor, Jerome (30 June 2010). "Methodists launch boycott over West Bank". The Independent. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Mozgovaya, Natasha (21 July 2010). "Food co-op in Rachel Corrie's hometown boycotts Israeli goods". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Statement on Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territoryn (World Council of Chirches, 2.09.2009)". World Council of Churches. Archived from the original on 5 April 2012. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Canada store owner defeats anti-Israel boycotters, Ynetnews
^ Semple, Kirk; Kuntzman, Gersh (27 March 2012). "Food Co-op Rejects Effort to Boycott Israeli-Made Products". The New York Times. Retrieved 16 July 2012. 
^ UK supermarket shuns Israeli-settlement goods (Al Jazeera, 29 April 2012)
^ McVeigh, Tracy; Harriet Sherwood (29 April 2012). "Co-op boycotts exports from Israel's West Bank settlements". The Guardian. 
^ British trade union to ban member visits to Israel (The Jerusalem Post, 8 June 2013)
^ Netanyahu and Livni Speak to EU Leaders on Boycott (Arutz Sheva, 18 July 2013)
^ Experts: EU Yesha Policy Could Lead to 'Legal Morass' (Arutz Sheva, 19 July 2013)
^ Dutch supermarkets ban settlement products (The Times of Israel, 22 July 2013)
^ Scarlett Johansson row has boosted Israeli settlement boycott, say activists (The Guardian, 6 February 2014)
^ "NUI Galway Students' Union Election Results 2014". 
^ Jackson, Willy (1 September 2009). "Economic retaliation against Tel Aviv". Le Monde diplomatique English Edition. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Gov't Pension Fund exits Elbit Systems: The fund sold its holding because of Elbit Systems' role in Israel's security". TradingMarkets.com. 3 September 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [dead link]
^ "Three companies excluded from the Government Pension Fund Global" (Press release). Ministry of Finance. 23 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Norway's oil fund can reinvest in Africa Israel Investments, Danya Cebus Reuters, OSLO, Wed 21 August 2013
^ a b Norway's sovereign wealth fund joins exodus from Israel (Financial Times, 2 February 2014)(subscription required)
^ German company pulls out of Israel rail project because it cuts through West Bank (The Washington Post, Associated Press, 9 May 2011)
^ Caterpillar cut from social index over Israel (Al Jazeera, 27 June 2012)
^ Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash. Jewish Leaders Condemn Move by Presbyterian Church by Alan Cooperman (Washington Post; Page A08) 29 September 2004
^ Kaleem, Jaweed (6 July 2012). "Presbyterians Reject Divestment Related To Israeli-Palestinian Conflict". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Presbyterians Vote to Divest Holdings to Pressure Israel (The New York Times, 20 June 2014)
^ New Zealand Superannuation Fund excludes three companies on responsible investment grounds (New Zealand Superannuation Fund, 12 December 2012)
^ Ravid, Barak (1 February 2014). "Denmark's largest bank blacklists Israel's Hapoalim over settlement construction". Haaretz. 
^ Israel's SodaStream leaves West Bank (Financial Times, 10 September 2015) "SodaStream, the Israeli maker of home fizzy drink dispensers, will next week cease production at its factory near the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim after being pressured by campaigners around the world for doing business on occupied Palestinian land."(subscription required)
^ Benjamin Joffe-Walt (30 May 2006). "Lecturers back boycott of Israeli academics". The Guardian. London. 
^ Traubmann, Tamara (12 June 2006). "British academic boycott expires after teaching unions merge". Haaretz. 
^ "Spain contest bans Israeli team affiliated with West Bank college". Haaretz. Associated Press. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ NTNU says no to academic boycott of Israel. Press release. Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 12 November 2009
^ Ahren, Raphael (29 January 2009). "For first time, U.S. professors call for academic and cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 
^ "Over 500 academics endorse boycott of Israel". Arab News. WVNS. 20 September 2010. 
^ University of Johannesburg votes to sever ties with BGU (The Jerusalem Post, 24 March 2011)
^ Kalman, Matthew (25 March 2011). "U. of Johannesburg Official: 'UJ Is Not Part of an Academic Boycott of Israel'". The Chronicle of Higher Education. 
^ Harris, Ben (5 January 2012). "Penn distances itself from BDS conference". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 
^ Academic Boycott of Israel Called by Irish Teachers Union (Rabble, 4 April 2013)
^ a b Booth, Robert; Harriet Sherwood (10 May 2013). "Noam Chomsky helped lobby Stephen Hawking to stage Israel boycott". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Sherwood, Harriet; Matthew Kalman (8 May 2013). "Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 8 May 2013. 
^ "Stephen Hawking Makes a Peaceful Protest". Boston Globe. 11 May 2013. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Brian Martin (14 May 2013). "Academics and activism: Stephen Hawking and the Israel boycott". The Conversation Australia. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Council Resolution on Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". 
^ "Council Statement on the Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". American Studies Association. 4 December 2013. 
^ "92 universities reject academic boycott of Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 1 January 2014. 
^ 500 Mideast scholars call for academic embargo of Israeli institutions (The Jerusalem Post, 3 October 2014
^ "More than 500 anthropologists join academic boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 5 October 2014. 
^ Italian scholars boycott Israeli academic institutions (Al Jazeera, January 30, 2016)
Italian academics call for boycott of Israeli universities (Ynet, January 29, 2016)
^ "Spain imposes arms embargo on Israel". Janes. 4 August 2014. 
^ Ravid, Barak (5 August 2014). "Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op". Haaretz. 
^ "World outrage grows as Israel pursues 'quiet and security'". Guardian weekly. 8–14 August 2014. 
^ Spain halts arms exports to Israel over Gaza war Archived 11 August 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (PressTV, 9 August 2014)
^ "UK ready to suspend arms exports to Israel". Financial Times. 12 August 2014. (subscription required)
^ Higgins, Charlotte (15 December 2006). "John Berger rallies artists for cultural boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. 
^ Mariof (21 November 2007). "Boycott, désinvestissement et sanctions - Israël sous pression". Intal.be. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Pinto, Goel (27 August 2006). "British director Ken Loach backs Palestinian call for boycott on Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 16 July 2017. 
^ Lettre de remerciement, July 2008, July 2008
^ "Roger Waters voices support for Israel boycott". Haaretz. 6 March 2011. 
^ Music moguls to artists: Don't boycott Israel
^ Traubman, Tamara (24 September 2006). "Irish lecturers call on EU to boycott Israeli universities". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 28 April 2007. 
^ Israeli offensive in Gaza, 23 January 2009
^ "150 Irish artists pledge to boycott Israel (Irish Times, 13 August 2010)". The Irish Times. 13 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "ujfp, 19 07 09". Ujfp.org. 19 July 2009. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yet Another Artist Cancels a Show in Israel". Palestine News Network. Archived from the original on 14 August 2014. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Artists' Boycott Strikes a Dissonant Note Inside Israel. The New York Times
^ Shechnik, Raz (2 February 2010). "Santana canceled concert because of anti-Israel pressure". Ynetnews. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Elvis Costello's statement on his own website, 2010
^ Dodd, Vikram; Rory McCarthy in Jerusalem (18 May 2010). "Elvis Costello cancels concerts in Israel in protest at treatment of Palestinians". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Tel Aviv Israel Concert Canceled by Gil Scott Heron". Salem, Ore.: Salem-news.com. World View News Service. 26 April 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Annie Lennox: I Have No Interest in Going to Israel". Haaretz. 11 October 2010. 
^ "Bands cancel performance in Israel following raid on Gaza-bound ships (GulfNews, 4 June 2010)". Gulf News. 4 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "U.K. musicians Leftfield cancelled their Israel show due to 'production problems'". Haaretz. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Ilham Rawoot, Why Faithless are giving Israel a miss Mail & Guardian, South Africa, February 2011
^ "English rock band Tindersticks cancels TA concert". The Jerusalem Post. 24 November 2010. 
^ Interview of Naja of Massive Attack, September 2010
^ "'Pixies' cancel Tel-Aviv show". The Jerusalem Post. 6 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ White, Michael (2 June 2010). "Gaza flotilla attack: there are shades of grey on both sides". The Guardian. London. 
^ Banks, Iain (2 June 2010). "Small step towards a boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London.  (letter to the editor)
^ The Huffington Post, 2010
^ "500 Artists Against Israeli Apartheid". Tadamon.ca. 25 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "500 artistes montréalais s'engagent contre l'apartheid israélien". Le Journal des Alternatives (in French). 24 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Norvegian artists for BDS[permanent dead link]
^ Levinson, Chaim; Or Kashti (31 August 2010). "150 Academics, Artists Back Actors' Boycott of Settlement Arts Center". Haaretz. 
^ Abramovitch, Matan (16 January 2011). "Did Pop Star Paradis Cancel Israel Concert Over Politics?". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Israel Infos, 2011
^ Natacha Atlas announces Israel boycott. 2011
^ The Times, South Africa, 2011
^ "Int'l artists cancel Eilat performances - Israel Culture". Ynetnews. 21 August 2011. Retrieved 20 October 2013. 
^ Africa's Gateway, South Africa, September 2011
^ PACBI translates and reproduces Martha Frintzila's statement from her website, 2011
^ Indymedia, December 2011 Archived 17 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Liberation, France, 2011
^ BDS Switzerland Archived 11 January 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Rana Siddiqui Zaman, Indian artists to boycott major show in Israel, The Hindu, New Delhi, 2 August 2011
^ AMARC statement Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine., PDF file, 2011
^ Tunisian Athlete Refuses to Play against Israeli Archived 23 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (WAFA, 11 October 2011)
^ "Iranian chess master expelled for refusing to play Israeli". The Jerusalem Post. 27 October 2008. 
^ "Stevie Wonder cancels Israel fundraiser concert". BBC News. 2 December 2012. 
^ Stevie Wonder pulls out of Israel fundraiser after boycott pressure (The Jewish Chronicle, 30 November 2012)
^ "Stevie Wonder to Pull Out of IDF Fundraiser". Haaretz. JTA. 29 November 2012. 
^ "Bandboikott av Kapittel" [Band Boycott of Chapter]. Stavanger Aftenblad (in Norwegian). 16 September 2013. 
^ "Når kunst kommer til kort" [When art comes up short] (in Norwegian). NRK. 
^ "Danny Glover calls for cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. JTA. 13 May 2014. Archived from the original on 1 June 2014. 
^ Seven hundred artists have just announced a 'cultural boycott' of Israel (The Independent, 14 February 2015)
^ Letter: Over 100 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel (The Guardian, 13 February 2015)
^ The Jewish Chronicle. 24 August 2001. Front page.
^ MacAskill, Ewen (Diplomatic editor), The Guardian 5 February 2004.
^ Israel: Time to Divest. Desmond Tutu, New Internationalist magazine, January–February 2003
^ DN: "Sluta att köpa israeliska varor" Archived 19 March 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Baker, Mona (20 January 2003). "Palestine Chronicle: Swedish Public Figures Urge Israeli Boycott". Monabaker.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Episcopal News Service: Head of Swedish church's support for boycott of Israeli products stirs debate". Episcopal Church. 29 January 2003. Archived from the original on 17 January 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Growing outrage at the killings in Gaza". The Guardian. 15 January 2009. , archived at "UK Academics Write to the Guardian: 'Israel Must Lose'". Engage. 16 January 2009. Archived from the original on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b c Paul McCartney promises Israel gig will go ahead despite death threats The Guardian, 16 September 2008
^ "UK's Jewish MP calls it Nazi-like operation". Agence France-Presse. 16 January 2008. Retrieved 16 January 2008. 
^ US Academic Boycott of Israel
^ Economic boycott of Israel?
^ a b Finkelstein disowns 'silly' Israel boycott |work=The Jewish Chronicle
^ Chomsky backs tactics opposing Israeli policies The Australian 15 December 2012
^ McGreal, Chris (28 November 2012). "Nobel peace laureates call for Israel military boycott over Gaza assault". The Guardian. 
^ "ADL 12 August 2005". Anti-Defamation League. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "(dead link article)". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 June 2006. [dead link]
^ Cooperman, Alan (29 September 2004). "Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash". The Washington Post. Retrieved 22 July 2008. 
^ "Gush Shalom FAQs" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 March 2012. Retrieved 24 September 2011. 
^ ADL Slams British Academic Boycott Policy Archived 25 September 2012 at the Wayback Machine., Anti-Defamation League, 26 May 2006. Retrieved 16 May 2008.
^ Lecturers call for Israel boycott, BBC, 30 May 2006. Retrieved 16 September 2006.
^ Traubmann, Tamara; Benjamin Joffe-Walt (20 June 2006). "Israeli university boycott: how a campaign backfired". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 September 2006. 
^ Editorial, The New York Sun, 6 May 2005. Facing Up to the AUT
^ Anthony Julius and Alan Dershowitz in The Times Online 13 June 2007 [1]
^ "The Left's 'anti-Semitism' can't go unchallenged". Times Higher Education. 2 June 2006. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b Martino, Peter (12 July 2012). "France Penalizes Boycott of Israeli Products". The Jewish Press. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Le boycott d'Israël validé par la Cour de cassation (Politis, 21 novembre 2013) "La chambre criminelle de la Cour de cassation a confirmé mardi la légalité de la campagne de boycott des produits d'Israël"
^ "Boycotting Israel: New pariah on the block". The Economist. 13 September 2007. 
^ Steinberg, Gerald; Jason Edelstein (6 November 2010). "Turning the tables on BDS". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Israel Apartheid Week, and efforts to combat it, begin
^ Lydon, John (20 July 2010). "Lydon Slams Critics Over Israel Show". Contactmusic.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Consensus Seen Taking Shape On Boycotts
^ a b Cape Town Opera to go on Israel tour
^ Cape Town Opera's Tour to Israel Archived 5 June 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Kiss Lead Singer Gene Simmons Slams Israel Boycotters". Haaretz. Associated Press. 22 March 2011. 
^ a b c "Israel boycotters target authors, artists". Ynetnews. 5 March 2011. Retrieved 23 March 2011. 
^ Kling, Amit (15 May 2011). "Coen Brothers: Boycotting Israel Is a Mistake". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Real satisfaction: Rolling Stones choose Israel over BDS boycott, Fox News 1 April 2014
^ The Rolling Stones in Israel: It's only rock 'n roll, but we loved it, The Times of Israel 5 June 2014
^ "Alicia Keys to Go Forward With Israel Concert, Despite Pressure From BDS Movement". Haaretz. 31 May 2013. 
^ Miller, Sara (29 July 2013). "My, my, my. Tom Jones said to be coming to Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "Eric Burdon from Band The Animals To Play in Israel". The Forward. JTA. 29 July 2013. 
^ Harkov, Lahav (4 October 2015). "Bon Jovi helps Israelis 'Keep the Faith' with empowering songs on a difficult night". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Coorsh, Karolyn (20 July 2011). "Reggae star Ziggy Marley rejects calls to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Sailing with the 'Riverdance' of life. 09.13.11
^ Pro-Palestinian leader condemns violence at Brenner boycott
^ A Conversation with Noam Chomsky on Palestine/Israel
^ "Chomsky says BDS tactics won't work, may be harmful to Palestinians". The Jerusalem Post. 3 July 2014. 
^ Palestinian consul rejects BDS violence
^ Madonna Kicks Off 'MDNA' Tour in Tel Aviv
^ Hasson, Nir (31 May 2012). "Israeli Left-wing NGOs Split on Accepting Madonna's Invite to Tel Aviv Show". Haaretz. 
^ Israel is new South Africa as boycott calls increase (The Independent, 3 June 2012)
^ End the Arab Boycott of Israel
^ "Scarlett Johansson loses role as Oxfam ambassador over Super Bowl SodaStream ad which breaches charity's Israeli boycott". Daily Mail. 30 January 2014. 
^ "J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter author, comes out against BDS movement". The Jerusalem Post. 22 October 2015. 
^ Israel needs cultural bridges, not boycotts – letter from 149 opponents of a cultural boycott of Israel including JK Rowling and Simon Schama (The Guardian, 22 October 2015)
^ Sherwood, Harriet (22 October 2015). "Star authors call for Israeli-Palestinian dialogue rather than boycotts". The Guardian. 
^ a b c d Weiss, Martin A. (5 March 2013). "Arab League Boycott of Israel" (PDF). Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ "Restrictive Trade Practices - Antiboycott Compliance". Brown University. Archived from the original on 12 December 2013. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ Azulay, Moran (11 July 2011). "Knesset votes in favor of 'boycott bill'". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (7 March 2011). "Bill to punish anti-Israel boycotters passes first Knesset hurdle". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (11 July 2011). "Israel passes law banning calls for boycott". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ ספר החוקים (PDF) (in Hebrew). Nevo.co.il. 13 July 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Lis, Jonathan; Tomer Zarchin. "Israeli Left launches public campaign against new law banning boycotts". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Boycott Law may backfire on Israel". RT. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Rights groups to appeal 'Boycott Law' at High Court". The Jerusalem Post. 12 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Azulay, Moran (13 July 2011). "Netanyahu: I approved the Boycott Law". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Australian lawmakers support Israeli business". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Kerr, Christian (17 July 2012). "Support for boycotts on Israel backfired". The Australian. Retrieved 17 July 2012. 
^ Julia Gillard denounces activists as anti-Israel protest turns anti-Semitic
^ Higgins, Ean (29 May 2013). "In a democracy freedom of expression had to allow a capacity for dissent". The Australian. Retrieved 29 May 2013. 
^ Ghnassia, Michaël (23 March 2012). "Boycotter les produits d'Israël ? Non, ce n'est pas de la 'liberté d'expression'". Le Nouvel Observateur. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Tribunal slams academic for bringing anti-Semitism case (The Times Higher Education, 27 March 2013)
^ Government suffers defeat in court by Palestine campaigners over boycott, divestment and sanctions (Palestine Solidarity Campaign, JUNE 22, 2017)





Wikisource has original text related to this article:
Palestinian civil society calls for boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boycotts_of_Israel&oldid=792061670"					
Categories: Boycotts of IsraelZionismHuman rights in IsraelHuman rights in the Palestinian territoriesHidden categories: Wikipedia articles incorporating text from the Congressional Research ServiceWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2015Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 French-language sources (fr)Articles with dead external links from November 2016CS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)CS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)Wikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionArticles needing additional references from November 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles lacking reliable references from November 2011All articles lacking reliable referencesUse dmy dates from November 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017Articles lacking reliable references from March 2016Articles with too many examplesArticles with unsourced statements from April 2011Articles with attributed pull quotesWikipedia articles in need of updating from July 2013All Wikipedia articles in need of updating 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةفارسیFrançaisBahasa Indonesiaעברית 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Boycotts of Israel - Wikipedia



















 







Boycotts of Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (November 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







Some of this article's listed sources may not be reliable. Please help this article by looking for better, more reliable sources. Unreliable citations may be challenged or deleted. (November 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Boycotts of Israel are a systematic practice of avoiding economic, political and cultural ties with the State of Israel, with individual Israelis or with Israeli-based companies or organizations.[1] Boycott campaigns are used by those who oppose Israel's existence,[citation needed] or oppose Israel's policies or actions over the course of the Arab–Israeli conflict, in order to not show support for Israel in general, or the Israeli economy or military in particular.
Boycotts have been enacted or proposed around the world. These boycotts comprise economic measures such as divestment; a consumer boycotts of Israeli products or businesses that operate in Israel; and academic boycotts of Israeli universities. Some advocates of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) campaign use the 1980s movement against South African apartheid as a model. This is due to the fact that boycotters consider Israel's treatment of the Palestinians and its Arab minority as similar to the system of Apartheid in South Africa.[2]



Contents


1 History
2 Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
3 List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts

3.1 Disinvestments


4 Academic boycotts
5 Arms embargoes
6 Artistic boycotts
7 Reception
8 United States government response

8.1 What do the laws prohibit?
8.2 What must be reported?
8.3 Penalties

8.3.1 Criminal
8.3.2 Administrative




9 Israeli government response
10 Australian government response
11 French supreme court verdict
12 United Kingdom
13 See also
14 References



History
In Mandatory Palestine (1920–1948), anti-Zionist boycotts of Jewish-owned businesses were a tool employed by Arab leadership in an attempt to damage the Jewish population of Palestine economically, especially during periods of communal strife between Jews and Arabs. The most severe attempt to boycott Jewish businesses was undertaken by the Arab Higher Committee, headed by Haj Amin al-Husayni in 1936, beginning the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine.
An official organized boycott was adopted by the Arab League in December 1945, before the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,[3] and was continued and intensified after. The Arab League boycott of Israel is an effort by Arab League member states to isolate Israel economically to prevent Arab states and discourage non-Arabs from providing support to Israel and adding to Israel's economic and military strength.[4]
Originally, the Arab boycott had a moderate negative impact on Israel's economy and development. Inevitably the economies of participating Arab nations also suffered as the result of a deterioration in the foreign direct investment climate in the Arab world, and reduction in the volume of trade. Whether or not the Arab nations in question were aware of the potential risks to their own economies is still unknown. There is still debate as to whether they, in unison, viewed the economic sanctions as a necessary sacrifice to slow the development of the newly declared Israeli state, on land previously belonging to and under the control of Arab nations.[5][unreliable source]
Egypt (1979), the Palestinian Authority (1993), and Jordan (1994) signed peace treaties or agreements that ended their participation in the boycott of Israel. Mauritania, which never applied the boycott, established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia do not enforce the boycott.[6]
In 1994, following the Oslo Peace Accords, the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf (GCC) states, ended their participation in the Arab boycott against Israel,[5] and stated that total elimination of the boycott is a necessary step for peace and economic development in the region.[6] In present days, the Arab boycott is rarely applied. The move prompted a surge of investment in Israel, and resulted in the initiation of joint cooperation projects between Israel and Arab countries.[5][unreliable source]
Palestinian positions on BDS against Israel
Main article: Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions
In 2005, on the one year anniversary of the International Court of Justice's ruling on the legality of Israeli West Bank barrier, Palestinian NGOs and labor unions issued a call for boycott, divestment and sanctions targeted at Israel with the stated goals that:

These non-violent punitive measures should be maintained until Israel meets its obligation to recognize the Palestinian people's inalienable right to self-determination and fully complies with the precepts of international law by:

Ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the Wall;
Recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality; and
Respecting, protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their homes and properties as stipulated in UN resolution 194.


According to a survey by Geocartography Knowledge, 85% of Palestinian residents in the West Bank are interested in cooperation with Israel.[7] The PLO, its branches, Palestinian businesses and universities cooperate with Israel daily. According to the head of the Federation of Trade Unions of Palestine, Shaher Saad, in 2011 the number of Palestinians employed in Israeli settlements increased significantly to around 31,000 due to the high rate of unemployment and poverty, and that about 70,000 worked in Israel proper.[8] Sari Nusseibeh, president of Al-Quds University, opposed a boycott of Israeli universities in 2014; other Palestinian academics also told the New York Times they oppose cutting ties to Israeli universities, however opinions of academics were split, with at least some of those who favour BDS noting they were unsure if BDS will have any effect.[9]
List of disinvestment campaigns and product boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


Main article: Disinvestment from Israel




A sign on the front door of a Palestinian house: "I have a clear conscience, do you? This home is free of products produced in [Israeli] Settlements."






Protest against Israel's Gaza Blockade and raid on Mavi Marmara – Melbourne 5 June 2010.






Members of the Neturei Karta Orthodox Jewish group protest against the Israeli occupation of Palestine.






Protests calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in Tanzania.






Protests in Ireland against Israeli bombings and air strikes in the occupied Palestinian territories.






Supporters of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement in Berlin, Germany calling for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestine following Israeli military bombings in Gaza.






Protest in Bratislava, Slovakia following the 2009 bombings of Gaza.



In December 2005, the Sør-Trøndelag regional council of Norway passed a motion calling for a comprehensive boycott of Israeli goods. The council acted as a result of lobbying by Norwegian activists, who had launched a national "Boycott Israel" campaign in June 2005.[10]
In May 2006, the Ontario section of the Canadian Union of Public Employees approved a resolution to "support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel until that state recognizes the Palestinian right to self-determination" and to protest the Israeli West Bank barrier.[11][12][13]
The Congress of South African Trade Unions published a letter expressing their support for the CUPE boycott of Israel.[14]
The Toronto assembly of the United Church of Canada (UCC) supports CUPE's boycott. In 2003, the Toronto assembly voted to boycott goods produced by Jewish settlements in the occupied territories.[15] The national umbrella UCC declined to support a boycott at the time. In August 2012 the General Council of the United Church of Canada approved a recommendation to boycott products in Israeli settlements located within occupied Palestinian territory.[16][17]
The Church of England synod has voted for disinvestment from Israel, which was criticised by George Carey, the former Archbishop of Canterbury as "inappropriate, offensive and highly damaging".[18]
Britain's National Union of Journalists called for a boycott on 14 April 2007. By a vote of 66 to 54, the annual delegate's meeting of Britain's largest trade union for journalists called for "a boycott of Israeli goods similar to those boycotts in the struggles against apartheid South Africa led by trade unions, and [for] the [Trades Union Congress] to demand sanctions be imposed on Israel by the British government".[19]
At its biennial delegate conference held in May 2008, IMPACT (the Irish Municipal, Public and Civil Trade Union), Ireland's largest public sector and services trade union, passed two resolutions criticising Israeli suppression of the Palestinians and endorsing a boycott of Israeli goods and services. The motions also supported divestment from those corporations engaged in or profiting from the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza.[20]
In November 2008 the United Kingdom initiated measures to label products produced in Israeli settlements:


The Foreign Office has confirmed that Britain's initiative against Israeli exports originating in the West Bank is merely the opening shot in a wider campaign it is waging against the settlements. [...] The FO [foreign office] reiterated its view that "the settlements are illegal.... Practical steps ... include ensuring that goods from the settlements do not enter the UK without paying the proper duties and ensuring that goods are properly labelled."[21]


Sources near the talks say the United Kingdom is accusing some Israeli companies of fraud: Their labeling indicates that they manufacture in Israel, but their plants are in the territories.[22]


Based on experience, there are concerns in Israel that the discussion on exports from the territories will affect all Israeli exports to Europe. Roughly that happened four years ago, after Israel rejected European demands to specifically label products produced outside the pre-1967 war borders.[22]


Tzipi Livni protested: It appears to be the fruits of long efforts by a strong pro-Palestinian lobby that now spur the British into action. Nevertheless, the British insist that at British consumers want to know the source of the products that they purchase. [...] But the biggest fear in Israel is that the issue will spill beyond manufacturers in the territories, affecting all local exporters and all exports to the EU – as was the case the last time that the issue boiled to the surface.[22]


In February 2009 the Belgian government decided to stop exporting weapons to Israel that would bolster its military capabilities. Minister for Trade Patricia Ceysens said the decision followed a cabinet discussion concerning Israel's actions in Gaza. Belgian Foreign Minister Karel De Gucht added that "given the current circumstances, weapons cannot be shipped from Belgium to Israel".[23]





Protest by Code Pink against AHAVA in Los Angeles, California in July 2009.



In Britain, Ahava's cosmetic products sparked controversy because they are manufactured in the Israeli settlement of Mitzpe Shalem, located on the Dead Sea in the West Bank. The store chain Selfridges withdrew Ahava's products (among others) in December 2001 after a boycott campaign launched by pro-Palestinian groups,[24] but reinstated them a few weeks later.[citation needed] Critics argue that the products are labelled as having "Israeli origin" when, according to the European Union, goods originating in the West Bank or Gaza cannot be labelled as having Israeli origin because, "according to international public law, including the relevant UN Security Council Resolutions, these territories cannot be considered to be part of the State of Israel", and are not included in the EU-Israel Association Agreement.[25] The boycott of Ahava has also been endorsed by Code Pink, which argues that Ahava's use of Palestinian natural resources from the Dead Sea is, according to the Fourth Geneva Convention, a "patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit". Ahava's store in a fashionable street of London's West End closed in September 2011 after constant protests by pro-Palestinian activists. Owners of the surrounding stores complained to the landlord that the repeated protests were affecting their business. A pro-Israeli group also held fortnightly counter-demonstrations.[26]
The Irish Congress of Trade Unions (ICTU) launched a boycott of Israeli goods in February 2009 as a response to the Gaza War, arguing that "a sustained international effort was needed to secure a durable settlement".[27]
In September 2009, Britain's Trade Union Congress (TUC) endorsed an initiative to boycott products originating from the Israeli-occupied territories, stating "[to] increase the pressure for an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian Territories and removal of the separation wall and illegal settlements, we will support a boycott (...) of those goods and agricultural products that originate in illegal settlements – through developing an effective, targeted consumer-led boycott campaign working closely with Palestine Solidarity Campaign (PSC) – and campaign for disinvestment by companies associated with the occupation as well as engaged in building the separation wall." The Fire Brigade Union (FBU) as well as Britain's largest trade union, Unite, and the largest public sector union, Unison, called for a complete boycott of all Israeli products.[28] In October 2009, the University of Sussex Students' Union became the first in Britain to vote for a boycott of Israeli goods. Norman Finkelstein praised the move as "a victory, not for Palestinians but for truth and justice".[29]
In February 2009, dock workers in South Africa refused to unload an Israeli ship "as part of a refusal to support oppression and exploitation". The Congress of South African Trade Unions, COSATU, compared Israel to "dictatorial and oppressive" states such as Zimbabwe and Swaziland. COSATU also drew parallels to events in 1963, when dock workers across the globe began to boycott vessels from South Africa to protest its apartheid regime. The Western Australian members of the Maritime Union of Australia supported the move and called for a boycott of all Israeli vessels.[30]
In November 2009, the Palestinian Authority began encouraging a boycott of supermarket chains in the West Bank that carried products from Israeli settlements. According to Palestinian authorities, consumers were not aware that some of the products on sale at these outlets were produced in Israeli settlements, and it was felt that boycotting settlement products would improve demand for Palestinian produce. The authorities invoked existing legislation under which trading in goods originating in the settlements was illegal in the Palestinian territories.[31] The Palestinian boycott of settlement goods was widened in 2010, and it was reported that some businesses in the settlement of Maale Adumim had closed as a consequence.[32] In August 2010 the mayor of the settlement Ariel said that the Palestinian boycott of settlement goods "was causing great damage to factories in the area".[33]
As a response to an Israeli raid of a ship to the Gaza Strip, Swedish port workers decided to refuse processing Israeli ships for a period of one week in June 2010.[34] Similar boycotts in response to the Israeli raid were launched by port workers in Norway[35] and California.[36]
In June 2010, the British Methodist Church decided to begin boycotting products originating in Israeli settlements, becoming the first major Christian denomination in Britain to officially adopt such a policy. The boycott, which was seen as placing the Methodists on a collision course with Britain's Jewish minority, encourages also lay Methodists to follow the church's lead and boycott any products made on Jewish settlements on the West Bank.[37]
In July 2010, the Olympia food co-op in the State of Washington in the United States decided to stop selling products from Israel in its two grocery stores. A board member of the co-op said concerning the boycott that "any product that is made (...) to improve the conditions of the Palestinians will be exempted."[38]
The World Council of Churches called for a boycott in 2010 of products originating in Israeli settlements.[39]
In February 2012, Vancouverite Shani Bar-Oz's soap products store was being boycotted for carrying Israeli products, and "venomous protests" were staged outside her store, which included the shouting of anti-semitic slogans. However, according to the shop owner this resulted in "a huge wave of support and generated new business ... with new orders pouring in as result of the story".[40]
In March 2012, the Park Slope Food Co-op rejected a motion to boycott Israel, after months of heated debate. The final vote was 1,005-653. 1,600 members attended the meeting—larger than most meetings of the food co-op.[41]
In April 2012, the United Kingdom's Co-Operative Group said in a statement that it had decided to stop buying products from companies known to source from the settlements. The decision affects contracts valued at £350,000. The retailer had stopped selling goods originating from the settlements themselves in 2009. According to the group, it was still doing business with Israeli companies that are not connected with the settlements.[42][43]
In June 2013, major British trade union GMB decided to ban its members from visiting Israel and the Palestinian territories on delegations organized by the Trade Union Friends of Israel (TUFI). A spokesman for GMB said the union didn't want to be associated with an organization fighting a boycott of trade with illegal settlements in occupied territories.[44]
In July 2013, the European Union enacted a decision forbidding EU member states from cooperating with or transferring funds or giving scholarships and research grants to bodies in the West Bank, eastern Jerusalem, and the Golan Heights.[45][46]
In July 2013, two of the largest supermarket chains in the Netherlands removed from their shelves all products manufactured in Israeli settlements. A third chain, which had already de-stocked settlement goods, sought confirmation that goods it sold as "Made in Israel" didn't originate in the settlements. Dutch retailers were considering whether settlement goods should be labeled as such, or banned altogether.[47]
Throughout 2013 Israeli settlements in the Jordan Valley lost 14% of their income because supermarkets in the UK and Scandinavia were shunning their products.[48]
On 6 March 2014, student Students at the National University of Ireland Galway (NUI Galway) endorsed a resolution to support actively the BDS movement.[49]

Disinvestments




Caterpillar D9 armored bulldozer used by the Israel Defense Forces, often used demolishing Palestinian houses and properties.
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI



14 Belgian municipalities left the Franco-Belgian bank Dexia, which was financing Israeli settlements through its Israeli subsidiary.[50]
A Norwegian government pension fund sold its shares in Elbit Systems due to its role in building the West Bank barrier.[51]
The Norwegian government announced in August 2010 that based on advice from the Norwegian Council on Ethics, it had excluded two Israeli companies from a government pension fund. According to the government, the firms Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus were involved in developing settlements in occupied Palestinian territory, which is prohibited under the Fourth Geneva Convention.[52] However, in 2013, after a review of Africa-Israel's activities, the Norwegian government announced that they could now re-invest in Africa-Israel and Danya Cebus as they were no longer involved in the construction of settlements.[53] The ban was re-instated in 2014 after Norway's Council of Ethics received information Danya Cebus was in fact involved with the settlements.[54]
German rail company Deutsche Bahn decided in 2011 to withdraw from a project to build a rail link between Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, following pressure from German lawmakers. The decision was taken because the rail link cuts through the West Bank.[55]
Caterpillar Inc. was removed from three "socially responsible" stock indices by the American investment firm MSCI. MSCI cited Israel's use of Caterpillar bulldozers in the Palestinian territories as a key reason for its decision. MSCI also cited employee safety concerns, environmental issues and a plant closing in Canada.[56]
In July 2004, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (USA) (PCUSA) voted to initiate a process of selective divestment in businesses that it believes bear particular responsibility for the suffering of Palestinians, such as Caterpillar Inc.[57] In 2012 the church decided to reject divestment.[58] In 2014 the Presbyterians decided, by a vote of 310 to 303, to divest from Caterpillar, Hewlett-Packard and Motorola Solutions, which the church said supply Israel with equipment used in the occupation of Palestinian territory.[59]
In December 2012 the New Zealand superannuation fund, which invests money on behalf of the New Zealand Government, excluded two companies for involvement in Israeli settlements and one company for involvement in the West Bank Barrier. A spokesperson cited UN findings of illegality concerning both the Barrier and settlements as central to the decision to exclude the companies.[60]
In January 2014 the Dutch pension fund PGGM dumped its holdings in five Israeli banks allegedly involved in financing illegal settlements.[54]
In January 2014 Danish Danske Bank said Israeli Bank Hapoalim was acting against the rules of international humanitarian law by engaging in settlement construction, and that consequently Danske could not invest in it. Danske had already decided to pull its investments from Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus, for the same reason.[61]
In 2015, fizzy drink dispenser maker Sodastream ceased using its factory in the occupied West Bank following pressure by campaigners. Sodastream said the closure was not affected by the boycott campaign, but boycott campaigners described the move as a clear win for their movement.[62]

Academic boycotts
Main article: Academic boycotts of Israel
In 2006, two of Britain's lecturers' unions, the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education and the Association of University Teachers, voted to support an academic boycott against Israel.[63] The AUT ban was overturned by members at an Emergency General Meeting a few weeks later, while the NATFHE boycott expired when a merger with AUT to form the University and College Union came into effect.[64] In May 2007, the UCU congress passed Motion 30, which called on the members to circulate information and consider a boycott request by Palestinian trade unions.
In 2009, Spanish organizers of an international solar power design competition excluded a team from the Israeli Ariel University Center. The stated reason was that the Ariel university is located in the West Bank, a Spanish official was quoted saying, "Spain acted in line with European Union policy of opposing Israel's occupation of Palestinian land."[65]
On that year, the Norwegian University of Science and Technology rejected the academic boycott of Israel, stating that being able to cooperate with Israeli academics, and hearing their views on the conflict, is critical for studying of the causes of the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians and how it can be resolved.[66]
In 2007, nearly 300 university presidents across the United States signed a join statement denouncing the boycott movement. Following Operation Cast Lead in 2010, a group of 15 American university professors launched a campaign calling for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. In 2010 the US Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel (USACBI) announced it had collected 500 endorsements from US academics for an academic and cultural boycott of Israel. The endorsements were seen as a sign of changing US attitudes toward Israel in the wake of an Israeli raid on a humanitarian aid flotilla in the Mediterranean.[67][68]
In 2011 the University of Johannesburg decided to suspend ties with Israeli Ben-Gurion University, citing the University's support for the Israeli military. The decision was seen to affect projects in biotechnology and water purification.[69] However, two days later, Ihron Rensburg, vice chancellor and principal of the university issued a statement saying that "UJ is not part of an academic boycott of Israel...It has never been UJ's intention to sever all ties with BGU, although it may have been the intention of some UJ staff members."[70]
University of Pennsylvania President Amy Gutmann said in January 2012 that the university "has clearly stated on numerous occasions that it does not support sanctions or boycotts against Israel". She said that the school was not a sponsor of a BDS conference taking place on campus in February 2012.[71]
In 2013 the Teachers Union of Ireland passed a motion calling for an academic boycott of Israel. Jim Roche, who presented the motion, said "I am very pleased that this motion was passed with such support by TUI members (...) there is no question that Israel is implementing apartheid policies against the Palestinians." [72]
In May 2013, in what was seen as a major development,[73] Stephen Hawking joined the academic boycott of Israel by reversing his decision to participate in the Jerusalem-based Israeli Presidential Conference hosted by Israeli president Shimon Peres. Hawking approved a published statement from the British Committee for the Universities of Palestine that described his decision as independent, "based upon his knowledge of Palestine, and on the unanimous advice of his own academic contacts there".[74] Reactions to Hawking's boycott were mixed, some praised his boycott as a "peaceful protest" while others condemned his decision and accused him of anti-semitism.[75][76]
On 4 December 2013, the American Studies Association (ASA) endorsed a boycott of Israeli academic institutions in a resolution that stated "there is no effective or substantive academic freedom for Palestinian students and scholars under conditions of Israeli occupation, and Israeli institutions of higher learning are a party to Israeli state policies that violate human rights and negatively impact the working conditions of Palestinian scholars and students."[77] The election attracted the largest number of voters in the association history with 66.05% for, 30.5% against and 3.43% abstaining.[78] Over 92 universities rejected the boycott and some of them withdrew their membership in the ASA in protest of the boycott decision.[79]
In October 2014, 500 Middle East studies scholars and librarians issued a call for an academic boycott of Israel. According to the signatories, "world governments and mainstream media do not hold Israel accountable for its violations of international law. We, however, as a community of scholars engaged with the Middle East, have a moral responsibility to do so." [80]
In October 2014, 500 anthropologists endorsed an academic boycott of Israeli institutions seen as complicit in violations of Palestinians' rights. The signatories of the statement said, "as a community of scholars who study problems of power, oppression, and cultural hegemony, we have a moral responsibility to speak out and demand accountability from Israel and our own governments." [81]
In January 2016, 168 Italian academics and researchers published a call to boycott Israeli academic institutions. Israel's Institute of Technology, Technion, was singled out as a boycott target. "The Institute carries out research in a wide range of technologies and weapons used to oppress and attack Palestinians", said the call.[82]
Arms embargoes
In 2014, Spain froze arms and military technology exports to Israel over the Gaza war. The embargo stopped sales of defense and dual-use materiel from Spain to Israel.[83][84][85][86]
In 2014, in connection with the Gaza war, British government ministers said no new arms export licenses would be granted for sales to Israel until a formal peace is agreed. In case hostilities are to flare up, exports under existing licenses would reportedly be discontinued.[87]
Artistic boycotts





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


See also: Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel




Poet and human rights activist Remi Kanazi supporting BDS.



The cultural boycott of Israel originally received the support of famous artists such as musicians Roger Waters and Brian Eno,[88] writers Eduardo Galeano and Arundhati Roy,[89] filmmakers Ken Loach[90] and Jean-Luc Godard.[91] Waters has called artists to boycott Israel until Israel ends its occupation, grants full equality to Israeli Arabs and allows all Palestinian refugees right of return.[92]
Creative Community for Peace, founded in late 2011, is an organization made up of music executives, talent agents and entertainment lawyers that seeks to counter artist boycotts of Israel.[93]
In Ireland, support for boycotting Israel has been voiced since September 2006.[94] The Irish Times has published an open letter in January 2009[95] with 300 signatures, including deputies, senators, political leaders (including Gerry Adams and Tony Benn), union leaders, professors and artists. In August 2010, 150 Irish artists launched a cultural boycott of Israel, declaring that they would not perform or exhibit in Israel, "until such time as Israel complies with international law and universal principles of human rights". Organizers explained the boycott was motivated by what they saw as abuse of Palestinian human rights by Israel.[96]
The Yes Men[97] pulled out of a film festival in 2009 in Israel.
In 2010, American singer Devendra Banhart, and Irish singer Tommy Sands cancelled their shows in Israel as a response to Israeli policies.[98] That same year, Carlos Santana also cancelled a performance following pressure from groups critical of Israel. It was not clear whether it was for political reasons or due to scheduling problems.[99][100] Likewise, Elvis Costello called off planned gigs, citing what he called the "intimidation" and "humiliation" of Palestinians.[101][102] Jazz and spoken word artist Gil Scott-Heron canceled a planned performance in Tel Aviv in 2010, saying he "hated war".[103] Annie Lennox states again that she will no longer perform in Israel.[104]
That same year, British bands The Klaxons, Gorillaz Sound System,[105] Leftfield,[106] Faithless,[107] Tindersticks[108] and Massive Attack,[109] as well as the American band Pixies,[110] cancelled performances in Israel in apparent response to the Gaza flotilla raid.
Writers Henning Mankell[111] (who was on board the Freedom Flotilla), Iain Banks[112] and Alice Walker[113] publish statements in the press in support of the cultural boycott of the State of Israel.
In February 2010, 500 artists from the city of Montreal, including Lhasa de Sela, Gilles Vigneault, Richard Desjardins, members of Bran Van 3000 and Silver Mt. Zion, joined the cultural boycott of Israel, saying that Palestinians "face an entrenched system of racial discrimination and segregation, resembling the defeated apartheid system in South Africa".[114][115]
That same year, a hundred Norwegian artists endorse the BDS call.[116]
In Israel, actors refuse to play in the 1967 occupied territories. They are quickly supported by 150 Israeli intellectuals and artists, including Niv Gordon, Gideon Levy, Shlomo Sand, Zeev Sternhell, David Grossman, A.B. Yehoshua, and Amos Oz.[117]
French singer Vanessa Paradis cancelled a performance planned for February 2011 in Tel Aviv. According to insider sources, she and her husband Johnny Depp acceded to calls to cancel the show made by Palestinian boycott campaigners, who threatened to boycott them too. Her agent maintained that the concert was cancelled strictly for professional reasons.[118] That same month, the classical singer Thomas Quasthoff cancelled the six shows he was supposed to give in Israel.[119]
In September 2011, Anglo-Egyptian singer Natacha Atlas cancelled her tour in Israel and stated, "I had an idea that performing in Israel would have been a unique opportunity to encourage and support my fans' opposition to the current government's actions and policies. I would have personally asked my Israeli fans face-to-face to fight this apartheid with peace in their hearts, but after much deliberation I now see that it would be more effective a statement to not go to Israel until this systemised apartheid is abolished once and for all. Therefore I publicly retract my well-intentioned decision to go and perform in Israel and so sincerely hope that this decision represents an effective statement against this regime."[120]
In 2011, several other artists cancelled their concerts in Israel. South African band Ladysmith Black Mambazo,[121] English singer Marc Almond, American jazz band Tuba Skinny, American piano player Jason Moran and Puerto Rican piano player Eddie Palmieri (these last three cancelled their participation in the Red Sea Jazz Festival),[122] South African rapper Ewok,[123] English band The Yardbirds, Greek Martha Frintzila and Turc Hosam Hayek (these last two cancelled their participation to the Jerusalem oud festival),[124] Malian singer Oumou Sangaré, American singer Joe Lynn Turner, and young English dubstep musician Joker[125]
British band Faithless and its leader David Randall confirm their commitment to BDS by publishing the video "Freedom For Palestine" with the collective "One World" that includes Maxi Jazz, Sudha and Andy Treacy (of Faithless), Jamie Catto (of One Giant Leap), Harry Collier (of Kubb), Phil Jones (of Specimen A), Mark Thomas, Lowkey, Michael Rosen, LSK, Andrea Britton, Attab Haddad, Joelle Barker, the Durban Gospel Choir (of South Africa) and members of the London Community Gospel Choir.
Spanish singer Paco Ibanez states in a French newspaper that he will now boycott the Hebrew language, which he can speak, for political reasons.[126]
150 Swiss artists signed an appeal for the cultural boycott of Israel.[127] A group of Indian artists cancelled their participation to an exhibition in Israel.[128]
The AMARC (international non-governmental organization serving the community radio movement, with almost 3 000 members and associates in 110 countries) joins the BDS campaign.[129]
In 2012, Tunisian fence champion Sara Besbes[130] and Iranian chess-master Ehsan Ghaem Maghami[131] boycotted their games to avoid facing Israeli opponents.
In November 2012, the American musician Stevie Wonder bowed to intense pressure and cancelled his participation in a fundraising concert in support of the Israel Defense Forces. Wonder cited his role as a UN goodwill representative, and stated, "I am, and always have been, against war, any war, anywhere."[132][133][134]
In September 2013, the punk-band Oi Polloi, of Scotland, cancelled their appearance in the Norwegian cultural establishment Kapittel, protesting the appearance of the Israeli ambassador to Norway. In a Twitter message, the band announced that "We are not playing together with professional apologetics of war crimes, torture, illegal occupation, ethnic cleansing and racism."[135]
In January 2014, Norwegian musician Pål Moddi Knutsen cancelled his concert in Tel Aviv after appeals by Palestinian human rights activists.[136]
In May 2014, Grace Lee Boggs, Danny Glover and 10 others called for a cultural boycott of Israel, saying they "formally stand with the people of Palestine".[137]
In February 2015, a group of seven hundred artists said they would boycott Israel until its "colonial oppression of Palestinians" comes to an end. The group drew a parallel between their decision and the refusal of artists to perform in Apartheid-era South Africa, saying they would not play music, accept awards, attend exhibitions, festivals or conferences in Israeli cities. The group included Brian Eno, Alexei Sayle, Richard Ashcroft, Riz Ahmed, Miriam Margolyes and Ken Loach.[138][139]

Reception





This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (June 2013)


In August 2001 a 50-strong delegation from the World Council of Churches produced a report calling for a boycott of goods produced by Jewish settlers. The report called on the executive of the WCC to "affirm the legitimacy of Palestinian resistance to injustice and foreign occupation".[140]
In February 2004 following a six-month inquiry a select committee presented a report to the British parliament calling for the suspension of the European Union's preferential trade agreement with Israel "until it (Israel) lifts the movement restrictions which it has placed on Palestinian trade". Between 2002 and 2004 the EU exported £30.1 billion worth of goods to Israel while the value of goods imported was £21.1 billion[141]
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has called on the international community to treat Israel as it treated apartheid South Africa and supports the divestment campaign against Israel.[142]
Swedish archbishop K. G. Hammar, ambassador Carl Tham and a list of 71 others have supported a boycott of products from the occupied areas.[143][144][145]
A joint open letter by 322 UK academics was published in The Guardian 16 January 2009. The letter called on the British government and the British people to take all feasible steps to oblige Israel to stop its "military aggression and colonial occupation" of the Palestinian land and its "criminal use of force", suggesting to start with a programme of boycott, divestment and sanctions.[146]
In 2008, former Beatles singer Paul McCartney decided to perform in Israel for the country's 60th anniversary despite a death threat from militant Islamic activist Omar Bakri Muhammad, who said, "If he values his life Mr McCartney must not come to Israel. He will not be safe there. The sacrifice operatives will be waiting for him."[147] Omar Barghouti, one of the founders of the Palestinian Campaign for the Academic and Cultural Boycott of Israel, described the threat as "deplorable".[147] McCartney said "I do what I think and I have many friends who support Israel."[147]
In 2008 British Member of Parliament Sir Gerald Kaufman claimed, "It is time for our government to make clear to the Israeli government that its conduct and policies are unacceptable and to impose a total arms ban on Israel."[148]
Norman Finkelstein, writing in 2006, said he supports a "US academic boycott of Israel" [149] and an "economic boycott of Israel"


“
1) Do Israeli human rights violations warrant an economic boycott? and 2) Can such a boycott make a meaningful contribution toward ending these violations? I would argue that both these questions should be answered in the affirmative.
”


— Norman Finkelstein, Article "Economic boycott of Israel?" on www.normanfinkelstein.com[150]


In February 2012, Finkelstein "launched a blistering attack" of the BDS movement during an interview, saying it was a "hypocritical, dishonest cult" that tries to cleverly pose as human rights activists while in reality their goal is to destroy Israel. .[151] In addition, he said: "I'm getting a little bit exasperated with what I think is a whole lot of nonsense. I'm not going to tolerate silliness, childishness and a lot of leftist posturing. I loathe the disingenuousness. We will never hear the solidarity movement [back a] two-state solution." Furthermore, Finkelstein stated that the BDS movement has had very few successes, and that just like a cult, the leaders pretend that they are hugely successful when in reality the general public rejects their extreme views. He does mention though that he supports the idea of a non-violent BDS movement.[151]
In an e-mail dated 15 December 2012, Noam Chomsky defended the tactics as non-anti-Semitic. Although Chomsky believes that any tactic, however legitimate, can be misused, he also remarked that they can also be used quite properly and effectively against state crimes, and in this case of BDS, they regularly have been.[152] In May 2013, Chomsky, along with other professors such as Professor Malcolm Levitt, advised Professor Stephen Hawking to boycott an Israeli conference.[73]
In November 2012 a group of 51 people, including Nobel peace laureates, prominent artists and activists published a letter calling for a military embargo on Israel. The letter accused several countries of providing assistance to Israel that facilitated Israel's 2012 military operation in the Gaza Strip. Nobel peace laureates Mairead Maguire and Adolfo Pérez Esquivel were among the group signing the letter.[153]
The Anti-Defamation League, whose mission is to stop the defamation of Jews, has claimed that singling out Israel is "outrageous and biased"[154] as well as "deplorable and offensive".[155] and heads of several major U.S. Jewish organizations have referred to them as "lop-sided" and "unbalanced".[156]
Boycott calls have also been called "profoundly unjust" and relying on a "false" analogy with the previous apartheid regime of South Africa. One critical statement has alleged that the boycotters apply "different standards" to Israel than other countries, that the boycott is "counterproductive and retrograde" yet has no comparability to Nazi boycotts of Jewish shops in the 1930s.[157][158][159][160][161][162][163]
According to a ruling by the French appellate court of Colmar, publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes discrimination and as such is illegal under French law. Yet the Court of Cassation, the highest criminal court of appeal in France, has separately confirmed the legality of calling for a boycott or Israeli goods.[164][165]
The Economist contends that the boycott is "flimsy" and ineffective, that "blaming Israel alone for the impasse in the occupied territories will continue to strike many outsiders as unfair," and points out that the Palestinian leadership does not support the boycott.[166]
In an op-ed published in The Jerusalem Post in November 2010, Gerald Steinberg and Jason Edelstein contend that while "the need to refute their [BDS organizations] allegations is clear, students and community groups must also adopt a proactive strategy to undermine the credibility and influence of these groups. This strategy will marginalize many of the BDS movement's central actors, and expose the lie that BDS is a grassroots protest against Israeli policy. Exposing their abuses and funding sources, and forcing their campaign leaders and participants to respond to us will change the dynamic in this battle."[167] In an effort to combat BDS, in March 2011, NGO Monitor produced "the BDS Sewer System" intended to provide detailed information about boycott campaigns against Israel.[168]
After the post-punk group PiL went to Tel Aviv to headline the Heineken Music Conference 2010 Festival in August 2010, British musician John Lydon responded to criticism by saying: "If Elvis-fucking-Costello wants to pull out of a gig in Israel because he's suddenly got this compassion for Palestinians, then good on him. But I have absolutely one rule, right? Until I see an Arab country, a Muslim country, with a democracy, I won't understand how anyone can have a problem with how they're treated."[169]
Martin Raffel, who oversees the Israel Action Network, argued in March 2011 that Israel's supporters can respectfully debate artists who choose to boycott the West Bank town of Ariel, but "not recognizing Israel as a Jewish democratic state is a completely different story".[170]
In October 2010, the Cape Town Opera (CTO) declined an appeal by Desmond Tutu to cancel a tour of Israel.[171] The CTO stated that the company was "reluctant to adopt the essentially political position of disengagement from cultural ties with Israel or with Palestine,[171] and that they had been in negotiations for four years and would respect the contract.[172]
Gene Simmons, lead singer of Kiss, said that artists who avoid Israel—such as Elvis Costello, the Pixies and Roger Waters—would be better served directing their anger at Arab dictators. "The countries they should be boycotting are the same countries that the populations are rebelling," he said.[173]
Other artists who have voiced opposition to the campaign include writers Umberto Eco[174] and film makers Joel and Ethan Coen.[175] Many musicians such as Elton John, Leonard Cohen, Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Metallica, Editors, Placebo, LCD Soundsystem, MGMT, Justin Bieber, Madonna, Paul McCartney, Ziggy Marley, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Mark Ronson, Depeche Mode, Gilberto Gil, Daniela Mercury, Rolling Stones,[176][177] Alicia Keys,[174][178] Tom Jones,[179] Eric Burdon,[180] Bon Jovi[181] and Ziggy Marley[182] have chosen to perform in Israel in recent years. Novelist Ian McEwan, upon being awarded the Jerusalem Prize, was urged to turn it down, but said that "If I only went to countries that I approve of, I probably would never get out of bed.... It's not great if everyone stops talking."[174]
The Irish Dance production Riverdance performed in Israel in 2011, despite requests that it boycott Israel. The group stated that "Riverdance supports the policy of the Irish Government and indeed the policy of every other EU state that cultural interaction is preferable to isolation."[183]
Reverend Jim Barr, president of the Australia Palestine Advocacy Network, while supporting the boycott, divestment and sanctions campaign against Israel, disagreed with the protest action at Israeli-owned Max Brenner chocolate stores in Australia, saying, "that stuff just discredits the whole movement."[184]
In 2010, Noam Chomsky was interviewed regarding the boycott movement against Israel. He said that while he supported correctly targeted boycott calls, he called inaccurately targeted boycott calls hypocritical. According to Chomsky, boycotting Israeli settlements or arms sales made sense but calling for a boycott of anything Israeli, or demanding for the Right of Return, would be hypocritical and play into the hands of hardliners in the United States and Israel.[185] In July 2014, Noam Chomsky warns that the boycott, divestment, and sanctions campaign could end up harming the Palestinian cause since the demand for a "right of return" for Palestinian refugees has failed to muster significant international support. He also said "if we boycott Tel Aviv University because Israel violates human rights at home, then why not boycott Harvard because of far greater violations by the United States?".[186]
In October 2011, Izzat Abdulhadi, head of the General Delegation of Palestine to Australia said that he is against the "full-scale" BDS campaign, and in particular expressed his anger over the occasionally violent protests at the Max Brenner stores in Australia, saying, "BDS is a non-violent process and I don't think it's the right of anybody to use BDS as a violent action or to prevent people from buying from any place." [187]
Madonna's The MDNA Tour began in May 2012 in Tel Aviv, Israel.[188] She said that the concert in Tel Aviv was a "peace concert", and offered about 600 tickets to the show to various Israeli and Palestinian groups, but this offer was rejected by Anarchists Against the Wall and the Sheikh Jarrah Solidarity group. One activist said "no one is talking about dismantling the privileged regime or of ending the occupation. They talk of peace as a philosophical thing, without connecting to things happening on the ground and that concert is going in that direction." The offer was accepted by the Palestinian-Israeli Peace NGO Forum.[189] Madonna's performance was criticised by a group called "Boycott from Within" as "a blatant attempt at whitewashing Israeli crimes" and Omar Barghouti said that "by performing in Israel, Madonna has consciously and shamefully lent her name to fig-leafing Israel's occupation and apartheid and showed her obliviousness to human rights."[190]
Ed Husain, writing in the New York Times, says that the boycott of Israel should end, since it is hurting the Palestinians more than helping them. Husain believes that the "voice of the Palestinian imams who want to see an end to the boycott needs to be amplified", as well as those "religious leaders" in Egypt and in Saudi Arabia who "advocate peace".[191]
In January 2014, Scarlett Johansson started to promote SodaStream, an Israeli company operating in Ma'ale Adumim, a West Bank settlement, which sparked criticism from Oxfam. In response, Johansson severed ties with Oxfam after eight years, saying she supports trade and "social interaction between a democratic Israel and Palestine" and she has "a fundamental difference of opinion with Oxfam in regards to the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement". SodaStream plant employs both Palestinians and Israelis and the company says it is a model of peaceful cooperation.[192]
In October 2015, J.K. Rowling was one of the 150 people from the British arts world who signed a letter against the call for a boycott of Israel that was made in February. The signatories of the letter said "cultural boycotts singling out Israel are divisive and discriminatory, and will not further peace. Open dialogue and interaction promote greater understanding and mutual acceptance, and it is through such understanding and acceptance that movement can be made towards a resolution of the conflict." Some of the signatories were closely aligned with Israel, for example via the Conservative Friends of Israel and Labour friends of Israel.[193][194][195]
United States government response
In the United States, the Export Administration Act discourages, and in some circumstances, prohibits U.S. companies and individuals from furthering or supporting the boycott of Israel. The Department of Commerce's Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) is responsible for penalties are imposed for each "knowing" violation with fines of up to $50,000 or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years.
During the mid-1970s the United States adopted two laws that seek to counteract the participation of U.S. citizens in other nation's economic boycotts or embargoes. These "antiboycott" laws are the 1977 amendments to the Export Administration Act (EAA) and the Ribicoff Amendment to the Tax Reform Act of 1976 (TRA). While these laws share a common purpose, there are distinctions in their administration.
The antiboycott laws were adopted to encourage, and in specified cases, require U.S. firms to refuse to participate in foreign boycotts that the United States does not sanction. They have the effect of preventing U.S. firms from being used to implement foreign policies of other nations which run counter to U.S. policy.
The Arab League boycott of Israel is the principal foreign economic boycott that U.S. companies must be concerned with today. The antiboycott laws, however, apply to all boycotts imposed by foreign countries that are unsanctioned by the United States.
The antiboycott provisions of the Export Administration Regulations (EAR) apply to the activities of U.S. persons in the interstate or foreign commerce of the United States. The term "U.S. person" includes all individuals, corporations and unincorporated associations resident in the United States, including the permanent domestic affiliates of foreign concerns. U.S. persons also include U.S. citizens abroad (except when they reside abroad and are employed by non-U.S. persons) and the controlled in fact affiliates of domestic concerns. The test for "controlled in fact" is the ability to establish the general policies or to control the day-to-day operations of the foreign affiliate.[196]
The scope of the EAR, as defined by Section 8 of the EAA, is limited to actions taken with intent to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.
What do the laws prohibit?
Conduct that may be penalized under the TRA and/or prohibited under the EAR includes:[197]

Agreements to refuse or actual refusal to do business with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies
Agreements to discriminate or actual discrimination against other persons based on race, religion, sex, national origin or nationality.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about business relationships with or in Israel or with blacklisted companies.
Agreements to furnish or actual furnishing of information about the race, religion, sex, or national origin of another person.

Implementing letters of credit containing prohibited boycott terms or conditions.
The TRA does not "prohibit" conduct, but denies tax benefits ("penalizes") for certain types of boycott-related agreements.
What must be reported?
The EAR requires U.S. persons to report quarterly requests they have received to take certain actions to comply with, further, or support an unsanctioned foreign boycott.[196]
The TRA requires taxpayers to report "operations" in, with, or related to a boycotting country or its nationals and requests received to participate in or cooperate with an international boycott. The Treasury Department publishes a quarterly list of "boycotting countries."
Penalties
The Export Administration Act (EAA) specifies penalties for violations of the Antiboycott Regulations as well as export control violations. These can include:
Criminal
The penalties imposed for each "knowing" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000, or five times the value of the exports involved, whichever is greater, and imprisonment of up to five years. During periods when the EAR are continued in effect by an Executive Order, issued pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the criminal penalties for each "willful" violation can be a fine of up to $50,000 and imprisonment for up to ten years.[196]
Administrative
For each violation of the EAR, any or all of the following may be imposed:

General denial of export privileges;
The imposition of fines of up to $11,000 per violation; and/or
Exclusion from practice.

Boycott agreements under the TRA involve the denial of all or part of the foreign tax benefits discussed above.
When the EAA is in lapse, penalties for violation of the Antiboycott Regulations are governed by the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). The IEEPA Enhancement Act provides for penalties of up to the greater of $250,000 per violation, or twice the value of the transaction for administrative violations of Antiboycott Regulations, and up to $1 million and 20 years imprisonment per violation for criminal anti-boycott violations.[196]
Israeli government response
Main article: Law for Prevention of Damage to State of Israel through Boycott
On 11 July 2011, the Israeli Knesset passed a law that makes the call for a boycott on Israel or Israeli settlements a civil wrong. 47 members of the Knesset voted in favour and 38 against.[198] The law primarily allows[199][200] targets of announced boycotts to persons and organisations that promote them, without having to first prove they were harmed by the boycott. The law also allows the Israeli government to deny contracts and withdraw financial support to those who promote boycotts. The law does not create any criminal offences or criminal sanctions.[201]
The law was heavily criticized in Israel by both left-wing and Arab political parties. Israeli leftist and human rights organizations also criticized the law, and launched a public campaign against it.[202] Prior to the law's approval, four Israeli human rights groups sent letters to Knesset Speaker Reuven Rivlin, Justice Minister Yaakov Neeman, and Finance Minister Yuval Steinitz, demanding a halt in the approval process of the law. After the law was passed, the far-left Gush Shalom movement petitioned the Supreme Court, claiming that the law violated basic democratic principles. The Supreme Court has given the Israeli government 60 days to respond.[needs update] Thirty-four law professors signed a petition against the law to be forwarded to Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein.[203][204]
During an address to the Knesset, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rejected criticism over his failure to attend the boycott law vote, and stressed that he had in fact approved the bill. He also criticized Kadima party members who initially supported the bill and later opposed its final version, accusing them of folding to pressure.[205]
Australian government response
Though Israeli chocolate company Max Brenner is targeted by some Australian Palestinian activists, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs and former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said, "I don't think in 21st-century Australia there is a place for the attempted boycott of a Jewish business."[206]
Senior figures in the Australian Labor Party linked action against the Australian Greens at a state conference, where the Greens were denied automatic preferences, to the Greens' previous support for the BDS movement. Former New South Wales treasurer and Australian Labor Party general secretary Eric Roozendaal and fellow Legislative Councillor Walt Secord, stated, "The Greens will carry forever the stain of their support for the BDS campaign and their attempts to delegitimise Israel and the Jewish community—and this is one of the reasons why we must stand strong against the Greens."[207]
In April 2013, Prime Minister Julia Gillard said that the "campaign does not serve the cause of peace and diplomacy for agreement on a two-state solution between Israel and Palestine", and added that Australia has always had firm opposition to the BDS movement.[208] Representing the Coalition prior to the 2013 federal election, Liberal Party deputy leader Julie Bishop reaffirmed Gillard's stance by promising to cut off federal grants for individuals and institutions who support the BDS campaign. On 29 May 2013, Jewish Australian academics Andrew Benjamin, Michele Grossman and David Goodman condemned the Coalition's election promise as "an anti-democratic gesture par excellence".[209]
French supreme court verdict
On 22 May 2012, the Cour de Cassation (one of the French final appeals courts) ruled that publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products constitutes incitement and discrimination based on nationality. The verdict by the Cour de Cassation was the final verdict in a lengthy legal battle, which consisted of a series of convictions, acquittals, and appeals.[164] French lawyer Michael Ghnassia wrote that the ban on publicly calling for a boycott of Israeli products does not violate freedom of speech because such boycotts affect all Israelis, and is therefore "based on a racial, religious or national criterion and rather than representing a simple opinion, is a discriminatory action".[210]
United Kingdom
A UK court dismissed in 2013 claims that the University and College Union was institutionally anti-Semitic due to motions it had passed in favour of a boycott of Israel. The judgement, by an employment tribunal, was strongly critical of the claims, referring to them as "an impermissible attempt to achieve a political end by litigious means" and displaying a "worrying disregard for pluralism, tolerance and freedom of expression".[211]
In 2017 a UK Administrative Court ruled the British government had acted unlawfully in implementing regulations that sought to limit divestment campaigns against Israeli companies.[212]
See also


Israel portal





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Boycotts of Israel.



Buycott
Constructive engagement
Criticism of Israel
Israeli passport

References


^ Robert S. Wistrich. "From Blood Libel to Boycott: Changing faces of British Anti-Semitism". Hebrew University of Jerusalem: 14. Boycotts against Jews arouse painful associations. Attempts to remove Israeli products from Selfridges, Harrods, Tesco, Marks & Spencer, and other British chains, under the slogan "Isolate the Racist Zionist State", have been both a symptom and a rallying point for the resurgence of antisemitism in Britain. 
^ Mitchell G. Bard; Jeff Dawson (Fall 2012). "Israel and the Campus: The Real Story" (PDF). AICE. Retrieved 27 October 2013. 
^ William J. Miller. "Arab Boycott". World Encyclopedia of Law. 
^ Turck, Nancy (April 1977). "The Arab Boycott of Israel". Foreign Affairs. Council on Foreign Relations. 55 (3): 472–493. JSTOR 20039682. doi:10.2307/20039682. 
^ a b c Joyce Shems Sharon (May 2003). "The Arab Boycott Against Israel and Its Unintended Impact on Arab Economic Welfare". Tufts University. 
^ a b  This article incorporates public domain material from the Congressional Research Service document "Arab League Boycott of Israel.".
^ "85% of Palestinians are interested in cooperation with Israel". Globes. 5 September 2011. Archived from the original on 19 October 2013. 
^ "Palestinians Working In Israel | Wafa Palestinian News Source". Wafa. 23 November 2011. Archived from the original on 4 May 2015. 
^ Kalman, Matthew (20 January 2014). "Palestinians Divided Over Boycott of Israeli Universities". International New York Times. 
^ Amit, Eytan (22 December 2005). "Norway: Parliament shuns Israeli products". Ynetnews. 
^ CUPE Ontario delegates support campaign against Israeli "apartheid wall". Background on Resolution #50 Archived 15 June 2006 at the Wayback Machine. (CUPE Ontario)
^ CUPE in Ontario votes to boycott Israel (CBC News) 27 May 2006
^ "Labour pains over Israel" by Jay Teitel (Maclean's Canada) 13 June 2006
^ "South African union joins boycott of Israel" by Ronen Bodoni (Ynetnews) 8 June 2006
^ "United Churches in Toronto to endorse boycott of Israel", National Post, 28 June 2006
^ Hilary Leila Krieger (21 August 2006). "Canadian church group drops anti-Israel divestment program". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "United Church of Canada approves Israeli settlement boycott". The Globe and Mail. Toronto. 18 August 2012. 
^ Statement from Lord Carey Archived 6 December 2006 at the Wayback Machine., 19 April 2006, hosted on the Anglicans for Israel website
^ Conger, George (15 April 2007). "UK reporters union to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
Brook, Stephen (13 April 2007). "NUJ votes to boycott Israeli goods". The Guardian. 
^ "Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign". Cosmos.ucc.ie. 29 May 2008. Archived from the original on 23 August 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Britain confirms its anti-settlement push, The Jewish Chronicle, 13 November 2008
^ a b c Coren, Ora (19 November 2008). "Israel Worried That U.K. Pressure Will Harm Exports to Europe". Haaretz. 
^ Liphshiz, Cnaan (1 February 2009). "Belgium to stop exporting 'arms that bolster the IDF' to Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Watt, Nicholas (22 December 2001). "Selfridges bans sale of goods from occupied territories". The Guardian. 
^ Implementation of EC/Israel Trade Agreement – House of Commons, European Legislation, Thirty-First Report (1998)
^ Elgot, Jessica (27 September 2011). "Ahava ﬁnally closes its doors in London". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 30 December 2011. 
^ "Trade unionists launch boycott of Israeli goods (Belfast Telegraph, 10 February 2009)". The Belfast Telegraph. 10 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ British trade unions to boycott Israeli goods[permanent dead link] (The Jerusalem Post)
^ "students at Sussex University vote to boycott Israeli goods". San Francisco Bay Area Independent Media Center. 31 October 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Dock workers to boycott Israeli ship". Mail & Guardian. 3 February 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Boycott targets settlement products (Al Jazeera, 19 November 2009)". Al Jazeera. 19 November 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Frykberg, Mel (20 May 2010). "Palestinian Economic Boycott Hits Israeli Settlers". Inter Press Service. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yediot reports on damage to settlement industry caused by targeted boycott". Coteret. 26 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010link to Hebrew original in Yediot Achoronot 
^ "Sweden to launch weeklong boycott on Israeli ships (Ynet News, 5 June 2010)". Ynetnews. 20 June 1995. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Port Union Boycotts Israeli Ships (indymedia-letzebuerg, 14 June 2010)". Indymedia-letzebuerg.net. 14 June 2010. Archived from the original on 23 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Maher, Sean; Elizabeth Nardi (21 June 2010). "Protesters prevent unloading of Israeli ship at Port of Oakland". Oakland Tribune. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Taylor, Jerome (30 June 2010). "Methodists launch boycott over West Bank". The Independent. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Mozgovaya, Natasha (21 July 2010). "Food co-op in Rachel Corrie's hometown boycotts Israeli goods". Haaretz. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Statement on Israeli settlements in the Occupied Palestinian Territoryn (World Council of Chirches, 2.09.2009)". World Council of Churches. Archived from the original on 5 April 2012. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Canada store owner defeats anti-Israel boycotters, Ynetnews
^ Semple, Kirk; Kuntzman, Gersh (27 March 2012). "Food Co-op Rejects Effort to Boycott Israeli-Made Products". The New York Times. Retrieved 16 July 2012. 
^ UK supermarket shuns Israeli-settlement goods (Al Jazeera, 29 April 2012)
^ McVeigh, Tracy; Harriet Sherwood (29 April 2012). "Co-op boycotts exports from Israel's West Bank settlements". The Guardian. 
^ British trade union to ban member visits to Israel (The Jerusalem Post, 8 June 2013)
^ Netanyahu and Livni Speak to EU Leaders on Boycott (Arutz Sheva, 18 July 2013)
^ Experts: EU Yesha Policy Could Lead to 'Legal Morass' (Arutz Sheva, 19 July 2013)
^ Dutch supermarkets ban settlement products (The Times of Israel, 22 July 2013)
^ Scarlett Johansson row has boosted Israeli settlement boycott, say activists (The Guardian, 6 February 2014)
^ "NUI Galway Students' Union Election Results 2014". 
^ Jackson, Willy (1 September 2009). "Economic retaliation against Tel Aviv". Le Monde diplomatique English Edition. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Norwegian Gov't Pension Fund exits Elbit Systems: The fund sold its holding because of Elbit Systems' role in Israel's security". TradingMarkets.com. 3 September 2009. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [dead link]
^ "Three companies excluded from the Government Pension Fund Global" (Press release). Ministry of Finance. 23 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Norway's oil fund can reinvest in Africa Israel Investments, Danya Cebus Reuters, OSLO, Wed 21 August 2013
^ a b Norway's sovereign wealth fund joins exodus from Israel (Financial Times, 2 February 2014)(subscription required)
^ German company pulls out of Israel rail project because it cuts through West Bank (The Washington Post, Associated Press, 9 May 2011)
^ Caterpillar cut from social index over Israel (Al Jazeera, 27 June 2012)
^ Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash. Jewish Leaders Condemn Move by Presbyterian Church by Alan Cooperman (Washington Post; Page A08) 29 September 2004
^ Kaleem, Jaweed (6 July 2012). "Presbyterians Reject Divestment Related To Israeli-Palestinian Conflict". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Presbyterians Vote to Divest Holdings to Pressure Israel (The New York Times, 20 June 2014)
^ New Zealand Superannuation Fund excludes three companies on responsible investment grounds (New Zealand Superannuation Fund, 12 December 2012)
^ Ravid, Barak (1 February 2014). "Denmark's largest bank blacklists Israel's Hapoalim over settlement construction". Haaretz. 
^ Israel's SodaStream leaves West Bank (Financial Times, 10 September 2015) "SodaStream, the Israeli maker of home fizzy drink dispensers, will next week cease production at its factory near the West Bank settlement of Ma'ale Adumim after being pressured by campaigners around the world for doing business on occupied Palestinian land."(subscription required)
^ Benjamin Joffe-Walt (30 May 2006). "Lecturers back boycott of Israeli academics". The Guardian. London. 
^ Traubmann, Tamara (12 June 2006). "British academic boycott expires after teaching unions merge". Haaretz. 
^ "Spain contest bans Israeli team affiliated with West Bank college". Haaretz. Associated Press. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ NTNU says no to academic boycott of Israel. Press release. Norwegian University of Science and Technology. 12 November 2009
^ Ahren, Raphael (29 January 2009). "For first time, U.S. professors call for academic and cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 
^ "Over 500 academics endorse boycott of Israel". Arab News. WVNS. 20 September 2010. 
^ University of Johannesburg votes to sever ties with BGU (The Jerusalem Post, 24 March 2011)
^ Kalman, Matthew (25 March 2011). "U. of Johannesburg Official: 'UJ Is Not Part of an Academic Boycott of Israel'". The Chronicle of Higher Education. 
^ Harris, Ben (5 January 2012). "Penn distances itself from BDS conference". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 
^ Academic Boycott of Israel Called by Irish Teachers Union (Rabble, 4 April 2013)
^ a b Booth, Robert; Harriet Sherwood (10 May 2013). "Noam Chomsky helped lobby Stephen Hawking to stage Israel boycott". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Sherwood, Harriet; Matthew Kalman (8 May 2013). "Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 8 May 2013. 
^ "Stephen Hawking Makes a Peaceful Protest". Boston Globe. 11 May 2013. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Brian Martin (14 May 2013). "Academics and activism: Stephen Hawking and the Israel boycott". The Conversation Australia. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ "Council Resolution on Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". 
^ "Council Statement on the Boycott of Israeli Academic Institutions". American Studies Association. 4 December 2013. 
^ "92 universities reject academic boycott of Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 1 January 2014. 
^ 500 Mideast scholars call for academic embargo of Israeli institutions (The Jerusalem Post, 3 October 2014
^ "More than 500 anthropologists join academic boycott of Israel". Haaretz. 5 October 2014. 
^ Italian scholars boycott Israeli academic institutions (Al Jazeera, January 30, 2016)
Italian academics call for boycott of Israeli universities (Ynet, January 29, 2016)
^ "Spain imposes arms embargo on Israel". Janes. 4 August 2014. 
^ Ravid, Barak (5 August 2014). "Spain freezes arms exports to Israel over Gaza op". Haaretz. 
^ "World outrage grows as Israel pursues 'quiet and security'". Guardian weekly. 8–14 August 2014. 
^ Spain halts arms exports to Israel over Gaza war Archived 11 August 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (PressTV, 9 August 2014)
^ "UK ready to suspend arms exports to Israel". Financial Times. 12 August 2014. (subscription required)
^ Higgins, Charlotte (15 December 2006). "John Berger rallies artists for cultural boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London. 
^ Mariof (21 November 2007). "Boycott, désinvestissement et sanctions - Israël sous pression". Intal.be. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Pinto, Goel (27 August 2006). "British director Ken Loach backs Palestinian call for boycott on Israel". Haaretz. Retrieved 16 July 2017. 
^ Lettre de remerciement, July 2008, July 2008
^ "Roger Waters voices support for Israel boycott". Haaretz. 6 March 2011. 
^ Music moguls to artists: Don't boycott Israel
^ Traubman, Tamara (24 September 2006). "Irish lecturers call on EU to boycott Israeli universities". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 28 April 2007. 
^ Israeli offensive in Gaza, 23 January 2009
^ "150 Irish artists pledge to boycott Israel (Irish Times, 13 August 2010)". The Irish Times. 13 August 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "ujfp, 19 07 09". Ujfp.org. 19 July 2009. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Yet Another Artist Cancels a Show in Israel". Palestine News Network. Archived from the original on 14 August 2014. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Artists' Boycott Strikes a Dissonant Note Inside Israel. The New York Times
^ Shechnik, Raz (2 February 2010). "Santana canceled concert because of anti-Israel pressure". Ynetnews. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Elvis Costello's statement on his own website, 2010
^ Dodd, Vikram; Rory McCarthy in Jerusalem (18 May 2010). "Elvis Costello cancels concerts in Israel in protest at treatment of Palestinians". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Tel Aviv Israel Concert Canceled by Gil Scott Heron". Salem, Ore.: Salem-news.com. World View News Service. 26 April 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Annie Lennox: I Have No Interest in Going to Israel". Haaretz. 11 October 2010. 
^ "Bands cancel performance in Israel following raid on Gaza-bound ships (GulfNews, 4 June 2010)". Gulf News. 4 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "U.K. musicians Leftfield cancelled their Israel show due to 'production problems'". Haaretz. 7 December 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Ilham Rawoot, Why Faithless are giving Israel a miss Mail & Guardian, South Africa, February 2011
^ "English rock band Tindersticks cancels TA concert". The Jerusalem Post. 24 November 2010. 
^ Interview of Naja of Massive Attack, September 2010
^ "'Pixies' cancel Tel-Aviv show". The Jerusalem Post. 6 June 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ White, Michael (2 June 2010). "Gaza flotilla attack: there are shades of grey on both sides". The Guardian. London. 
^ Banks, Iain (2 June 2010). "Small step towards a boycott of Israel". The Guardian. London.  (letter to the editor)
^ The Huffington Post, 2010
^ "500 Artists Against Israeli Apartheid". Tadamon.ca. 25 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "500 artistes montréalais s'engagent contre l'apartheid israélien". Le Journal des Alternatives (in French). 24 February 2010. Retrieved 13 December 2010. [permanent dead link]
^ Norvegian artists for BDS[permanent dead link]
^ Levinson, Chaim; Or Kashti (31 August 2010). "150 Academics, Artists Back Actors' Boycott of Settlement Arts Center". Haaretz. 
^ Abramovitch, Matan (16 January 2011). "Did Pop Star Paradis Cancel Israel Concert Over Politics?". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Israel Infos, 2011
^ Natacha Atlas announces Israel boycott. 2011
^ The Times, South Africa, 2011
^ "Int'l artists cancel Eilat performances - Israel Culture". Ynetnews. 21 August 2011. Retrieved 20 October 2013. 
^ Africa's Gateway, South Africa, September 2011
^ PACBI translates and reproduces Martha Frintzila's statement from her website, 2011
^ Indymedia, December 2011 Archived 17 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Liberation, France, 2011
^ BDS Switzerland Archived 11 January 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Rana Siddiqui Zaman, Indian artists to boycott major show in Israel, The Hindu, New Delhi, 2 August 2011
^ AMARC statement Archived 3 November 2013 at the Wayback Machine., PDF file, 2011
^ Tunisian Athlete Refuses to Play against Israeli Archived 23 October 2014 at the Wayback Machine. (WAFA, 11 October 2011)
^ "Iranian chess master expelled for refusing to play Israeli". The Jerusalem Post. 27 October 2008. 
^ "Stevie Wonder cancels Israel fundraiser concert". BBC News. 2 December 2012. 
^ Stevie Wonder pulls out of Israel fundraiser after boycott pressure (The Jewish Chronicle, 30 November 2012)
^ "Stevie Wonder to Pull Out of IDF Fundraiser". Haaretz. JTA. 29 November 2012. 
^ "Bandboikott av Kapittel" [Band Boycott of Chapter]. Stavanger Aftenblad (in Norwegian). 16 September 2013. 
^ "Når kunst kommer til kort" [When art comes up short] (in Norwegian). NRK. 
^ "Danny Glover calls for cultural boycott of Israel". Haaretz. JTA. 13 May 2014. Archived from the original on 1 June 2014. 
^ Seven hundred artists have just announced a 'cultural boycott' of Israel (The Independent, 14 February 2015)
^ Letter: Over 100 artists announce a cultural boycott of Israel (The Guardian, 13 February 2015)
^ The Jewish Chronicle. 24 August 2001. Front page.
^ MacAskill, Ewen (Diplomatic editor), The Guardian 5 February 2004.
^ Israel: Time to Divest. Desmond Tutu, New Internationalist magazine, January–February 2003
^ DN: "Sluta att köpa israeliska varor" Archived 19 March 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Baker, Mona (20 January 2003). "Palestine Chronicle: Swedish Public Figures Urge Israeli Boycott". Monabaker.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Episcopal News Service: Head of Swedish church's support for boycott of Israeli products stirs debate". Episcopal Church. 29 January 2003. Archived from the original on 17 January 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "Growing outrage at the killings in Gaza". The Guardian. 15 January 2009. , archived at "UK Academics Write to the Guardian: 'Israel Must Lose'". Engage. 16 January 2009. Archived from the original on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b c Paul McCartney promises Israel gig will go ahead despite death threats The Guardian, 16 September 2008
^ "UK's Jewish MP calls it Nazi-like operation". Agence France-Presse. 16 January 2008. Retrieved 16 January 2008. 
^ US Academic Boycott of Israel
^ Economic boycott of Israel?
^ a b Finkelstein disowns 'silly' Israel boycott |work=The Jewish Chronicle
^ Chomsky backs tactics opposing Israeli policies The Australian 15 December 2012
^ McGreal, Chris (28 November 2012). "Nobel peace laureates call for Israel military boycott over Gaza assault". The Guardian. 
^ "ADL 12 August 2005". Anti-Defamation League. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ "(dead link article)". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 June 2006. [dead link]
^ Cooperman, Alan (29 September 2004). "Israel Divestiture Spurs Clash". The Washington Post. Retrieved 22 July 2008. 
^ "Gush Shalom FAQs" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 March 2012. Retrieved 24 September 2011. 
^ ADL Slams British Academic Boycott Policy Archived 25 September 2012 at the Wayback Machine., Anti-Defamation League, 26 May 2006. Retrieved 16 May 2008.
^ Lecturers call for Israel boycott, BBC, 30 May 2006. Retrieved 16 September 2006.
^ Traubmann, Tamara; Benjamin Joffe-Walt (20 June 2006). "Israeli university boycott: how a campaign backfired". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 September 2006. 
^ Editorial, The New York Sun, 6 May 2005. Facing Up to the AUT
^ Anthony Julius and Alan Dershowitz in The Times Online 13 June 2007 [1]
^ "The Left's 'anti-Semitism' can't go unchallenged". Times Higher Education. 2 June 2006. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ a b Martino, Peter (12 July 2012). "France Penalizes Boycott of Israeli Products". The Jewish Press. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Le boycott d'Israël validé par la Cour de cassation (Politis, 21 novembre 2013) "La chambre criminelle de la Cour de cassation a confirmé mardi la légalité de la campagne de boycott des produits d'Israël"
^ "Boycotting Israel: New pariah on the block". The Economist. 13 September 2007. 
^ Steinberg, Gerald; Jason Edelstein (6 November 2010). "Turning the tables on BDS". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Israel Apartheid Week, and efforts to combat it, begin
^ Lydon, John (20 July 2010). "Lydon Slams Critics Over Israel Show". Contactmusic.com. Retrieved 13 December 2010. 
^ Consensus Seen Taking Shape On Boycotts
^ a b Cape Town Opera to go on Israel tour
^ Cape Town Opera's Tour to Israel Archived 5 June 2012 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Kiss Lead Singer Gene Simmons Slams Israel Boycotters". Haaretz. Associated Press. 22 March 2011. 
^ a b c "Israel boycotters target authors, artists". Ynetnews. 5 March 2011. Retrieved 23 March 2011. 
^ Kling, Amit (15 May 2011). "Coen Brothers: Boycotting Israel Is a Mistake". Haaretz. City Mouse Online. 
^ Real satisfaction: Rolling Stones choose Israel over BDS boycott, Fox News 1 April 2014
^ The Rolling Stones in Israel: It's only rock 'n roll, but we loved it, The Times of Israel 5 June 2014
^ "Alicia Keys to Go Forward With Israel Concert, Despite Pressure From BDS Movement". Haaretz. 31 May 2013. 
^ Miller, Sara (29 July 2013). "My, my, my. Tom Jones said to be coming to Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ "Eric Burdon from Band The Animals To Play in Israel". The Forward. JTA. 29 July 2013. 
^ Harkov, Lahav (4 October 2015). "Bon Jovi helps Israelis 'Keep the Faith' with empowering songs on a difficult night". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Coorsh, Karolyn (20 July 2011). "Reggae star Ziggy Marley rejects calls to boycott Israel". The Jerusalem Post. 
^ Sailing with the 'Riverdance' of life. 09.13.11
^ Pro-Palestinian leader condemns violence at Brenner boycott
^ A Conversation with Noam Chomsky on Palestine/Israel
^ "Chomsky says BDS tactics won't work, may be harmful to Palestinians". The Jerusalem Post. 3 July 2014. 
^ Palestinian consul rejects BDS violence
^ Madonna Kicks Off 'MDNA' Tour in Tel Aviv
^ Hasson, Nir (31 May 2012). "Israeli Left-wing NGOs Split on Accepting Madonna's Invite to Tel Aviv Show". Haaretz. 
^ Israel is new South Africa as boycott calls increase (The Independent, 3 June 2012)
^ End the Arab Boycott of Israel
^ "Scarlett Johansson loses role as Oxfam ambassador over Super Bowl SodaStream ad which breaches charity's Israeli boycott". Daily Mail. 30 January 2014. 
^ "J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter author, comes out against BDS movement". The Jerusalem Post. 22 October 2015. 
^ Israel needs cultural bridges, not boycotts – letter from 149 opponents of a cultural boycott of Israel including JK Rowling and Simon Schama (The Guardian, 22 October 2015)
^ Sherwood, Harriet (22 October 2015). "Star authors call for Israeli-Palestinian dialogue rather than boycotts". The Guardian. 
^ a b c d Weiss, Martin A. (5 March 2013). "Arab League Boycott of Israel" (PDF). Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ "Restrictive Trade Practices - Antiboycott Compliance". Brown University. Archived from the original on 12 December 2013. Retrieved 7 December 2013. 
^ Azulay, Moran (11 July 2011). "Knesset votes in favor of 'boycott bill'". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (7 March 2011). "Bill to punish anti-Israel boycotters passes first Knesset hurdle". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Lis, Jonathan (11 July 2011). "Israel passes law banning calls for boycott". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ ספר החוקים (PDF) (in Hebrew). Nevo.co.il. 13 July 2011. Retrieved 14 May 2013. 
^ Lis, Jonathan; Tomer Zarchin. "Israeli Left launches public campaign against new law banning boycotts". Haaretz. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Boycott Law may backfire on Israel". RT. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Rights groups to appeal 'Boycott Law' at High Court". The Jerusalem Post. 12 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Azulay, Moran (13 July 2011). "Netanyahu: I approved the Boycott Law". Ynetnews. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ "Australian lawmakers support Israeli business". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 14 July 2011. Retrieved 23 August 2012. 
^ Kerr, Christian (17 July 2012). "Support for boycotts on Israel backfired". The Australian. Retrieved 17 July 2012. 
^ Julia Gillard denounces activists as anti-Israel protest turns anti-Semitic
^ Higgins, Ean (29 May 2013). "In a democracy freedom of expression had to allow a capacity for dissent". The Australian. Retrieved 29 May 2013. 
^ Ghnassia, Michaël (23 March 2012). "Boycotter les produits d'Israël ? Non, ce n'est pas de la 'liberté d'expression'". Le Nouvel Observateur. Retrieved 13 July 2012. 
^ Tribunal slams academic for bringing anti-Semitism case (The Times Higher Education, 27 March 2013)
^ Government suffers defeat in court by Palestine campaigners over boycott, divestment and sanctions (Palestine Solidarity Campaign, JUNE 22, 2017)





Wikisource has original text related to this article:
Palestinian civil society calls for boycott, divestment and sanctions against Israel







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Boycotts_of_Israel&oldid=792061670"					
Categories: Boycotts of IsraelZionismHuman rights in IsraelHuman rights in the Palestinian territoriesHidden categories: Wikipedia articles incorporating text from the Congressional Research ServiceWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2015Pages containing links to subscription-only contentCS1 French-language sources (fr)Articles with dead external links from November 2016CS1 Norwegian-language sources (no)CS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)Wikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionArticles needing additional references from November 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles lacking reliable references from November 2011All articles lacking reliable referencesUse dmy dates from November 2016All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017Articles lacking reliable references from March 2016Articles with too many examplesArticles with unsourced statements from April 2011Articles with attributed pull quotesWikipedia articles in need of updating from July 2013All Wikipedia articles in need of updating 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةفارسیFrançaisBahasa Indonesiaעברית 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 06:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














OEC

 - Israel (ISR) Exports, Imports, and Trade Partners































Share
×


Short URL

Embed

Social Media












Download
×



 SVG
          

 PNG
          

 CSV
          









Home


Countries


Products


Visualizations


Rankings



Countries


Products





Publications


About



Data


Methodology


The Site


Permissions


FAQs





API














      Israel
    





          
            1.17
          
        

          Econ Complexity
          
          20th of 184




1980
2015





          
            $65.4B
          
        

          Exports
          
          42nd of 221




1980
2015





          
            $59.9B
          
        

          Imports
          
          44th of 221




1980
2015





          
            $36.6k
          
        

          GDP Per Capita
          
          32nd of 184




1990
2015





Photo by BORIS G
    





















Visualizations
Exports
Imports
Trade Balance
Destinations
Origins
Product Space
Complexity and Income Inequality
Economic Complexity Ranking
DataViva
Pantheon




Israel is the 42nd largest export economy in the world and the 20th most complex economy according to the Economic Complexity Index (ECI). In 2015, Israel exported $65.4B and imported $59.9B, resulting in a positive trade balance of $5.43B. In 2015 the GDP of Israel was $299B and its GDP per capita was $36.6k.
The top exports of Israel are Diamonds ($14.8B), Packaged Medicaments ($6.53B), Integrated Circuits ($5.25B), Refined Petroleum ($2.26B) and Telephones ($1.52B), using the 1992 revision of the HS (Harmonized System) classification. Its top imports are Diamonds ($6.72B), Cars ($3.22B), Integrated Circuits ($2.55B), Computers ($1.45B) and Refined Petroleum ($1.39B).
The top export destinations of Israel are the United States ($24B), China ($3.25B), Hong Kong ($2.89B), Palestine ($2.86B) and India ($2.13B). The top import origins are the United States ($8.56B), China ($5.86B), Switzerland ($4.05B), Germany ($3.8B) and Belgium-Luxembourg ($3.44B).
Israel borders Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria by land and Cyprus by sea.









Exports
In 2015 Israel exported $65.4B, making it the 42nd largest exporter in the world. During the last five years the exports of Israel have increased at an annualized rate of 0.9%, from $49.6B in 2010 to $65.4B in 2015. The most recent exports are led by Diamonds which represent 22.6% of the total exports of Israel, followed by Packaged Medicaments, which account for 10%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Imports
In 2015 Israel imported $59.9B, making it the 44th largest importer in the world. During the last five years the imports of Israel have increased at an annualized rate of 1.5%, from $54B in 2010 to $59.9B in 2015. The most recent imports are led by Diamonds which represent 11.2% of the total imports of Israel, followed by Cars, which account for 5.38%.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Trade Balance
As of 2015 Israel had a positive trade balance of $5.43B in net exports. As compared to their trade balance in 1995 when they  had a negative trade balance of $7.3B in net imports.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Destinations
The top export destinations of Israel are the United States ($24B), China ($3.25B), Hong Kong ($2.89B), Palestine ($2.86B) and India ($2.13B).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Origins
The top import origins of Israel are the United States ($8.56B), China ($5.86B), Switzerland ($4.05B), Germany ($3.8B) and Belgium-Luxembourg ($3.44B).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Economic Complexity of Israel



Product Space
The product space is a network connecting products that are likely to be co-exported and can be used to predict the evolution of a country’s export structure.The economy of Israel has an Economic Complexity Index (ECI) of 1.17 making it the 20th most complex country. Israel exports 192 products with revealed comparative advantage (meaning that its share of global exports is larger than what would be expected from the size of its export economy and from the size of a product’s global market).

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Complexity and Income Inequality
In this version of the product space products are colored according to their Product Gini Index, or PGI. The PGI of a product is the level of income inequality that we expect for the countries that export a product. For more information see: Linking Economic Complexity, Institutions and Income Inequality and The structural constraints of income inequality in Latin America.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























Economic Complexity Ranking
In this version of the product space products are colored according to their Product Gini Index, or PGI. The PGI of a product is the level of income inequality that we expect for the countries that export a product. For more information see: Linking Economic Complexity, Institutions and Income Inequality and The structural constraints of income inequality in Latin America.

Explore on Visualizations page 






























More on Israel from our other sites







Brazilian Municipalities that import from Israel
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that imported products from Israel.
DataViva is a visualization tool that provides official data on trade, industries, and education throughout Brazil. If you would like more info or to create a similar site get in touch with us at oec@media.mit.edu.
Explore on DataViva 








Brazilian Municipalities that export to Israel
This treemap shows the municipalities in Brazil that exported products to Israel.
Explore on DataViva 












Globally Famous People of Israel
This treemap shows the cultural exports of Israel, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters
Explore on Pantheon 








Globally Famous People of Israel by City
This treemap shows the cultural exports of Israel by city, as proxied by the production of globally famous historical characters.
Explore on Pantheon 












      Iraq
    






      Jordan
    











[ esc ]





No Filter
Countries
Products
Visualizations












 Israeli Products   
                       
   
 Items in Cart: 0 Subtotal: $0.00   Cart   
Sign In
 Order History  
 
    Specials Health & Beauty Clothing Food Gifts Judaica Books Our Goal  Checkout   
   
   Health & Beauty Items   Ahava Dr. Fischer Ein Gedi Isa's Dead Sea Lavido Organic Natural Formula Haircare Perfume   Clothing & Accessories   Adi Watches Handbags Imaga Hats Jewelry Kipot Silk Scarves Tee Shirts   Food   Chocolate Coffee Cookies & Snacks Fruit Preserves Honey Olive Oil Spices Tea Vitamins   Toys & Children's Items   Baby Clothing & Gifts Bath Toys Building Toys Infant & Toddler Toys Musical Toys   Gifts, Art & Judaica   Art Glass Candles Jewelry Judaica Shop Perfume Silver Yair Emanuel   Book Store   Torah, Kabbalah & Judaism Cookbooks Childrens Books Greeting Cards Haggadahs Music & DVDs   Housewares & Misc.    Kitchen Items Wall Hangings Hand Towels Flags   Sale   Follow us on Facebook to Receive Exclusive Offers   
    Recommend on Facebook  Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Pin It!                                        Lost in the store?  Visit our Store Map with complete product listings & quick links                   
  
               



    

 FREE $10 GIFT CARD! with your order of $60 or more! (excludes Food, tax & shipping) FREE SHIPPING on orders of $100 or more.  Food items excluded. See FAQ for details. USA only.   Our goal is to make high quality Israeli products easier to find and purchase for U.S. consumers. We urge our customers to support both America and Israel by purchasing MADE IN U.S.A. and MADE IN ISRAEL products whenever possible. Conscious spending for everyday and special occasion needs in this way helps good people keep their jobs. It is a simple way to help counter the economic damage done by terrorists, and to feel connected to the Holy Land.Our warehouse is in Maryland, so you won't have to wait weeks to receive Made In Israel items. Please browse through our wonderful selection of THOUSANDS of useful, affordable and beautiful items, with favorite brands like Ahava, Dr. Fischer, Ein Gedi, Careline, Lavido, Elite, Halutza, Ayala Bar, Yair Emanuel, Natural Formula, Safed Candles, and with hard-to-find items from small manufacturers and artists too. 100% of net profits from our internet sales are donated to Israeli charities. (more info) Please bookmark our site. We update the store with new products and services all the time!We look forward to serving you.Need a gift and not sure what they'll like best?An Israeli Products.com GIFT CERTIFICATE is always appreciated!   Would you like to receive promotional emails, with announcements when we have sales, coupons and new products? Please send your email address to service@israeliproducts.com.     
     
 Israeli Products.com Customer Service is closed and we do not process web orders from Friday evening to Saturday evening EST.   Home About Us FAQs Mail and Fax Orders Gift Certificates Contact Us Shipping & Returns Privacy Policy Services  Sitemap   Our store is designed for customers with U.S. shipping addresses only. © 2002-2013. Unauthorized use of our images or content is prohibited.  Ahava Perfume Ein Gedi Dr. Fischer Natural Formula Gift Sets Dead Sea Salt Dead Sea Mud   Adi Watches Silk Scarves Jewelry Imaga Hats Tee Shirts Handbags Kipot   Chocolate Coffee Cookies & Snacks Olive Oil Honey Fruit Preserves Spices Tea   Perfume Jewelry Watches Candles Children's Gifts Silk Scarves Art Glass Yair Emanuel Gift Certificates   Candles Chanukah Passover Rosh Hashana Challah Covers Candle Holders Mezzuzot Washing Cups Bnei Mitzvah   Childrens Books Cookbooks Greeting Cards Haggadahs Kabbalah Torah & Judaism History Prayer & Psalms Music & DVDs         


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










So You Want to Boycott Israel? Here’s A List of Products and Services You Need to Start With....












FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSo You Want to Boycott Israel? Here’s A List of Products and Services You Need to Start With....July 25, 2014 at 11:26amSo you want to boycott Israel?So your organization has decided to boycott all products and services from Israel. Here is a list of activities that you now need to perform in order to comply with this boycott.  Part One – Technology and Food First, remove all Intel Pentium and Celeron computer processor chips from personal computers (desktops, laptops and notebooks) as these were either developed or manufactured in Israel. Note that the revolutionary new Ivy Bridge processor will be manufactured in Israel. Any computers running the Windows XT operating system must be turned off immediately as this was developed in Israel. All current Microsoft operating systems are not to be used as Microsoft is heavily reliant on its Israel R&D centre. Step 2. Any computers that still work need to have their anti-virus software and personal firewalls removed as this technology originated in Israel. The organisation’s firewall will also need to be switched off. Staff should no longer open external emails as most of these will be infected with viruses. No outgoing emails can be sent. The algorithm (code) that’s used today for sending e-mails, was made by an Israeli who worked at the Ben-Gurion University in Be’er-Sheva in 1980. Step 3. Discard all mobile phones, as this technology was developed in Israel, where the first mobile phones were manufactured. Mobile chip technology from a single Israeli company has now been installed in over 100 million devices. Only top-level staff may retain mobile phones for emergency situations. However the use of SMS (Texting) is expressly forbidden as this facility was developed in Israel. No 4G devices can be used, as the chipset is Israeli. Step 4. Turn off your voice-mail service and delete any recorded messages. Israeli companies invented the voice-mail system. If someone you do not know answers your phone-call, then hang up. Israeli call-centres and call-centre technology is in widespread operation in the UK. Step 5. Before accepting any printed material, check that the supplier has not used the Israeli device that might have saved up to 50% of the ink used. Step 6. At home, do not use Facebook as many in-built and add-on applications are Israeli-developed. Do not watch videos on the Internet as the platform used to upload them may be from AOL and hence from an Israeli company. Do not use the Internet to search for answers to your questions as this may involve use of an Israeli-developed search engine. Better to remain unenlightened. Step 7. On your TV or home entertainment centre, do not use Video On Demand (VOD) to watch movies as you may inadvertently see an advert displayed using Israeli software. Do not purchase any games devices as these are likely to use Israeli technology. Step 8. Do not read books using an e-book as this may contain Israeli technology. Do not use data storage as it may have been developed at Israel’s storage technology R&D center. Step 9. Do not buy an electric car as it is likely to be powered with an Israeli battery or use Israeli developed charging mats. Continue to sit in traffic knowing that you are polluting the environment and financing oil-rich despotic regimes.  Turning to food and drink, all food outlets on the organisation’s premises must dispose of cherry tomatoes, which were developed in Israel. Staff must ensure that no cherry tomatoes are included in sandwiches brought into office premises. The ban also applies to honey and any products derived from honey. Israel has developed solutions to the worldwide problem of bee-colony collapse, so that any products derived from bees might only be available now due to an Israeli invention. Avoid drinking any of the world-recognized award-winning Israeli wines. Do not consume homemade drinks from Israeli-manufactured household drinks machines. Avoid any fruit from South Africa or Peru as produce from these countries is being marketed with Israeli brand names. No agricultural products from the following areas must be consumed as they use water irrigation and agricultural technology provided directly from Israel. This includes most of Africa, China, India, Indonesia (a Muslim country), Nepal and many others. Much fruit and vegetables (including organic) imported into the UK has been enhanced using Israeli technology. This may save millions of people from starving around the world, but is not a good reason for you to eat it. To be safe, only eat fruit and vegetables that you have grown yourself using seeds that have been in your family for generations. Part Two – Staff Health. Destroy all personal medication. Israel’s Teva Pharmaceuticals, the largest generic drugs company in the world, will have manufactured many of your medicines.  Staff with the following illnesses will need to take specific precautions. Cancer – do not take any form of medication or treatment. Israeli scientists have been working at the forefront of oncology for decades. AIDS and HIV – beware; researchers at Israel’s Weizmann Institute or Hebrew University developed or improved AZT and Hypericin-based drugs; they have also developed a treatment that destroys HIV-infected cells without damaging healthy ones. Diabetes – do not measure or inject Insulin using the devices developed by Israeli scientists. Multiple Sclerosis – stop taking Copaxone, one of the most efficient medicines and the only non-interferon agent, as Teva developed it.  Don’t touch Laquinimod either. Parkinson’s – remove the Israel-pioneered brain pacemaker to stop tremors. Discontinue Levodopa, which reduces motor disturbances. Cease sessions that involve magnetic cortex stimulation. Staff with a family history of heart disease and arteriosclerosis must not use the Israeli device for early detection of these.  Rather, wait until onset of the disease. Epileptics – stop treatment that may have benefited from the Israeli discovery of the underlying mutant gene; also throw away the bracelet that sends out an alert when a person goes into seizure. Staff or relatives with Age-related Macular Degeneration – remove Israeli implants that arrest the disease. Liver disease – abandon Israeli-developed antibody immunotherapy treatments. Emphysema – steer clear of the Israeli protein replacement therapy. Myeloma – stop taking the drug Velcade, which was developed over a period of 30 years by scientists at Haifa. Sleep apnea – no tests using the breakthrough Israeli device for diagnosis. Dyslexics must not benefit from the Israeli Internet-based reading system. Skin allergies must be treated with steroid creams only, as the new safer non-steroid alternative is Israeli. Any incident of stroke or head trauma or onset of Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, MS, epilepsy, glaucoma or brain tumor must avoid using any of the Weizmann Institute’s patented methods of treatment. Before any surgery or medical tests, check that hospital catheters have not been protected from infection using the new plastic from Israel that disables microorganisms. Avoid throat surgery as this may utilize Israeli surgical lasers. Ensure any colonoscopy or gastro investigation does not use internal Israeli cameras such as the Pillcam.  Never undergo surgery to install an artificial heart, as the first artificial heart transplant took place in Israel. Kidney transplant patients must wait for donors of the same blood group as only Israel’s revolutionary new methods allow donors from other blood groups.  Staff of Arab origin must not make use of the only database for matching potential Arab donors of bone-marrow – in Israel. In the event of a spinal injury or disease, do not accept spinal implants – likely to be an Israeli product or development. Heart rhythm problems must not be solved with the Israeli-developed heart pulse generator. All heart stents are off-limits as most of these originate from Israeli medical companies. Check all vaccines as many of these have been developed in Israel.  Ensure that all X-rays do carry a radiation risk, as the only radiation-free system is Israeli.  Treatments derived from Stem Cell research must be avoided as most of these are Israeli-developed. If you or your family are struck with a bacterial infection, do not take alternatives to older, ineffective bacteria-resistant antibiotics, as an Israeli discovery will have been responsible for the modern, effective drugs. Check that any pain relief medication is not based on soya as an Israeli doctor discovered the beneficial effect of the soya bean. Do not use the revolutionary new Israeli bandage that saved the life of Arizona senator Gabriella Giffords after she was shot in the head.  If you break a bone badly, reject any treatment that involves introducing collagen, as this may have been manufactured from Israeli plants. Do not protect babies and infants from Sudden Infant Death Syndrome with the Babysense system from Israel. Do not use Epilady (or epilator) – two Israelis invented this hair removal device. Finally, reject all major dental treatment, as your teeth may need to be scanned with an Israeli-developed dental scanner.  Part Three – Dealing with People. When interviewing prospective new staff or holding meetings with members of the public or with individuals from other companies, it is vital that you check whether they originate from, or are associated with the following countries and areas. You must ensure that you do not have any contact with people who have benefited from Israel’s aid to those countries. The organization must avoid any possible acknowledgment of Israel’s contribution to world relief.   In addition, you must obtain a formal statement from the government of these countries that Israeli aid was not responsible for the production or development of any goods and services supplied to the organization. These locations include: Japan (As well as rescue teams, Israel supplied Geiger counters and Israeli thermal imaging cameras are monitoring the reactor cores – Mar 2011) Ghana (has been receiving technological aid from Israel since 2006; Israel is now providing neonatal units to save many of the 4,800 babies that die each year – Mar 2011) New Zealand (Israel sent several rescue teams, temporary shelters and water purification systems following the Christchurch earthquake in Feb 2011) Chile, whose rescued miners were treated to a tour of Israel as part of their “Pilgrimage of Thanks” (Feb 2011) Vietnam, whose milk industry is being totally transformed using high-yield Israeli cows (Feb 2011) Uganda (Israeli solar-powered refrigerators were provided to store v1accines used to eliminate an outbreak of Polio from the country in Jan 2011) Kenya (Israel’s Agency for International Development built a state-of-the-art Emergency Room in a hospital serving 6 million Kenyans in Jan 2011) The Maldives (although non-Islamic worship is banned here, Israeli eye-doctors performed free operations for citizens in Dec 2010) Philippines (signed major trade agreement with Israel in Nov 2010) Romania (Israeli doctors treated babies following fire at a neonatal unit – Sep 2010) Cameroon (Ophthalmologists from Haifa restored vision to patients and trained local medical teams in these procedures – Aug 2010) The Congo (Israel were the first burn specialists on the scene following the oil tanker fire disaster in July 2010) Angola (mines cleared by Israeli technology – July 2010) Mississippi (bio-remediation technique used to clean up after oil spills was developed in Israel) China (a major purchaser of Israeli technology, and recipient of medical aid and training) South Africa (Israelis trained their doctors to perform circumcisions to prevent the spread of AIDS – July 2010) Haiti (Israel set-up the largest field hospital to treat victims of the 2010 earthquake, the hurricane and the cholera outbreaks and provided vital assistance for over a year) Sri Lanka (Israel conducted a massive airlift with food, 50 medical staff and rescue teams only 48 hours after the Tsunami in Dec 2004) India (Israel sent an fully-equipped field hospital following Gujarat earthquake in Feb 2001) El Salvador (Israel relief aid following earthquake in 2001) Georgia (Israel contributed food and seeds for farmers following severe drought in 2001) Turkey (Israel relief aid following earthquake in 2000) Mozambique ((Israel  relief aid following floods in 2000) Colombia (Israel sent medical aid and food following earthquake in 1999) Venezuela (President Chavez has forgotten Israel’s aid following floods of 1999) Central America (Israel sent emergency medical aid teams and equipment to help victims of Hurricane Mitch in 1998) Pakistan (2005) and Peru (2007) both accepted aid from Israeli NGOs following earthquake disasters. Peru’s hydro-electric power plants are also being built and run by an Israeli company. Rawanda, Mexico, Chad, Sudan (Darfur) and Malawi all have received humanitarian aid from Israel, including medical assistance from Israel’s NGO IsraAID. Always remember that the boycott extends to any individuals from the above regions that have been exposed to Israeli assistance during the 63 years existence of the current Jewish State. Part Four – Other Impacts. -Reject all products from the USA. Analysis conducted in a typical US stateshows that Israeli innovations were responsible for $2.4 billion in direct revenue to that state’s economy in 2009 and generated nearly 6,000 jobs. -Do not tutor your children in advanced Mathematics techniques, which may have originated in Israel. Also, if these techniques are used in your children’s schools, withdraw your children immediately. -Keen ornithologists should consider giving up their hobby as many rarespecies stop off or reside in Israel during their twice-yearly migration.-Do not watch the new series of NCIS as one of the actresses is Israeli. -Avoid going to any football matches featuring teams with Israeli players. -Destroy all your recordings of Madonna, Bob Dylan, Simon & Garfunkel, Deep Purple, Bon Jovie, Justin Bieber, George Benson, Moby and many, many more artists who have ridiculed the illogical boycott and have proudly performed (or will shortly perform) concerts in Israel. -Destroy any recordings of U2, Lady Gaga, Beyonce, Bruce Springsteen, Beck, Rihanna Coldplay and any artist whose music has been recorded using the sound technology of the Grammy Award winning Israeli company Wave Audio. You also must get rid of any personal copies of Shrek,American Beauty and Star Wars. Do not trust anything recorded by Sony, JVC, Toshiba or Dell. -Don’t go to see The Black Swan with Natalie Portman, or watch any old films with Elizabeth Taylor – both lovers of the Jewish State. -Do not stay in hotels or visit shopping centers owned by Israeli companies (sorry, you will need to check which ones yourself). -Do not have anything to do with the banks who are using Israeli software to prevent fraud. -Do not use any credit or debit card as the Security monitoring system used by the credit card companies is likely to be Israeli. -Do not buy an engagement ring containing a diamond as it is possible that this may have been cut in Israel. -Do not travel by air, as your plane might get towed by the Israeli-built “Taxibot.” -Do not use public transport inside Amsterdam, Moscow or Northern Chinain case you benefit from Israeli transportation devices. -If you suffer a power or network failure, be grateful that at least you haven’t installed the Israeli system that prevents power outages. -Finally, you need to leave all your taps running when you leave home and must never flush your toilet, because Israel provides water-saving technology to over half of the planet. It also is providing sewage treatment technology across the world, including to the UK. It should be obvious by now that all the measures specified in Parts 1 – 4 of this series of blogs will inevitably mean that your organization and your staff will be completely unable to function.  Let’s therefore hope that the decision by your organization to boycott Israeli products is flushed down the toilet of history. Thanks to the wonderful Michael Ordman! Further Information COCA-COLAFrom 1966 onward Coca-Cola has been a  staunch supporter of Israel. Recently the Government of Israel Economic  Mission honored Coca-Cola at the Israel Trade Award Dinner for its  continued support of Israel for the last 30 years and for refusing to  abide by the Arab League boycott of Israel. NESTLESwiss food giant Nestle will set up a  global research and development center for snack foods next year in  Sderot, a town in Israel’s Negev desert, the Maariv newspaper reported  on Sunday. Nestle owns 50.1 percent of Israeli food maker Osem  Investments and the two together produce snack foods at a plant in  Sderot. DISNEYThe Disney Company is owned by Jewish Mogul  Michael Eisner. He owns a vast media empire that includes the ABC  television network, numerous news dailies, national magazines, Hollywood  film companies and a large number of radio stations. One radio station  in Los Angeles, KABC 790 AM recently broadcast comments by Jewess Gloria  Alred to the effect that the Islamic prisoners at Guantanamo should be  tortured by having their “balls” extracted with pliers in order to make  them talk. The news and commentaries made through Michael Eisner’s media  octopus are extremely Islamophobic and anti-Palestinian. KIMBERLY-CLARKIn 1998 Mr. Robert P. Van der Merwe,  chairman of Kimberly-Clark Europe received the Jubilee Award by the  Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. This is the highest tribute ever  awarded by the “State of Israel” in recognition of those individuals and  organizations, that through their investments and trade relationships,  have done the most to strengthen the Israeli economy. SARA LEEIn 1998, Mr. Lucien Nessim of Sara Lee  Personal Products received the Jubilee Award by the Israeli Prime  Minister Netanyahu. This is the highest tribute ever awarded by the  “State of Israel” in recognition of those individuals and organizations,  that through their investments and trade relationships, have done the  most to strengthen the Israeli economy   I think, you need the whole world to boycott All these Israeli Products. If you can! Haha. LIKE Our FanPage : www.facebook.com/Jesus.Love.Is.So.Great  Jesus Love Is So GreatNotes by Jesus Love Is So GreatAll NotesEmbed PostEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017









 



Judaica Web Store - Judaica, Israeli Jewelry and Jewish Gifts You'll Love!





















































































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 









USD
GBP




links

My Account
My Wishlist
Buying Guides
Blog


Welcome to JudaicaWebStore.com





Judaica WebStore.com







 
MY CART



0
item(s)



 
You have no items in your shopping cart. 



 




Search:


All Categories
Jewish Jewelry
- Jewish Pendants & Necklaces
- Jewish Earrings
- Jewish Bracelets
- Jewish Rings
- Jewish Charms
- Diamond Jewelry
- Roman Glass Jewelry
- Eilat Stone Jewelry
- Star of David Jewelry
- Hamsa Jewelry
- Shema Yisrael Jewelry
- Evil Eye Jewelry
- Kabbalah Jewelry
- Hebrew Name Necklaces
- Israel Jewelry
- Ancient Coin Jewelry
- Jerusalem Jewelry
- Dove of Peace Jewelry
- Biblical Jewelry
- Judaica Jewelry
- Heart & Love Expressions Jewelry
- Verses & Blessings
- Personalized Name Jewelry
- Infinity Jewelry
- Men's Jewelry 
- Children's Jewelry
- Israeli Jewelry Designers
- Adi Watches
- Jewelry Boxes
Judaica
- Jewish Blessings
- Challah Boards
- Challah Covers
- Challah Knives
- Dreidels
- Eliyahu Cups
- Etrog Boxes
- Havdalah Sets
- Ketubah
- Kippahs
- Kiddush Cups
- Match Boxes and Holders
- Mayim Achronim
- Hanukkah Menorahs
- 7-Branched Menorahs
- Megillot
- Mezuzah Cases
- Mezuzah Parchments
- Netilat Yadayim
- Religious Accessories
- Sabbath Candlesticks
- Jewish Holiday Candles
- Candle Lighters
- Sabbath Plata Covers
- Salt Holders
- Seder Plates
- Shofars
- Tallit
- Tallit and Tefillin Bags
- Tallit Clips
- Tefillin
- Torah Pointers
- Torah Scroll Replicas
- Tzedakah Boxes
- Tzitzit
- Wine Fountain
- Premium Judaica
Home Decor
- Anodized Aluminum Home Decor
- Ceramic Art
- Crystal Decorations
- Olive Wood Home Decor
- Jerusalem Stone Home Decor
- Jeweled Collection
- Sterling Silver Home Decor
- Bible-Inspired Home Decor
- Candlesticks
- Decorative Cushions
- Free-Standing Sculptures
- Hand and Dish Towels
- Hamsas
- Israeli Clocks
- Tableware
- Jewish Wall Art
Jewish & Israeli Art
- Yair Emanuel 
- Adi Sidler
- Adina Plastelina 
- Agayof
- Artori Design
- Avi Luvaton
- Barbara Shaw
- Caesarea Arts
- Danon
- David Fisher
- David Gerstein 
- Dorit Judaica
- Hazorfim Silver Judaica
- Iris Design
- Laura Cowan
- Lily Art
- Marc Chagall
- Michal Ben Yosef
- Nadav Art
- Orit Grader
- Shraga Landesman 
- Vardool Art
- Yael Elkayam
- Yealat Chen
- Serigraphs
Books & Software
- Tanach / Bible 
- Jewish Holiday Books
- Sabbath Books
- Tefillah
- About Israel
- Arab-Israeli Conflict
- Biographies
- Calendars
- Cooking
- Dictionaries
- Hebrew Alphabet
- Israeli & Jewish History
- Israeli & Jewish Literature
- Israeli & Jewish Art
- Judaism
- Maps & Touring
- Jewish Software
- Hebrew Learning
Clothing
- Israel Shirts
- Jewish Shirts
- Jerusalem Shirts
- Israel Army Shirts
- Kabbalah Shirts
- Funny Jewish Shirts
- Nature Shirts
- Children's T-Shirts
- Israel Aprons
- Israeli Bags
- Israel Caps & Hats
- Kippahs
- Handmade Leather Sandals
- Israeli Scarves
Kosher Food
- Food from Israel
- Kosher Wine from Israel
Jewish Gifts from Israel
- The Israel Museum
- Birth & Brit Mila Gifts
- Bar Mitzvah Gifts
- Bat Mitzvah Gifts
- Jewish Wedding Gifts
- Gifts for Her
- Gifts for Him
- Gifts for Someone You Love
- Gifts for Children
- Personalized Gifts
- Armenian Ceramics
- Biblical Gifts
- City of David
- Cool Jewish Gifts
- Dead Sea Kits
- Desk Accessories
- Gaya - Intelligent Gaming
- Greeting Cards
- Hamsa Design Products
- Hebrew Alphabet Gifts
- Israel Army Gifts
- Israeli & Jewish Music
- Israeli Movies
- Israeli Clocks
- Israeli Flag
- Israel Posters
- Jerusalem Gifts
- Jewish Calendars
- Kabbalah Gifts
- Kassam Rockets into Art
- Kosher Gift Baskets
- Olive Wood Gifts
- Premium Handmade Chocolate
- Souvenirs from Israel
- Shalom Gifts
- Star of David Gifts
Jewish Holiday Gifts
- Rosh Hashanah Gifts
- Sukkot
- Hanukkah Gifts
- Tu BiShvat
- Purim
- Passover 
- Israel's Independence Day
- Mother's Day Gifts
- Father's Day Gifts
- Sabbath
Dead Sea Cosmetics
- Anti-Aging Products
- Dead Sea Bath Salts
- Body Care
- Dead Sea Facial
- Hair Care
- Men's Skin Care
- Dead Sea Mud
- Dead Sea Soaps
- Spa
- Sun Protection
- Dead Sea Treatments
- Anointing Oils
- Biblical Perfumes
- AHAVA
- Clineral 
- Edom
- Ein Gedi Cosmetics
- Elemin
- Moroccan Argan Oil
- Moraz Natural Cosmetics
- Schwartz Natural Cosmetics
- Camel Milk Cosmeceuticals
- Special Kits
- Special Offers
- More Israeli Cosmetics

















Jewelry




Pendants & NecklacesJewish EarringsJewish BraceletsJewish RingsJewish CharmsDiamond JewelryRoman Glass JewelryEilat Stone JewelryStar of David JewelryHamsa JewelryShema Yisrael JewelryEvil Eye JewelryKabbalah JewelryHebrew Name NecklacesIsrael JewelryAncient Coin JewelryJerusalem JewelryDove of Peace JewelryBiblical JewelryAni LedodiHoshenLion of JudahPriestly BlessingShema YisraelTen CommandmentsTree of Life JewelryWoman of ValorJudaica JewelryStar of David JewelryHamsa JewelryChai JewelryJewish AmuletsDavid's Harp JewelryMenorah JewelryMezuzah JewelryPomegranate JewelryWestern Wall JewelryHeart & Love ExpressionsVerses & BlessingsShema YisraelAna BekoachAni LedodiChildren's BlessingsEvil Eye ProtectionInspirationalJerusalem BlessingsLove ExpressionsMy FlamePriestly BlessingThis Too Shall PassTraveler's PrayerWoman of ValorPersonalized Name JewelryHebrew Name NecklacesEnglish Name NecklacesCustomized RingsHebrew Name BraceletsEnglish Name BraceletsMonogram NecklacesInitial NecklacesInfinity Name JewelryLove Name JewelryPersonalized Mom JewelryBirthstone JewelrySports Name JewelryInfinity JewelryMen's Jewelry Children's JewelryIsraeli Jewelry DesignersAdi WatchesJewelry Boxes 
Hebrew Name Necklaces 




Want to surprise someone special? Check out our amazing selection of exclusive Hebrew name necklaces! Simply choose from a range of gold, silver and gold plated designs and add your loved one's name to create a spectacular gift that's as unique and wonderful as they are. The perfect way to mark a special birthday, anniversary or graduation, a stunning Hebrew necklace will make a timeless and beautiful gift.
X Close menuJudaica




Jewish BlessingsJewish Home BlessingsBaby BlessingsBusiness BlessingsCandle BlessingsJerusalem BlessingsPriestly BlessingsTraveler's BlessingsWoman of Valor BlessingsOther Jewish BlessingsChallah BoardsChallah CoversChallah KnivesDreidelsEliyahu CupsEtrog BoxesHavdalah SetsKetubahKippahsKiddush CupsMatch Boxes and HoldersMayim AchronimHanukkah menorahs7-Branched MenorahsMegillotMezuzah CasesMezuzah ParchmentsNetilat YadayimReligious AccessoriesSabbath CandlesticksJewish Holiday CandlesCandle LightersSabbath Plata CoversSalt HoldersSeder PlatesShofarsTallit Tallit and Tefillin BagsTallit ClipsTefillinTorah PointersTorah Scroll ReplicasTzedakah BoxesTzitzitWine FountainPremium Judaica 
Torah Scroll Replicas 




These amazing Torah scroll replicas have the look and feel of the real thing! Available in a variety of sizes and styles, they make a wonderful gift for a holiday, Bar or Bat Mitzvah or any special occasion.
X Close menuHome Decor




Anodized AluminumCeramic ArtCrystal DecorationsOlive Wood Home DecorJerusalem Stone Jeweled CollectionSterling Silver Home DecorBible-Inspired Home DecorCandlesticksDecorative CushionsFree-Standing SculpturesHand and Dish TowelsHamsasIsraeli ClocksTablewareJewish Wall ArtJewish Home BlessingHamsa Wall ArtJerusalem Wall ArtLove Wall ArtPomegranate Wall ArtShalom Wall ArtStar of David Wall ArtTree of Life Wall ArtWelcome Wall ArtWoman of Valor Wall ArtIsraeli Artists' SerigraphsAdditional Jewish Wall Art 
Armenian Ceramics 




If you want affordable, authentic Israeli art, Judaica or decor, Armenian Ceramics has what you're looking for! One of Jerusalem's oldest businesses, the family company has been producing ceramics in the city since the 1920s. Their special blend of authentic Armenian designs and iconic motifs make their ceramics a beloved classic guaranteed to add color and style to your home.
X Close menuJewish Art




Yair Emanuel Bags & ScarvesCandlesticksChallah BoardsChallah CoversGifts for ChildrenHanukkah GiftsHavdalah SetsJewelry BoxesJudaicaKiddush Cups & Fountains
Kippahs & HatsMezuzah CasesPassover GiftsTablewareTallit | TallisTallit and Tefillin BagsTzedakah BoxesWall HangingsWashing CupsAdi SidlerAdina Plastelina AgayofArtori DesignAvi LuvatonBarbara ShawCaesarea ArtsDanonDavid FisherDavid Gerstein Dorit JudaicaHazorfimIris DesignLaura CowanLily ArtMarc ChagallSerigraphs and LithographsMezuzah CasesPostersMichal Ben YosefNadav ArtOrit GraderShraga Landesman Vardool ArtYael ElkayamYealat ChenSerigraphsMordechai Ardon Ben AvramArie AzeneSamy BrissMoshe CastelNahum GutmanMenashe KadishmanGregory KoheletBaruch NachshonNaama NothmannPeter'GZina RoitmanReuven RubinEdwin SalomonAvraham SchiffCalman ShemiVictor ShremJudith Yelin 
Chagall Mezuzah Cases 




One of the most famous artists of the 20th century, Marc Chagall is renowned for his beautiful Judaica-inspired pieces. This gorgeous collection of mezuzah cases features silk-printed renditions of his most acclaimed works on gold plated bronze casting. They will make a classic addition to any room.
X Close menuBooks 




Tanach / Bible Classic TanakhHumashMegillahHolidaysHaggadahMegillahSabbathTefillahSiddurMahzorTehillimAbout IsraelArab-Israeli ConflictBiographiesCalendarsCookingDictionariesHebrew AlphabetIsraeli & Jewish HistoryIsraeli & Jewish LiteratureIsraeli & Jewish ArtJudaismMaps & TouringJewish SoftwareHoliday SoftwareEducational GamesMP3 / iPod / Palm SoftwareJewish Life & HistoryJudaic TextHebrew Word ProcessingHebrew LearningHebrew Learning SoftwareDictionaries & WorkbooksHebrew Learning DVDsHebrew Learning Audio CDs 
Tanach / Bible 




The cornerstone of Judaism, the Tanach - Bible - details the history of the Jewish nation from its inception right through until after the Second Temple was built. It's a staple in any Jewish home, so browse our collection and find one that's perfect for you!
X Close menuClothing




Israel ShirtsIsrael T-ShirtsIsrael SweatshirtsJewish ShirtsJewish T-ShirtsJewish SweatshirtsJerusalem ShirtsJerusalem T-ShirtsJerusalem SweatshirtsIsrael Army ShirtsIDF T-ShirtsIDF SweatshirtsKabbalah ShirtsKabbalah T-ShirtsKabbalah SweatshirtsFunny Jewish ShirtsFunny Jewish T-ShirtsFunny Jewish SweatshirtsNature ShirtsNature T-ShirtsNature SweatshirtsChildren's T-ShirtsIsrael ApronsIsraeli BagsHandmade Leather BagsIsraeli Tote BagsIsrael Caps & Hats KippahsHandmade Leather SandalsMen's SandalsWomen's SandalsKids SandalsIsraeli Scarves 
Leather Sandals 




This great collection of sandals are perfect for the hot summer months! Handmade from high-quality leather, these sandals are available in a range of men's, women's and unisex styles and have been built to last. 

X Close menuFood & Wine




FoodKosher Gift BasketsKosher CandyKosher CapsulesKosher ChocolateKosher CoffeeKosher HalvaKosher HoneyOther Kosher GroceriesKosher Olive OilKosher Quick Mixes Kosher SnacksKosher Soup MixesKosher Spices and SaucesKosher SpreadsKosher Tahini (Tehina)Kosher TeaWineRed WinesDry White WinesSemi Dry White WineDessert WinesGolan Heights WineryWine Stoppers 
De Karina Premium Chocolate 




Managed by Argentian chocolatier Karina Chaplinski, De Karina is Israel's most luxurious chocolate boutique. Ranked among Israel's most highly acclaimed artisan food producers, her extraordinary range of delectable chocolates are what dreams are made of! De Karina's gourmet chocolates are created in every size, texture and flavor imaginable, and are available at exclusive boutiques around the world.
X Close menuGifts




The Israel MuseumAhava (Love) ThemesAmuletsBooks and CataloguesDead Sea ScrollsHoly Land MapsIsrael Museum JewelryIsrael Museum JudaicaPosters and PrintsReplicasStationeryAccessoriesBirth & Brit Mila GiftsBar Mitzvah GiftsBat Mitzvah GiftsJewish Wedding GiftsGifts for HerGifts for HimGifts for Someone You LoveGifts for ChildrenPersonalized ItemsArmenian CeramicsBiblical GiftsCity of DavidCool Jewish GiftsDead Sea KitsDesk AccessoriesGaya - Intelligent GamingGreeting CardsHamsa Design ProductsHebrew Alphabet GiftsIsrael Army GiftsIsraeli & Jewish MusicIsraeli MoviesIsraeli ClocksIsraeli FlagIsrael PostersJerusalem GiftsJewish CalendarsKabbalah GiftsKassam Rockets into ArtKosher Gift BasketsOlive Wood GiftsPremium ChocolateSouvenirs from IsraelShalom GiftsStar of David Gifts 
Jerusalem Gifts 




Our beautiful capital city is at the center of our faith and prayers, so we've compiled an exclusive array of Jerusalem gifts that will help you keep the holy city in your heart. Discover jewelry, clothing, decor pieces, Judaica and so much more by some of Israel's most creative designers so that you'll never forget Jerusalem. 
X Close menuHolidays




Rosh Hashanah GiftsHoney DishesJewish CalendarsShofarsPomegranate GiftsKosher Gift BasketsMore Rosh Hashanah GiftsSukkotHanukkah GiftsDreidelsHanukkah MenorahsHanukkah CandlesHanukkah Candle LightersMenorah JewelryTu BiShvatPurimShalach Manos / Gift BasketsPurim SongsMegillat EstherGroggers (Noisemakers)Passover Seder PlatesAfikoman BagsEliyahu CupsHaggadahsKiddush CupsKosher Fine WineMatzah CoversMatzah TraysPassover Gift BasketsIsrael's Independence DayBooks About IsraelIsrael Hats & CapsIsraeli FlagIsrael Military ProductsIsrael JewelryIsrael BraceletsIsraeli Folk MusicIsrael KeychainsIsrael PostersIsrael PinsIsrael ShirtsIsrael MagnetsMore Independence Day GiftsMother's Day GiftsFather's Day GiftsSabbathBread KnivesCandle LightersCandle BlessingsChallah BoardsChallah CoversHavdalah SetsKiddush CupsKippahsMayim AchronimSabbath BooksSabbath CandlesSabbath CandlesticksSabbath MusicSabbath Plata CoversTallit / TallisWine Fountain 
Sabbath 




Shake up your Shabbat with amazing Sabbath Judaica from some of Israel's most talented artists! We think your day of rest should be beautiful, so we've scoured the country for breathtaking Judaica art that we know you'll love. Choose from a dazzling array of kiddush cups, challah products, candlesticks, havdalah sets and more and celebrate your Sabbath in style!
X Close menuDead Sea Cosmetics




Anti-Aging ProductsDead Sea Bath SaltsBody CareDead Sea FacialHair CareDead Sea Cosmetics Hair CareKeratin Hair ProductsMoraz Natural Hair CareMoroccan Argan Oil Hair CareMen's Skin CareMen's Dead Sea CosmeticsMen's Face CareBeard CareMen's Hair CareMen's Body CareDead Sea MudDead Sea SoapsSpaSun ProtectionDead Sea TreatmentsAnointing OilsBiblical PerfumesAHAVA Products
AHAVA Anti-Aging ProductsAHAVA Body CareAHAVA Hand CreamAHAVA Foot CreamAHAVA DermudAHAVA Facial CareAHAVA ExtremeAHAVA Age ControlAHAVA Sun ProtectionAHAVA MenAHAVA Special KitsClineral EdomEdom Facial CareEdom Body CareEdom Hair CareEdom Dead Sea Bath SaltsEdom Dead Sea SoapsEdom Special KitsEin Gedi CosmeticsEin Gedi Anointing OilsEin Gedi Biblical PerfumesEin Gedi Dead Sea SkincareEin Gedi Olive Oil SoapsEin Gedi Scented CandlesEleminElemin Body CareElemin Facial CareElemin Hair CareMoroccan Argan OilMoroccan Argan Oil Hair CareMoroccan Argan Oil Body CareMoraz Natural CosmeticsMoraz Herbal Body CareMoraz Herbal Hair CareMoraz Herbal Facial CareMoraz Pregnancy ProductsSchwartz Natural CosmeticsCamel Milk CosmeceuticalsDead Sea KitsSpecial OffersMore Israeli Cosmetics 
AHAVA Dermud 




AHAVA's exceptional skincare on steroids: thick, creamy Dermud products feature a special formula that's designed to heal dry, sore skin, while nourishing it with AHAVA's outstanding Osmoter complex. This range is perfect for people whose skin needs a little extra TLC.

X Close menu 












My Account



Home



Jewelry

Jewish Pendants &...Silver Pendants &...Gold PendantsGold Plated PendantsGemstone NecklacesSwarovski NecklacesFashion NecklacesJewish EarringsGold EarringsSilver EarringsGold Plated EarringsEilat Stone EarringsGemstone EarringsRoman Glass EarringsFashion EarringsJewish BraceletsSilver BraceletsGold Jewish Brace...Fashion BraceletsGemstone BraceletsSwarovski BraceletsJewish RingsJewish Gold RingsJewish Silver RingsEilat Stone RingsRoman Glass RingsSilver Rings with...Spinning RingsJewish Wedding RingsFashion RingsJewish CharmsChai CharmsHamsa CharmsHoshen CharmsMenorah CharmsPomegranate CharmsShema Yisrael CharmsStar of David CharmsCharm BraceletsDiamond JewelryDiamond NecklacesDiamond RingsDiamond EarringsRoman Glass JewelryRoman Glass Neckl...Roman Glass EarringsRoman Glass RingsRoman Glass Brace...Eilat Stone JewelryEilat Stone Neckl...Eilat Stone EarringsEilat Stone RingsEilat Stone Brace...Star of David Jew...Hamsa JewelryShema Yisrael Jew...Evil Eye JewelryKabbalah JewelryKabbalah Necklace...Kabbalah BraceletsRed String BraceletsKabbalah RingsSeven Blessings Ring72 Names of God J...Five Metals JewelryMerkaba JewelryHebrew Name Neckl...Israel JewelryAncient Coin JewelryJerusalem JewelryJerusalem Stone J...Lion of Jerusalem...Dove of Peace Jew...Biblical JewelryAni Ledodi JewelryHoshen JewelryHoshen CharmsLion of Judah Jew...Lion of Judah Nec...Lion of Judah RingsPriestly Blessing...Shema Yisrael Jew...Ten Commandments ...Tree of Life JewelryWoman of Valor Je...Judaica JewelryStar of David Jew...Star of David Nec...Silver Star of Da...Gold Star of Davi...Fashion Star of D...Star of David Bra...Star of David CharmsStar of David Ear...Star of David RingsHamsa JewelryHamsa Necklaces &...Gold Hamsa PendantsSilver Hamsa Pend...Hamsa BraceletsHamsa EarringsHamsa RingsHamsa CharmsChai JewelryChai Necklaces &a...Chai BraceletsChai EarringsChai RingsChai CharmsJewish AmuletsDavid's Harp JewelryMenorah JewelryMenorah Necklaces...Menorah RingsMenorah CharmsMezuzah Necklaces...Pomegranate JewelryPomegranate Brace...Pomegranate CharmsPomegranate EarringsPomegranate Neckl...Pomegranate RingsWestern Wall JewelryHeart & Love ...Love Expressions ...Gold Heart JewelrySilver Heart JewelryGold Plated Heart...Verses & Bles...Shema Yisrael Jew...Shema Yisrael Nec...Gold Shema Yisrae...Silver Shema Yisr...Shema Yisrael RingsShema Yisrael Ear...Shema Yisrael Bra...Shema Yisrael CharmsAna Bekoach JewelryAna Bekoach Neckl...Ana Bekoach Brace...Ana Bekoach RingsAni Ledodi JewelryAni Ledodi NecklacesAni Ledodi BraceletsAni Ledodi EarringsAni Ledodi RingsChildren's Blessi...Evil Eye Protecti...Evil Eye Necklace...Evil Eye RingsEvil Eye BraceletsEvil Eye EarringsInspirational Jew...Jerusalem Blessin...Love Expressions ...My Flame JewelryPriestly Blessing...Priestly Blessing...Priestly Blessing...Priestly Blessing...Priestly Blessing...This Too Shall Pa...Traveler's Prayer...Traveler's Prayer...Traveler's Prayer...Traveler's Prayer...Woman of Valor Je...Woman of Valor Ne...Woman of Valor Br...Woman of Valor RingsPersonalized Name...Hebrew Name Neckl...Silver Hebrew Nam...Gold Hebrew Name ...Gold Plated Hebre...English Name Neck...Silver English Na...Gold English Name...Gold Plated Engli...Customized RingsHebrew Name Brace...English Name Brac...Monogram NecklacesInitial NecklacesInfinity Name Jew...Love Name JewelryPersonalized Mom ...Birthstone JewelrySports Name JewelryMen's Jewelry Men's NecklacesMen's BraceletsMen's RingsCufflinksChildren's JewelryIsraeli Jewelry D...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...ArdonnBen JewelryBen Jewelry Roman...Ben Jewelry Brace...Ben Jewelry Jewis...Ben Jewelry Gold ...Ben Jewelry Gold ...Canaan JewelryDanon JewelryDiamonds ForeverGalis JewelryHaari JewelryHaari Jewelry Pen...Haari Jewelry Bra...Haari Jewelry RingsHagar SatatIris Design JewelryJudaica LandJudaica Land Silv...Judaica Land Gold...Judean Hills JewelryJudean Hills Jewe...Judean Hills Jewe...Judean Hills Jewe...Judean Hills Jewe...LK DesignsMarina JewelryMarina Charms &am...Marina Pendants &...Marina EarringsMarina RingsMoriah JewelryMoriah Jewelry Si...Moriah Jewelry Go...Mystic Art JewelryMystic Art Silver...Mystic Art Silver...Mystic Art Silver...Nano JewelryOr JewelryOr Fashion JewelryOr Kabbalah JewelryOr Silver JewelryOr Blessing JewelryOr Judaica JewelryR KabbalahR Kabbalah BraceletsR Kabbalah NecklacesR Kabbalah RingsRafael Jewelry De...Rafael Eilat Ston...Rafael Roman Glas...Rafael Judaica Je...Rafael Gold JewelryRafael Silver Pen...Rafael Silver RingsStudio GolanStudio Golan Silv...Studio Golan Silv...Studio Golan Silv...Studio Golan Silv...Adi WatchesBiblical Design W...Hebrew Letters Wa...Israel Army WatchesIsrael WatchesSport WatchesMen's WatchesWomen's WatchesJewelry Boxes



Judaica

Jewish BlessingsJewish Home Bless...Baby BlessingsBusiness BlessingsCandle BlessingsJerusalem BlessingsPriestly BlessingsTraveler's BlessingsWoman of Valor Bl...Other Jewish Bles...Challah BoardsChallah CoversAppliqued Challah... Embroidered Chal...Hand Embroidered ...Painted Challah C...Challah KnivesDreidelsEliyahu CupsEtrog BoxesHavdalah SetsTraditional Havda...Modern Havdalah SetsJeweled Havdalah ...Havdalah CandlesBesamim SpicesKetubahKippahsKnitted KippahsModern KippahsFrik KippahsBucharian KippahsPatriotic KippahsChildrens KippahsKiddush CupsTraditional Kiddu...Kiddush Cups by I...Sterling Silver K...Anodized Aluminum...Liquor Cup SetsMatch Boxes and H...Mayim AchronimHanukkah MenorahsTraditional MenorahsChabad MenorahsModern MenorahsJeweled MenorahsMenorahs by Israe...Israel Museum Men...Travel Menorahs7-Branched MenorahsMegillotMezuzah CasesMezuzahs by Israe...Mezuzahs by Marc ...Children's MezuzahsCar MezuzahsMezuzah ParchmentsNetilat YadayimNetilat Yadayim CupsNetilat Yadayim T...Religious Accesso...Sabbath CandlesticksCandlesticks by I...Classic Sabbath C...Modern Sabbath Ca...Jeweled Sabbath C...Travel Sabbath Ca...Jewish Holiday Ca...Havdalah CandlesHanukkah CandlesSabbath CandlesScented CandlesCandle LightersSabbath Plata CoversSalt HoldersSeder PlatesShofarsRam's Horn ShofarsYemenite Kudu Sho...Decorated ShofarsShofar BagsShofar StandsTallitTraditional TallitTraditional Pure ...Traditional Prima...Acrylic TallitModern TallitBnei Or TallitJerusalem TallitArtistic TallitHandmade TallitTallit and Tefill...Tallit ClipsTefillinTorah PointersTorah Scroll Repl...Tzedakah BoxesTzitzitWine FountainPremium JudaicaPremium CandlesticksPremium Challah B...Premium Challah C...Premium DreidelsPremium Etrog BoxesPremium Hanukkah ...Premium Havdalah ...Premium Kiddush CupsPremium Kiddush S...Premium Mezuzah C...Premium Passover ...Premium TallitotPremium Washing Cups



Home Decor

Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Anodized Aluminum...Ceramic ArtArmenian CeramicsArmenian Ceramic ...Armenian Ceramic ...Armenian Ceramic ...Ceramic TablewareCeramic JudaicaCeramic Home DecorCrystal DecorationsOlive Wood Home D...Jerusalem Stone H...Jerusalem Stone C...Jerusalem Stone H...Jerusalem Stone M...Jeweled CollectionJeweled CandlesticksJeweled Challah K...Jeweled Challah T...Jeweled Havdalah ...Jeweled Kiddush CupsJeweled MenorahsJeweled 7-Branche...Jeweled MezuzahsJeweled Netilat Y...More Jeweled Coll...Sterling Silver H...Sterling Silver C...Sterling Silver W...Sterling Silver S...Sterling Silver H...Sterling Silver H...Sterling Silver M...Sterling Silver M...Sterling Silver N...Sterling Silver T...Sterling Silver T...Sterling Silver S...Bible-Inspired Ho...Lion of Judah Hom...Noah's Ark Decora...Star of David Dec...Ten Commandments ...Tree of Life Home...Western Wall Home...CandlesticksDecorative CushionsFree-Standing Scu...Hamsa Free-Standi...MiniaturesHand and Dish TowelsHamsasHamsa Free-Standi...Hamsa Wall ArtHamsa JewelryOther Hamsa ProductsIsraeli ClocksTablewareBread KnivesBottle Stoppers &...Challah TraysCoastersCutleryHoney DishesMatzah TraysMugsNapkin HoldersPlacematsSalt & Pepper...Passover Seder Pl...Serving Dishes &a...Tablecloths &...TrivetsWine CupsOther TablewareJewish Wall ArtJewish Home BlessingHamsa Wall ArtJerusalem Wall ArtLove Wall ArtPomegranate Wall ArtShalom Wall ArtStar of David Wal...Tree of Life Wall...Welcome Wall ArtWoman of Valor Wa...Israeli Artists' ...Additional Jewish...



Jewish Art

Yair Emanuel Yair Emanuel Bags...Yair Emanuel Cand...Yair Emanuel Chal...Yair Emanuel Chal...Yair Emanuel for ...Yair Emanuel Hanu...Yair Emanuel Drei...Yair Emanuel Hanu...Yair Emanuel Havd...Yair Emanuel Jewe...Yair Emanuel JudaicaYair Emanuel Kidd...Yair Emanuel Kipp...Yair Emanuel Mezu...Yair Emanuel for ...Yair Emanuel Sede...Yair Emanuel Elij...Yair Emanuel Matz...Yair Emanuel Matz...More Yair Emanuel...Yair Emanuel Stat...Yair Emanuel Tabl...Yair Emanuel Coas...Yair Emanuel Wine...Yair Emanuel CutleryYair Emanuel Serv...Yair Emanuel Hone...Yair Emanuel Napk...Yair Emanuel Salt...Yair Emanuel TrivetsYair Emanuel Runn...Yair Emanuel Tall...Yair Emanuel Tall...Yair Emanuel Tzed...Yair Emanuel Wall...Yair Emanuel Wash...Miscellaneous Yai...Adi SidlerAdina Plastelina Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...Adina Plastelina ...AgayofAgayof CandlesticksAgayof Hanukkah G...Agayof Kiddush CupsAgayof Mezuzah C...Artori DesignAvi LuvatonBarbara ShawBarbara Shaw ApronsBarbara Shaw Tabl...Barbara Shaw Home...Barbara Shaw TotesBarbara Shaw JudaicaBarbara Shaw T-Sh...Barbara Shaw Pass...Caesarea ArtsCaesarea Arts Can...Caesarea Arts Cha...Caesarea Arts Cha...Caesarea Arts Han...Caesarea Arts Kid...Caesarea Arts Mez...Caesarea Arts Sed...Caesarea Arts Tab...Other Caesarea Ar...DanonDanon CandlesticksDanon Mezuzah CasesDanon GiftsDanon Hanging Dec...Danon Hanukkah giftsDanon JewelryDanon KeychainsDavid FisherDavid Fisher Tabl...David Fisher Wall...David Gerstein David Gerstein Sc...David Gerstein Wa...David Gerstein BowlsDavid Gerstein Ha...Dorit JudaicaDorit Judaica Can...Dorit Judaica Han...Dorit Judaica Mez...Dorit Judaica for...Dorit Judaica Sta...Dorit Judaica Tab...Dorit Judaica Cha...Dorit Judaica Wal...Hazorfim Silver J...Hazorfim Candlest...Hazorfim Challah ...Hazorfim Kiddush ...Hazorfim SaucersHazorfim Eliyahu ...Hazorfim Etrog BoxesHazorfim GiftsHazorfim Mezuzah ...Hazorfim Photo Fr...Hazorfim Seder Pl...Hazorfim MenorahsHazorfim TablewareHazorfim Honey &a...Hazorfim Bread Kn...Hazorfim TraysHazorfim Tzedakah...Iris DesignIris Design Mezuz...Iris Design Wall ...Iris Design DreidelsLaura CowanLily ArtLily Art Rosh Has...Lily Art Hanukkah...Lily Art for Pass...Lily Art Candlest...Lily Art Challah ...Lily Art Wall Han...Lily Art Netilat ...Lily Art Mezuzah ...Marc ChagallMarc Chagall Seri...Marc Chagall Mezu...Marc Chagall PostersMichal Ben YosefMichal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Michal Ben Yosef ...Nadav ArtNadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Silver ...Nadav Art Anodize...Nadav Art Anodize...Nadav Art Anodize...Nadav Art Anodize...Nadav Art Anodize...Nadav Art Anodize...Orit GraderShraga Landesman Shraga Landesman ...Shraga Landesman ...Shraga Landesman ...Shraga Landesman ...Shraga Landesman ...Shraga Landesman ... Shraga Landesman...Vardool ArtYael ElkayamYealat ChenYealat Chen Baby ...Yealat Chen Candl...Yealat Chen ClocksYealat Chen Desk ...Yealat Chen Hanuk...Yealat Chen Mezuz...Yealat Chen Table...Yealat Chen Torah...Yealat Chen Wall ...SerigraphsMordechai Ardon Ben AvramArie AzeneSamy BrissMoshe CastelNahum GutmanMenashe KadishmanGregory KoheletBaruch NachshonNaama NothmannPeter'GZina RoitmanReuven RubinEdwin SalomonAvraham SchiffCalman ShemiVictor ShremJudith Yelin



Books 

Tanach / Bible Classic TanakhHumashMegillotJewish Holiday BooksPassover HaggadahsMegillahSabbath BooksShabbat SiddurShabbat HumashBirkonTefillahSiddurMahzorTehillimAbout IsraelArab-Israeli Conf...BiographiesCalendarsCookingDictionariesHebrew AlphabetIsraeli & Jew...Israeli & Jew...Israeli & Jew...JudaismInspiration &...Jewish Law & ...Jewish PhilosophyContemporary IssuesChildren's BooksMaps & TouringJewish SoftwareHoliday SoftwareEducational GamesMP3 / iPod / Palm...Jewish Life &...Judaic TextHebrew Word Proce...Hebrew LearningHebrew Learning S...Dictionaries &amp...Hebrew Learning DVDsHebrew Learning A...



Clothing

Israel ShirtsIsrael T-ShirtsIsrael SweatshirtsJewish ShirtsJewish T-ShirtsJewish SweatshirtsJerusalem ShirtsJerusalem T-ShirtsJerusalem Sweatsh...Israel Army ShirtsIDF T-ShirtsIDF SweatshirtsKabbalah ShirtsKabbalah T-ShirtsKabbalah SweatshirtsFunny Jewish ShirtsFunny Jewish T-Sh...Funny Jewish Swea...Nature ShirtsNature T-ShirtsNature SweatshirtsChildren's T-ShirtsIsrael ApronsIsraeli BagsHandmade Leather ...Israeli Tote BagsIsrael Caps &...KippahsHandmade Leather ...Men's Leather San...Women's Leather S...Kids SandalsIsraeli Scarves



Gifts

The Israel MuseumAhava (Love) ThemesIsrael Museum Amu...Books and CataloguesDead Sea ScrollsHoly Land MapsIsrael Museum Jew...Israel Museum Jud...Israel Museum Han...Posters and PrintsReplicasStationeryAccessoriesIsrael Museum T-S...Israel Museum Key...Israel Museum BagsBirth & Brit ...Bar Mitzvah GiftsBat Mitzvah GiftsJewish Wedding GiftsJewish Wedding RingsKetubahGifts for HerEshet Chayil Jewe...Eshet Chayil JewelryEshet Chayil Home...Women's WatchesJewelry BoxesGifts for HimIsraeli ClocksDesk AccessoriesMen's Dead Sea Co...Men's JewelryMen's Leather San...Men's WatchesTallitTallit and Tefill...Torah PointersGifts for Someone...Dead Sea KitsHeart & Love ...Personalized Name...Israel Museum Aha...Gifts for ChildrenJewish Baby GiftsChildren's BooksChildren's JewelryChildren's MusicChildren's T-ShirtsEducational SoftwareYair Emanuel for ...Personalized GiftsPersonalized Name...Armenian CeramicsBiblical GiftsAni Ledodi GiftsSong of Songs Jew...Hebrew BibleHoshen GiftsChoshen JewelryLion of JudahLion of Judah Hom...Lion of Judah Jew...Torah Scroll Repl...Ten Commandments ArtTen Commandments ...Ten Commandments ...Tree of Life GiftsWoman of Valor GiftsCity of DavidCool Jewish GiftsAdi WatchesIsraeli ApronsFunny Jewish ShirtsIsraeli MugsYiddish GiftsCool KeychainsDead Sea KitsDesk AccessoriesGaya - Intelligen...Greeting CardsHamsa Design Prod...Hebrew Alphabet G...Israel Army GiftsIsrael Army CapsIsrael Army ShirtsIsrael Army Souve...Israel Army Music...Israel Army WatchesIsrael Army JewelryIsraeli & Jew...Jewish Holiday MusicSabbath MusicEretz Israel MusicJewish MusicOriental MusicPopular MusicFemale singersMale singersGroupsChildren's MusicMusic CollectionsIsraeli MoviesChildren DVDsHistory & Doc...Israeli FilmsNTSC (USA) system PAL (Europe) systemMusic DVDsIsraeli ClocksIsraeli FlagIsrael PostersJerusalem GiftsJerusalem Hanging...Jerusalem JewelryJerusalem ShirtsJerusalem Stone G...Jerusalem TempleWestern Wall ArtWestern Wall JewelryWestern Wall Home...Other Jerusalem G...Jewish CalendarsKabbalah GiftsKabbalah JewelryKabbalah ShirtsKassam Rockets in...Kosher Gift BasketsMiniaturesOlive Wood GiftsPremium Handmade ...Souvenirs from Is...BookmarksDecorative PlatesIsrael BraceletsIsrael PinsIsrael KeychainsIsrael Fridge Mag...Mouse PadsPapyrus GiftsSupport Israel So...Support Israel Br...Other SouvenirsShalom GiftsShalom JewelryStar of David GiftsStar of David Hom...Star of David Jew...Star of David Shirts



Holidays

Rosh Hashanah GiftsHoney DishesJewish CalendarsShofarsPomegranate GiftsPomegranate JewelryPomegranate Hangi...Other Pomegranate...Kosher Gift BasketsMore Rosh Hashana...SukkotHanukkah GiftsDreidelsHanukkah MenorahsHanukkah CandlesHanukkah Candle L...Menorah JewelryMore Hanukkah GiftsTu BiShvatPurimShalach Manos / G...Purim SongsMegillat EstherGroggers (Noisema...More Purim GiftsPassover Seder PlatesAfikoman BagsEliyahu CupsHaggadahsKiddush CupsKosher Fine WineMatzah CoversMatzah TraysPassover Gift Bas...More Passover GiftsIsrael's Independ...Books About IsraelIsrael Hats &...Israeli FlagIsrael Military P...Israel JewelryIsrael BraceletsIsraeli Folk MusicIsrael KeychainsIsrael PostersIsrael PinsIsrael ShirtsIsrael MagnetsMore Israel's Ind...Mother's Day GiftsFather's Day GiftsSabbathBread KnivesCandle LightersCandle BlessingsChallah BoardsChallah CoversHavdalah SetsKiddush CupsKippahsMayim AchronimSabbath BooksSabbath CandlesSabbath CandlesticksSabbath MusicSabbath Plata CoversTallit / TallisWine Fountain



Dead Sea Cosmetics

Anti-Aging ProductsDead Sea Bath SaltsBody CareDead Sea FacialHair CareDead Sea Cosmetic...Keratin Hair Prod...Moraz Natural Hai...Moroccan Argan Oi...Men's Skin CareMen's Dead Sea Co...Men's Face CareBeard CareMen's Hair CareMen's Hair LossMen's Body CareDead Sea MudDead Sea SoapsSpaSun ProtectionDead Sea TreatmentsAnointing OilsBiblical PerfumesAHAVAAHAVA Anti-Aging ...AHAVA Body CareAHAVA Hand CreamAHAVA Foot CreamAHAVA DermudAHAVA Facial CareAHAVA ExtremeAHAVA Age ControlAHAVA Sun ProtectionAHAVA MenAHAVA Special KitsClineral EdomEdom Facial CareEdom Body CareEdom Hair CareEdom Dead Sea Bat...Edom Dead Sea SoapsEdom Special KitsEin Gedi CosmeticsEin Gedi Anointin...Ein Gedi Biblical...Ein Gedi Dead Sea...Ein Gedi Olive Oi...Ein Gedi Scented ...EleminElemin Body CareElemin Facial CareElemin Hair CareMoroccan Argan OilMoroccan Argan Oi...Moroccan Argan Oi...Moraz Natural Cos...Moraz Herbal Body...Moraz Herbal Hair...Moraz Herbal Faci...Moraz Pregnancy P...Schwartz Natural ...Special KitsSpecial OffersMore Israeli Cosm...














  
  
  
  
  







 






 





 










Product was successfully added to your shopping cart.

Go to cart page 


Continue 










THE WORLD’S BIGGEST JUDAICA STORE
Home to thousands of fantastic Judaica products!











MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE
Satisfaction guaranteed – or your money back!











WORLDWIDE SHIPPING
From Israel with Love!








FEATURED CATEGORIES



New Arrivals

On Sale

Best Sellers

Jewish Wedding Rings

Hebrew Name Necklaces

AHAVA

House Blessings

Israel Army Gifts






Welcome to Judaica WebStore
We are the number one online marketplace for top-quality Israeli products! We work with the biggest names
in Israeli art and design to bring you an unparalleled collection of Judaica and Israeli art. We stock
thousands of great Israeli gifts, at impressively low prices, so whether you’re looking for Jewish
jewelry, Dead Sea skincare products, Israeli souvenirs or gorgeous pieces of Judaica and Jewish art, we
have what you’re looking for! Judaica WebStore is proud to offer great customer service,
competitive prices, and the biggest selection of fabulous Israeli products anywhere in the world!



MOST POPULAR RIGHT NOW
 









Quick View



Sale


Yair Emanuel Embroidered Linen Ve'Ata Shalom Wall Hanging - Variety of Colors




$40.00

Regular Price:

$28.95 


Special Price

$26.99 













Quick View



Bestseller


Shema Israel: 14K Yellow Gold and Black Onyx Nano-Inscribed Hamsa Necklace




$140.00

$99.00 












Quick View



Bestseller


Jerusalem City of Gold Necklace (Hebrew)




$60.00

$39.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


United We Stand (Crossed Flags) T-Shirt. Variety of Colors




$26.99

$17.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Canaan Handmade Leather Sandals. Variety of Colors




$50.00

$27.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Talitnia Jerusalem Tallit - Blue




$99.00

$62.99 












Quick View





Deluxe Torah Scroll Replica- Medium




$75.00

$49.99 












Quick View



New


Edom La Vie D’Or Glamorous Replenishing Night Cream




$45.00

$29.99 












Quick View



Sale


Sterling Silver Hebrew Name Bracelet




$34.50

Regular Price:

$22.99 


Special Price

$20.99 













Quick View



Sale


AHAVA Brilliant Partners Day and Night Set




$90.00

Regular Price:

$59.99 


Special Price

$49.99 













Quick View



Sale


Galis Jewelry Black Leather Men’s Bracelet with Silver Plated Infinity




$45.00

Regular Price:

$29.99 


Special Price

$26.99 













Quick View



Bestseller


Tree of Life. Color: Green / Blue. Artist: David Fisher. Laser-Cut Paper




$159.00

$89.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


AHAVA Mineral Hand Cream




$23.00

$12.95 












Quick View



Bestseller


The Koren Jerusalem Bible Set with English Translation




$60.00

$39.95 












Quick View



Bestseller


Jerusalem Stone Western Wall Mezuzah Case (Choice of Sizes) - Dark Mosaic




$50.00

$32.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


24K Gold Plated Silver Name Necklace in Hebrew (Torah Script Font)




$60.00

$44.99 










OUR RECOMMENDATIONS FOR YOU
 









Quick View



Bestseller


Jerusalem Cap (Variety of Colors)




$12.00

$5.99 












Quick View





Hagar Satat Leather Silver Plated Stack Bracelet - Gray




$113.00

$74.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


 14K Yellow Gold Double Thickness Name Necklace in Hebrew (Modern)




$299.00

$229.00 












Quick View



Sale


Dorit Judaica Wall Hanging - Daughter's Blessing




$60.00

Regular Price:

                    $38.99                


Special Price

                    $34.99                













Quick View



Bestseller


King Solomon Handmade Leather Sandals. Variety of Colors




$50.00

$27.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Hebrew Letters Gold Plated Watch by Adi




$199.00

$129.00 












Quick View



Bestseller


Yair Emanuel Hand Painted Laser Cut Bowl - Jerusalem




$80.00

$46.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


50 Years of Jerusalem Lion of Judah T-Shirt (Choice of Colors)




$20.00

$14.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Talitnia Acrylic Tallit - Blue and Gold




$30.00

$17.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Israel T-Shirt - I Stand with Israel. Variety of Colors




$20.00

$14.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Jerusalem. Artist: Zina Roitman. Handsigned & Numbered Limited Edition Serigraph




$200.00

$139.00 












Quick View



Bestseller


Barbara Shaw Mug - Man Plans




$22.00

$14.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Nadav Art Hammered Sterling Silver Kiddush Cup with Blessing




$520.00

$349.00 












Quick View



Bestseller


Blue Crystal Star of David Necklace with Gold Filled Wire Wrapping




$60.00

$44.99 












Quick View



Bestseller


Silver Sarah’s Hand Hamsa Necklace with Gold Star of David and Black Diamonds




$240.00

$149.00 












Quick View



Sale


AHAVA Triple Face and Body Treatment Kit For Men: Age Control Moisturizing Cream SPF 15, Mineral Shower Gel, Hand Cream




$65.00

Regular Price:

                    $49.95                


Special Price

                    $39.99                













NEW ARRIVALSSee
        all









Quick View



New


Vardool Hebrew Home Blessing Hamsa Wall Hanging






$105.00

$69.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Lucky Fish Hamsa Wall Hanging – Green and Purple






$105.00

$69.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Lucky Fish Wall Hanging – Blue and Green






$105.00

$69.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Group of Cyclists Freestanding Sculpture






$163.99

$109.00 










Quick View



New


Vardool English Home Blessing Hamsa Wall Hanging






$105.00

$69.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Jerusalem Hanukkah Menorah






$246.00

$164.00 










Quick View



New


Vardool Flower-Filled Window Shabbat Candlesticks






$134.99

$89.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Desert Island Shabbat Candlesticks






$134.99

$89.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Purple Cyclist Freestanding Sculpture 






$127.99

$84.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Shalom Aleichem Shabbat Candlesticks






$134.99

$89.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Pair of Cyclists Freestanding Sculpture






$127.99

$84.99 










Quick View



New


Vardool Cactus with Multicolored Birds Freestanding Sculpture






$127.99

$84.99 








ON SALESee
        all









Quick View



Sale


Galis Jewelry Black Leather Men’s Bracelet with Silver Plated Infinity






$45.00

Regular Price:

                    $29.99                


Special Price

                    $26.99                











Quick View



Sale


Galis Jewelry Gray Leather Men’s Bracelet with Silver Plated Priestly Blessing






$53.00

Regular Price:

                    $34.99                


Special Price

                    $31.99                











Quick View



Sale


Galis Jewelry Double Wrap Black Leather Men's Bracelet with Silver Plated Priestly Blessing






$53.00

Regular Price:

                    $34.99                


Special Price

                    $31.99                











Quick View



Sale


Galis Jewelry Black Leather Men’s Bracelet with Silver Plated Modeh Ani






$53.00

Regular Price:

                    $34.99                


Special Price

                    $31.99                











Quick View



Sale


Hagar Satat Leather Gold Plated Multi-String Tubes Bracelet - Turquoise






$90.00

Regular Price:

                    $59.99                


Special Price

                    $54.99                











Quick View



Sale


Hagar Satat Leather Gold Plated Multi-String Tubes Bracelet - Bronze






$90.00

Regular Price:

                    $59.99                


Special Price

                    $54.99                











Quick View



Sale


Hagar Satat Leather Gold Stack Bracelet - Toffee






$113.00

Regular Price:

                    $74.99                


Special Price

                    $69.99                











Quick View



Sale


Hagar Satat Leather Gold Plated Stack Bracelet - Black






$113.00

Regular Price:

                    $74.99                


Special Price

                    $67.99                











Quick View



Sale


Hagar Satat Gold Plated Lucky Charm Triple Chain Bracelet – Black






$105.00

Regular Price:

                    $69.99                


Special Price

                    $62.99                











Quick View



Sale


Gold Plated English / Hebrew Infinity Name Bracelet (Up To 2 Names)






$83.00

Regular Price:

                    $54.99                


Special Price

                    $49.99                











Quick View



Sale


Sterling Silver Hebrew Name Bracelet






$34.50

Regular Price:

                    $22.99                


Special Price

                    $20.99                











Quick View



Sale


Pure 100% Silan (Date Syrup)






$15.00

Regular Price:

                    $9.99                


Special Price

                    $8.99                














 










About Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Terms & Conditions


 


Contact us
Judaica Wholesale
Judaica Affiliate Program
Brands
Judaica Web Store Reviews


 



Gift Registry Search




Search By *

Select Search TypeRecipient Name SearchRecipient Email SearchGift Registry ID Search 







First Name *





Last Name *





Type
-- All --BirthdayBaby RegistryWeddingBar/Bat Mitzvah




* Enter at least two letters
Search







Recipient Email *







Search







Gift Registry ID *







Search






 
Follow us

     



BE THE FIRST TO KNOW



Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers. Sign up for newsletter today.

Enter your e-mail Address

Submit






 










  Discount coupon


    




 Owned by JWG Ltd, maintains its offices and warehouse in Jerusalem, Israel. © 1999-2016 JWG Judaica and Dead Sea Cosmetics








Create an Account

OR





Login with Facebook







Login with Google




First NameLast Name
Email Address

Passwordhide password


Submit
Sign Up for Newsletter 

If you have an account with us, please log in »



Login
SIGN IN with Social NetworksOR 

Password

Login


Forgot Your Password? Reset It »
If you don't have an account Create an Account »



Reset Password
Please enter your email address below. You will receive a link to reset your password.

z

Submit


Have you remembered your password? Login »
If you don't have an account Create an Account »



Welcome
Customer email is required

z

Save and Login




Please wait...
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Export.gov - Contact_Us_IL





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Contact Us



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Business Service Provider Program


SelectUSA - Investing in the US


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Contact Us 
U.S. Commercial Service Israel
Phone: 972-3-519-8500 Fax: 972-3-510-8530
Email: office.telaviv@trade.gov
U.S. Embassy - 71 Hayarkon St., Tel Aviv 


Mr. Gregory Briscoe
Senior Commercial Officer
Phone: 972-3-519-8510
Email: gregory.briscoe@trade.gov

 

 

Mrs. Karen Kelich, Executive Assistant, High-Level Trade Mission Coordinator & Social Media Coordinator
Phone: 972-3-519-8508 
Email: karen.kelich@trade.gov 
Supports high-level visits to Israel, including Governor and Senator-led trade missions, Ambassador residence events, Social Media Coordinator, Webmaster 
Mr. Alan Wielunski, Senior Commercial Specialist
Phone: 972-3-519-8526
Email: alan.wielunski@trade.gov 
Industries:  Air Conditioning/Refrigeration Eq. • Architectural/Constr./Engineering SVC • Automobile/Light Truck/Vans • Automotive Parts/Services Eq. • Building Products • Construction Eq. • Defense Industry Eq. • Education/Training Services • Employment Services • Energy • Financial Services • Food Processing/Packaging Eq. • Hotel/Restaurant Eq. • Marine Fisheries Products (Seafood) • Services • Tools - Hand/Power • Transportation Serv. (other than Aviation) • Trucks/Trailers/Buses 
Ms. Yael Torres, Commercial Specialist
Phone: 972-3-519-8522
Email: yael.torres@trade.gov 
Industries: Healthcare Technologies • Ag and water tech • Chemicals, Advanced Materials & Plastics • Cosmetics • Dental Eq. • General Science & Technology • Innovation • Laboratory Scientific Instruments • Travel & Tourism  • Veterinary Medicine 
Ms. Christina Azar, Commercial Specialist
Phone: 972-3-519-8524
Email: christina.azar@trade.gov 
Industries: Franchising • Textile • Footwear • Apparel • Environment • Pollution Control Eq. • Artwork- • Audio/Visual Eq.• Books/Periodicals. • Business Eq. (Non-Computer) • Computer Services • Computer Software • Computers/Peripherals • Consumer Electronics • Cyber • Electronic Components • Films/Videos • Furniture • General Consumer Goods • Jewelry • Lawn/Garden Eq. • Materials Handling Machinery • Musical Instruments • Packaging Eq. • Paper/Printing/Graphic Arts Eq • Smart Cities • Sporting Goods/Recreational Eq. • Telecommunications • Toys/Games 
Mrs. Sigal Mendelovich, SelectUSA Commercial Specialist
Phone: 972-3-519-8525
Email: sigal.mendelovich@trade.gov 
Assists, facilitates, and accelerates business investment in the United States by Israeli firms
Mr. Ohad Sarelle, Budget & Fiscal Analyst
Phone: 972-3-519-8521
Email: ohad.sarelle@trade.gov
Mr. Nitzan Halperin, Driver/Admin Assistant
Phone: 972-3-519-8527
Email: nitzan.halperin@trade.gov 
For more information about the West Bank market please visit: http://www.export.gov/westbank/ and find the appropriate specialist to assist you.
Please note: for food products, pet food and nutritional supplements please contact Yossi Barak, Department of Agriculture, at yossi.barak@usda.gov


 












For more information on the West Bank market:

www.export.gov/westbank

For food products, pet food and nutritional supplements please contact:

Mr. Oren Shaked, Department of Agriculture, shakedox@state.gov












 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 7/5/16 4:46 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - CCG_Front Page_IL_2011





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Market Research On Israel	
				>
Country Commercial Guide



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Atid EDI Fortnightly - Bi Weekly Update!


Country Commercial Guide


Customized Market Research 


SelectUSA


Government Tenders


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Country Commercial Guide 

This annual commercial guide presents a comprehensive look at the Israeli commercial environment. It reviews economic and political conditions and trends, identifies commercial opportunities for U.S. exports, and assesses the overall investment climate in this country. 
Key sections include a listing of best prospects, in-depth information about doing business in Israel and an economic roundup. In conjunction with the U.S. Commercial Service, several other U.S. Government agencies contribute to information contained in this comprehensive report.
 Doing Business in Israel 
 Political & Economic Environment 
 Selling U.S. products and services 
 Leading sectors for US Export and investment
 Trade regulation & standards 
 Investment climate 
 Trade and project financing 
 Business Travel 
 Guide to Services 


 








Main Topics    

Download Country Commercial Guide 2015
State Department - Profile of Israel










 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 5/30/14 7:51 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - Master_Trade_Events_IL





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Trade Events



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Business Service Provider Program


SelectUSA - Investing in the US


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Trade Events 

U.S. Commercial Service Israel supports a number of trade shows and events carefully selected by its team of country experts from the many taking place in the U.S. and in Israel. These events present the best opportunities for U.S. companies to identify potential business partners in the Israeli market. 
Upcoming Trade Events:
 SelectUSA Investment Summit, June 18-20, 2017 - Registration Open
 InfoComm 2017, Orlando FL, June 14-16, 2017
 Bio San Diego,  June 19-22, 2017
 Watec Israel, sept 12-14, 2017
Participating in local trade events is an excellent way to explore opportunities in the Israeli market. 
U.S. Trade Events 
U.S. trade events are prime venues to identify and meet with motivated Israeli business people attending the shows. Learn more…



 








Main Topics

Contact Us










 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 6/15/17 3:00 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - Trade_Intelligence_IL





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Services for U.S. Companies



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Atid EDI Fortnightly - Bi Weekly Update!


Country Commercial Guide


Customized Market Research 


SelectUSA


Government Tenders


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Market Intelligence
Country and Industry Reports
 Get accurate and detailed information from country and industry market reports, written by our in-country trade professionals.
Customized Market Research
 Gauge the sales potential for your products or services with individualized reports on global markets.
 Discover which factors influence prospective customers, identify your competitors, and obtain pricing for comparable products.
Background Reports
 Learn about potential partners from our trade professionals working in Israel. 
 Order an international company report containing available sales, profit figures, potential liabilities, and other financial information.

Trade Data and Analysis 
 Get the latest annual and quarterly trade data by country, state, commodity, and year
 Find industry-specific trade data and analysis. 
 Obtain country-specific tariff and trade agreement information.  


 








Related Topics

Trade Counseling
Business Matchmaking
Commercial Diplomacy 
Our Services

Main Topics

Contact Us

 



 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 3/16/11 10:05 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - CCG_Ch5_Trade Regulation & Standards_IL_2011





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Market Research On Israel	
				>
Country Commercial Guide



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Atid EDI Fortnightly - Bi Weekly Update!


Country Commercial Guide


Customized Market Research 


SelectUSA


Government Tenders


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Chapter 5: Trade Regulations, Customs and Standards
 Import Tariffs
 Trade Barriers
 Import Requirements and Documentation
 U.S. Export Controls
 Temporary Entry
 Labeling and Marking Requirements
 Prohibited and Restricted Imports
 Customs Regulations and Contact Information
 Standards
 Trade Agreements
 Web Resources
Import Tariffs 
Israel's tariff classification is based on the Harmonized System (HS) Code.  Israel’s Customs and Purchase Tax Tariff is the main instrument used for the classification of goods. The correct classification of goods is the key to determining tax rates, as well as obtaining various authorizations, permits and licenses, and all other conditions of importation, in accordance to the applicable laws, regulations and instructions.  We recommend contacting a professional customs broker for consultation since classification of goods requires professional knowledge.  Israeli Customs provides free pre-ruling classification information. A request should include a detailed description of the goods, a catalog with the technical information and/or any other relevant information. In addition, Customs may also require a sample of the material/product, lab testing results, authorizations from institutes/authorized government agencies, import license and any other documents as required by the specific Customs Department. 
Trade Barriers 
In general, Israel offers a good commercial environment for U.S. companies. The United States-Israel Free Trade Agreement (FTA) has eliminated almost all tariffs, leaving Israel's agricultural sector as the only one with substantial barriers. The FTA also provides for a joint committee comprised of representatives from both countries to review the functioning of the agreement. Israel is a member of the World Trade Organization (WTO).  
A 1996 Agreement on Trade in Agricultural Products (ATAP) with the United States permits Israel to maintain non-tariff protection for certain agricultural products. This framework expired at the end of 2001 but the signed agreement was renegotiated and extended until the end of 2008. Since then the agreement was extended three times until the end of 2013. Negotiations on a new expanded agreement are ongoing with the intention of both sided to sign the agreement before the end of 2013.Under the agreement, Israel permits free access to a long list of food products and duty-free access for certain quantities of a list of U.S. products under tariff rate quotas (TRQ). American exporters and Israeli importers, however, complain that these TRQs provide an insufficient duty-free quota for many fruits and other products, and very high tariffs on imports above quota. Israel excludes most of US fresh vegetative products, on phytosanitary grounds. Israel has revised its phytosanitary restrictions and requirements making them consistent with WTO requirements. 
The U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv is very actively pursuing much-needed improvements in the export and investment climate for U.S. firms in Israel. These efforts are focused in three specific areas:  incorporating technical standards in Israel that do not discriminate against U.S. products, protecting intellectual property rights, and establishing greater transparency in Israel’s public procurement process. For further information about how these issues may affect your export prospects in Israel, please contact the Commercial Service in Israel. 
Regarding intellectual Property Rights, while there has been improvement in the level of illegal production, importation, and sale of copyrighted and trademarked goods, problems still exist. For more details, see “Intellectual Property Rights, in Chapter 6, “Investment Climate Statement.”
Import Requirements and Documentation 
All administrative import licensing requirements for U.S.-made consumer and industrial goods have been eliminated under the FTA, excluding the requirements for most food and agricultural products. In the case of products for which there is a TRQ, the Ministry of Agriculture or the Ministry of Industry, Trade & Labor issues a license, which either totally exempts the bearer from duty or grants a reduction in customs duty on the quantity indicated in the license. Importers wishing to bring in goods without availing themselves of the TRQ are not required to obtain a license. All imported agricultural and food products must carry a health certificate or an import license for veterinary, phytosanitary or public health reasons. The Israel Veterinary Services (IVS), the Plant Protection and Inspection Services (PPIS) and the Food Control Service (FCS) of the Ministry of Health issue these licenses, respectively. Please contact Agricultural Specialist Yossi Barak for more details at yossi.barak@usda.gov.
U.S. Export Controls 
U.S. exporters to Israel must follow standard U.S. Government requirements regarding export control documentation for sensitive U.S. technology exports.  For information on this subject contact the U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security, Internet web site: http://www.bis.doc.gov/  or the Trade Information Center at 1-800-872-8723 or the U.S. Department of State Directorate of Defense Trade Controls (DDTC).
Although Israel is not a signatory to the Wassenaar Arrangement, it has adopted the Wassenaar list of dual-use items subject to control. As of January 1, 2007, the Ministry of Industry, Trade & Labor is responsible for the administration of Israel’s dual-use export control system. However, it lacks sufficient trained personnel to shoulder this responsibility completely and continues to rely on staff work of the Ministry of Defense. The Ministry of Defense has established a new division to deal exclusively with the export controls of defense items. 
U.S. export licenses are required for exports to Israel of certain high technology, defense related equipment and technologies and weapons for chemical and biological warfare. U.S. exporters should ensure that they are in compliance with the export control regulations as administered through the U.S. Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry & Security and U.S. Department of State, Office of Defense Trade Controls.
Temporary Entry 
Temporary entry of U.S.-made goods is possible with an "ATA Carnet" issued by a U.S. Chamber of Commerce or through payment of a deposit, reimbursable upon re-export.
Labeling and Marking Requirements  
Israel has strict marking and labeling requirements that frequently differ from those of other countries. U.S. exporters should consult with their Israeli importer prior to shipping any product that will be offered to the local market. The Food Control Services (FCS) of the Ministry of Health his enforcing the labeling regulations Embassy Tel Aviv is working with the Ministry to try to resolve any discrepancy.  
All imports into Israel must have a label indicating the country of origin, the name and address of the producer, the name and address of the Israeli importer, the contents, and the weight or volume in metric units. In all instances, Hebrew must be used; English may be added provided the printed letters are no larger than those in Hebrew.  Nutritional labeling is compulsory on all packaged foods.  For more information on marking and labeling requirements, see the information in FAIRS report or please contact Agricultural Specialist Yossi Barak for more details at yossi.barak@usda.gov, Tel: 972-3-519-7686.
Israel has no declared government policy on genetically modified organisms (GMO) although regulations are being prepared which will require positive labeling when a product or an ingredient is genetically modified. Israel’s main export market for food is Europe where consumer concern over GMO is considerable. Thus, many Israeli raw material importers require an exporter’s declaration that the product is GMO free.
Marking should be done by printing, engraving, stamping, or any other means, on the package or the goods themselves. If marking is not possible, a label should be well sewn or stuck to the goods or package. Marking details should be clear, legible and in a different color from the background in order to be clearly distinguishable. Printing dyes and other marking materials should not affect merchandise quality. The marking should not be blurred. On a multi-layered package, the external layer should be marked. If the external layer is transparent the marking should be done underneath that layer, provided it is still clear and legible. On a package containing sub-packages, the labeling should specify the number of such sub-packages, the net content of a sub-package, and the overall net weight of the package. An aerosol container should indicate the net quantity weight unit for semi-solid or powder products, and volume unit for liquids. For products that tend to lose weight under regular marketing/commercial conditions, the maximum quantity of expected depletion should be mentioned.
Specific labeling regulations apply to some consumer goods, paper products, handbags, musical recordings, fertilizers, insecticides, chemicals, pharmaceuticals, some food products, seeds, and alcoholic beverages. Outside and inside containers of dangerous articles, such as poisons, insecticides, drugs, flammable goods, ammunition, explosives, reptiles, insects, bacteria and radioactive materials should be clearly marked.
 exporters of auto parts to Israel are concerned about a Ministry of Transportation requirement that they affix “Made in the USA” labels to their product before entry into Israeli Customs territory. Most U.S. auto parts manufacturers label their parts as being “Assembled in the USA,” required by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission for domestic parts that contain some portion of foreign content.
Prohibited and Restricted Imports 
Israel maintains restrictions on imports of agricultural and food products the government considers to be economically sensitive and subject to agricultural policy considerations. U.S. meat exports face an especially difficult environment due to a ban on beef meat due to veterinary restrictions and for kosher requirements. Waiving the ban on imports of live cattle and beef meat and products is under advanced discussions.
Israeli law determines that the sole authority for certifying food as kosher is the Council of the Chief Rabbinate of Israel. Hence, products considered kosher in the United States still must obtain certification from Israel's Chief Rabbinate to be considered kosher in Israel. With the exception of meat, poultry and their products, there is no legal requirement that imported food be kosher. However, for commercial considerations, in most cases it is advisable to obtain kosher certification for products and raw materials as surveys show that between 60 and 65 percent of the Jewish population prefer Kosher food. Please contact Agricultural Specialist Yossi Barak for more details at yossi.barak@usda.gov, Tel: 972-3-519-7686.
Customs Regulations and Contact Information 
Israeli Customs stringently enforces import documentation regulations, including the requirement for a U.S. Certificate of Origin for exports to Israel. Therefore, U.S. exporters should meticulously follow the advice given below and always double-check with the Israeli Customs clearing agent before the goods leave the United States to avoid potentially lengthy delays when the goods enter Israel.
In order for U.S. exporters to qualify for preferential access to the Israeli market, a hard copy, green color certificate of origin must accompany all shipments from the United States to Israel. The FTA came into full effect in 1995. Under this agreement, American companies exporting to Israel can gain greater market access, reduce transaction costs, increase sales, enhance export revenues and become more competitive in the Israeli marketplace. U.S. exporters are encouraged to qualify for preferential tariff treatment and to obtain, when necessary, a certificate of non-manipulation for trans-shipments.
If the exporter is also the manufacturer the certificate does not need to be notarized or stamped by a Chamber of Commerce. Instead, the exporter should make the following declaration in box 11 of the certificate: "The undersigned hereby declares that he is the producer of the goods covered by this certificate and that they comply with the origin requirements specified for those goods in the U.S.-Israel Free Trade Area Agreement for goods exported to Israel”. The actual forms are printed by a number of commercial printing houses in the United States. Please note that the aforementioned process is being reviewed for possible modifications and that the U.S. Commercial Service should be contacted for more information at Certificate of Origin for Exporting to Israel.
Other Documentation
The Israeli Customs Services prefer that exporters use their own commercial invoice forms containing all required information including name and address of supplier, general nature of the goods, country of origin of the goods, name and address of the customer in Israel, name of the agent in Israel, terms, rate of exchange (if applicable), Israel import license number (if applicable), shipping information, and a full description of all goods in the shipment including shipping marks, quantity or measure, composition of goods (by percentage if mixed), tariff heading number, gross weight of each package, net weight of each package, total weight of shipment, price per unit as sold, and total value of shipment. The total value of the shipment includes packing, shipping, dock and agency fees, and insurance charges incurred in the exportation of the goods to Israel. The commercial invoice must be signed by the manufacturer, consignor, owner, or authorized agent. U.S. exporters should also double check with their freight forwarder, shipping company or importer to find out if any other documentation, including bill of lading and packing list, is required. It is imperative that these issues be addressed before the goods arrive at the Israeli port, to avoid any possible delays and storage fees. In addition, U.S. goods that are transshipped through third countries require a Certificate of Non-Manipulation from the customs authority of the third country, in order to qualify for the FTA preferential tariff.
Authorization Procedures for "Approved Exporter" Status
Potential candidates for “Approved Exporter” status are U.S. firms with total annual exports to Israel of at least $20 million that have a clean record with the Israel Customs Services. Israel Customs will examine whether the manufacturer or exporter complies with the criteria and grant approval for "Approved Exporter" status. The approved exporter will be given an identity number to be stamped on all invoices. The approval is valid for six months, after which the exporter should receive an automatic extension from Israel Customs. If the exporter does not receive an extension notice he/she must terminate use of the approval.  For more information please contact U.S. Commercial Service Commercial Specialist, Yael Torres, at yael.torres@trade.gov
Standards 
 Overview
 Standards Organizations
 Conformity Assessment
 Product Certification
 Accreditation
 Publication of Technical Regulations
 Labeling and Marking
 Contacts
Overview        Return to top
The Standards Institution of Israel (SII) is the only statutory body in Israel that develops and establishes standards. Created by an act of the Knesset (Parliament), "The Standards Law of 1953" mandates SII’s responsibility for the preparation, publication of technical specifications and standards for products and services, which are produced locally or imported. Today, the SII incorporates standardization, testing, conformity assessment, product certification, management system certification and training activities under one roof.  It has laboratories in almost all technological areas, providing testing and inspection services to industry and commerce, as well as regulatory services to government. Overseeing the SII’s policy is the Ministry of Industry, Trade & Labor’s Commissioner of Standards. 
The supreme body of the SII is the General Assembly, comprised of 70 members from the following sectors: manufacturing, construction, commerce, services, trades, consumers, engineering associations, universities and government. The General Assembly annually elects a Board of Directors and President. The SII’s Standardization Division coordinates the preparation of standards through the work of hundreds of standardization committees that include volunteer representatives from all sectors of the Israeli economy. The adoption of Israeli standards is voluntary, however, standards may be declared mandatory by the relevant government ministry in the interest of public health and safety or protection of the environment. 
As the mandated national standards body, the SII represents Israel in two international standards organizations, the International Organization for Standards (ISO) and the International Electromechanical Commission (IEC). Israeli legislation also mandates the adoption of multiple, proven international standards whenever possible to maximize benefits to the Israeli consumer of a competitive market. 
However, Israeli standards policy in the past is its clear preference for European standards, but in recent years U.S. standards have been gaining greater acceptance. The SII has become an affiliate of the European Committee for Standardization (CEN) and the European Committee for Electro technical Standardization (CENELEC), though it has not joined any technical committees.
Standards Organizations 
The SII is the sole organization that develops standards in Israel. On a yearly basis the SII prepares its work plan that includes a list of standards they plan to develop. Members of the various technical committees, as well as government ministries, provide input.  
NIST Notify U.S. Service
Member countries of the World Trade Organization (WTO) are required under the Agreement on Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT Agreement) to report to the WTO all proposed technical regulations that could affect trade with other Member countries. Notify U.S. is a free, web-based e-mail subscription service that offers an opportunity to review and comment on proposed foreign technical regulations that can affect your access to international markets. Register online at Internet URL: http://www.nist.gov/notifyus/
Conformity Assessment 
The sole authority for conformity assessment in Israel is the SII.
Product Certification 
SII operates product and system certification programs. Use of the Standards Mark is generally voluntary but Israeli law mandates that certain classes of products must be certified before they are sold. The Standards Mark program operates in accordance with EN 45011. To qualify for the Standards Mark, a product must conform to the requirements of the applicable standard or standards, and be manufactured in a plant with an approved quality assurance system, similar to ISO 9002.

The Standards Mark Board appoints technical committees of representatives from the public and private sectors in various technological areas, which meet regularly to evaluate the findings of the test reports and quality assessment reports. These committees report their findings to the Licensing Committee, which is responsible for granting or canceling a license.
 
Once a license is issued, follow-up inspections of the product and quality assurance review is performed. These inspections are performed by laboratory personnel and certified auditors. In addition, samples of the product are taken several times a year to insure continuous compliance of the product with the relevant standard or standards. In order to ease the process for foreign manufacturers wishing to enter the Standards Mark program, agreements have been reached with independent foreign testing and certification organizations to perform testing and inspection services on behalf of SII.  
The SII has signed Mutual Recognition Agreements (MRA) with the following U.S. organizations:


Dept. of Defense

QPL AND QML for Electronic components


ETL

Standards Mark recognition - Electrical and energy products


FCC

Recognition


IAPMO

Hydraulic products
Standards Mark


NSF

Food Safety, HACCP-9000, HACCP


UL

Mutual recognition in fields of: Electricity, electronics, hydraulics, mechanics, fire.  Standards Mark supervision in fields of: Electricity, electronics, hydraulics, mechanics, fire

Accreditation 
The Israel Laboratory Accreditation Authority (ISRAC) is the only body in Israel, which is internationally and legally recognized to accredit testing and calibration laboratories according to ISO/IEC 17025 and to recognize laboratories in accordance with the OECD rules of Good Laboratory Practice (GLP).

The Government of Israel decided in its resolution No. 3778 from August 14, 1994 to set up a National Authority for the accreditation of testing and calibration laboratories (ISRAC) and empowered the Minister of Industry, Trade & Labor to implement this resolution as a voluntary scheme for laboratories wishing to be internationally recognized for their competence in testing. The law for the national accreditation authority (ISRAC) was passed in the Knesset in May of 1997.

ISRAC has accredited laboratories in the areas of food, water, cosmetics, pesticide chemistry, biology, microbiology as well as many calibration, engineering, construction laboratories NDT (non-destructive testing) and EMC (telecommunications).
Publication of Technical Regulations 
Technical standards are published in the official Israel Government Gazette in hard copy only and can be purchased in bookstores that sell legal textbooks or by subscription. Prior to publication, the Director General of the SII officially informs the relevant industry sectors of pending additions and amendments. U.S. entities can influence the content and adoption of technical standards through active participation at the technical committee level.    
Labeling and Marking 
The Standards Institution of Israel operates a product certification scheme to assist consumers in identifying products conforming to Israeli Standards. For more information go to:
http://www.sii.org.il/384-en/SII_EN.aspx 
Contacts 
Mr. Ilan Carmit, Business & Projects Development Manager
The Standards Institution of Israel
Tel: +972-3-6467802; Direct: +97237454019; Fax: +972-3-6467779; Email: carmit@sii.org.il
Mrs. Helen Atarot, Director, Standardization Division
The Standards Institution of Israel 
Tel: +972-3-6465180; Fax: + 972-3-6412762; Email atarot@sii.org.il

Trade Agreements 
Israel has adopted a liberal import policy. In addition to its Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with the U.S., it has FTAs with Bulgaria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Mexico, Poland, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Turkey, the European Union (EU), and EFTA (Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland). In 2011 a trade agreement has been signed with the MERCOSUR countries (Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Venezuela) and an agreement with India is under discussion. Israel also has a preferential trade arrangement with Jordan and maintains a customs union with the Palestinian Authority. In late 2002, the European Union began imposing customs duties on goods manufactured by Israeli companies located in the Palestinian territories. 
In 1997, Congress amended the law governing the U.S./Israeli Free Trade Agreement to enable the creation of so-called qualifying industrial zones (QIZs) with Jordan and Egypt. Jordan took advantage of this opportunity beginning in 1997. Products manufactured in Jordan enjoy duty and quota free access to the U.S. market if, inter alia, they contain a certain minimum percentage of Israeli inputs. Jordan has established a number of QIZs. Both Israeli/Jordanian trade and Jordanian exports to the U.S. have grown significantly as a result of the QIZs.  Egypt signed the QIZ agreement in December 2004.  Egyptian products manufactured within a designated zone with 11.7% Israeli inputs, and a combined 35% value added, may enter into the U.S. duty free.  Since signing the agreement, Egypt's imports to the U.S. have nearly doubled.  A list of current Egyptian QIZ-eligible companies and zones can be obtained at http://www.qizegypt.gov.eg. All products manufactured in the Palestinian territories also may enter the U.S. duty free.
Web Resources 
Ministry of Finance – Israeli Department of Customs & VAT
Regarding Standards Issues:
Standards Institution of Israel
Ministry of Industry, Trade & Labor
Federation of Israeli Chambers of Commerce
U.S. Certificates of Origin for Exporting to Israel:
U.S. Commercial Service
U.S. Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security:
Bureau of Industry and Security
Labeling/Marking Requirements:
Ministry of Industry, Trade & Labor
Ministry of Health


 








Main Topic

Country Commercial Guide

Related Topics

Doing Business in Israel
Political & Economic Environment
Selling U.S. products and services
Leading sectors for US Export and investment
Trade regulation & standards
Investment climate
Trade and project financing
Business Travel

 



 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 9/20/13 7:15 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - Boing Business in Israel_IL_2011





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel	
				>
Doing Business in Israel



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Doing Business in Israel


Market Overview & Opportunities


Business Customs & Travel


Leading Sectors for U.S. Export & Investment


Free Trade Agreement


Certificate of Origin


The Israel Agency Contract Law


Services for U.S. Companies


Market Research on Israel


SelectUSA


Government Tenders


Trade Events


Business Services Providers


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Doing Business in Israel  

The U.S. Commercial Service can help your company export to Israel, the largest U.S. export market in the Middle East! 
Israel’s dynamic and diverse market offers U.S. exporters opportunities in a wide variety of sectors. Its high-tech, pro-American business community is familiar with U.S. business norms, and a multitude of U.S. firms are already doing business in Israel. Take advantage of the opportunities through the Commercial Service!  
 Market Overview & Opportunities 
 Business Customs & Travel 
 Leading Sectors for U.S. Export and Investments 
 Free Trade Agreement 
 Certificate of Origin
 The Israel Agency Contract Law


 








Main Topics

Services for U.S. Companies
Trade Events
Useful Links
Contact Us

Related Topics

CIA World Factbook on Israel
Country Commercial Guide










 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 2/1/17 6:13 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.












Export.gov - Home Page Master





 




 

 






















 


 

 

 




 Please visit our new website at www.export.gov!
		


מידע לחברות ישראליות









How To Export


eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation




Customized Services


Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations




Market Intelligence


Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis




Events


Events and Trade Missions
Webinars




Trade Problems 

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures




FAQs


Boards


About Us


International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media









Home >
				
Israel



Local Time:

Print







Israel


Israel Home


About Us


Services for U.S. Companies


Doing Business in Israel


Market Research on Israel


Business Service Provider Program


SelectUSA - Investing in the US


Trade Events


Internship


Links


Contact Us


Our Worldwide Network


About Us


Press Room


Other Worldwide Markets










Welcome to the U.S. Commercial Service Israel

Follow us on Social Media:    
Wisconsin Governor Walker is visiting Israel in October


 

Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker is planning a trip to Israel with a trade delegation in October/November 2017. The Governor’s advance team came to Israel July 16-20 to meet government, academia, service providers and trade organizations to explore the possibility of closer ties with the Wisconsin Water Council and the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee’s School of Fresh Water Sciences. CS Israel organized the 5 day visit and accompanied Katy Sinnott, VP International Business Development and Stanley Pfrang, Sr. Market Development Director Europe, ME & Africa, Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation (WEDC). Pictured with Professor Jack Gilron, Head of the Desalination and Water Treatment Departments at the Ben Gurion University Zuckerberg Institute of Water Research.

SelectUSA Investment Summit 2017 Israel Delegation


 

SCO Gregory Briscoe led another successful Israeli Investment Delegation to the 2017 SelectUSA Investment Summit in DC. The delegation consisted of 20 Israeli companies, comprising 30 delegates. All are interested in establishing or expanding a presence in the United States. In addition, the U.S. Chamber in cooperation with Holland Knight Law Firm hosted a reception for the Israel delegation, inviting American companies to network with the group. The delegation comprised of leading Israeli companies such as Teva Pharmaceuticals, Albaad, Meir Beigel, Cellebrite, Aeronautics, and more. The United States offers great opportunities for all type of Israeli companies, from very well-known large companies to small and medium-sized start-ups and entrepreneurial activities.

Embassy Briefing at Cyberweek 2017


 

On June 26th, CS Israel co-hosted together with the Tel Aviv University a welcoming briefing for all U.S. executive speakers attending CyberWeek2017. The briefing included presentations by the embassy’s, Economic and Political Counselors, as well as representative of the FBI and two guest speakers from the Israeli industry, Dr. Dorit Dor, VP of Products at Checkpoint and Mr. Achiad Alter, manager of Cyber Security Unite at the Israel Export Institute, both giving an overview of the Israeli Cyber industry overview. A total of 23 guests attended the U.S. Embassy Briefing

Israel’s fashion market hosted by FOX Group and the FICC


 

On June 26th, Commercial Specialist Christina Azar attended a special meeting and lecture about Israel’s fashion market hosted by one of Israel’s leading retail Company, FOX Group and the Israeli Federation of Israeli Chamber of Commerce (FICC).  The event was geared toward the embassy officials from various countries, primarily to meet Mr. Harel Wiesel, Owner and CEO of FOX Group and to also learn about the fashion retail industry in the market.

Aerospace firms seeking opportunities in the Israel defense market


 

SCO Greg Briscoe headlined an intercontinental seminar for 25+ Long Island aerospace firms seeking opportunities in the Israel defense market. The seminar—“Selling to Israel’s Aerospace, Defense and Security Sectors”—was a cooperative effort organized by Long Island USEAC International Trade Specialists Susan Sadocha and Milly Ho and New York’s economic development organization GlobalNY. SCO Briscoe and Israel NY representative Gerry Stoch dialed into the Cradle of Aviation Museum venue in Garden City, NY from USCS offices in Tel Aviv. The event also featured presenters from Israel’s Ministry of Defense, the Israeli Air Force, and the ITA Aerospace Team.

US pavilion at the ISDEF 2017


 

On June 6, CS Israel’s Briscoe officially opened the US pavilion at the ISDEF 2017, Defense and HLS trade show. SCO Briscoe gave a country commercial briefing to representatives of 29 US companies who attended and Sr. Commercial Specialist counseled the US companies about opportunities in the Israeli market and market entry strategies. For many companies this was their first visit to Israel or contact with the USCS. Over 300 exhibitors took part including companies from India and Czech Republic. Of note, were the two pavilions from Virginia and Illinois State Economic Development Organizations that actively recruited for the show.

Pre-Summit Breakfast Meeting at Ambassador’s Residence



 


This week, Ambassador Friedman hosted a successful pre-summit breakfast briefing on Monday meeting the 28 delegates attending the summit this month. The Israel group is an incredibly impressive delegation, by both the quality of the delegation and its diversity, comprising small, medium, and large companies, those with varying degrees of presence in the US.

CS Israel’s Yael Torres at IPW 2017



 


CS Israel Yael Torres led a buyers and travel media delegation to IPW, June 3-7 in Washington DC. Israeli delegation members held over 300 meetings with US suppliers, generating 100Ks in travel business. The number of entries by Israelis into the United States increased 20% between 2014 and 2016 to 435,000.

New Program Brings US Business Execs to Israel 



 

The US Chamber of Commerce and the Israel-America Chamber of Commerce launched Business Israel today. The US Chamber of Commerce, in partnership with its Israel affiliate the Israel-America Chamber of Commerce (AmCham Israel), today launched Business Israel, a multi-year program to bring executives from leading business organizations across the US to Israel. The program launched with an inaugural mission led by Myron Brilliant, executive vice president and head of International Affairs for the US Chamber. The delegation included seventeen CEOs and presidents from state and major metropolitan chambers of commerce from across the US. Read more…

CS Tel Aviv Teams with Local Chamber of Commerce to Promote U.S. Exports 


 

CS Tel Aviv Specialists Alan Wielunski, Yael Torres, and Christina Azar took part in 40+ counseling meetings with Israeli firms seeking U.S. products and services to import to Israel. The meetings were organized by the Federation of Israeli Chambers of Commerce (FICC), a key USCS trade and investment partner. CS Tel Aviv specialists have already reached out to ODO teams and offices to find U.S. partners for the Israeli importers. Next steps will include a series of webinars produced with the FICC to promote the Israel market to U.S. firms.

Representatives of InfoComm and Integrated Systems Europe (ISE) visit Israel 


 


On March 27th representatives of InfoComm and Integrated Systems Europe (ISE) visited Israel for the first time, to participate as guest speakers on in a Multimedia Conference and Exhibition. SCO Greg Briscoe and Commercial Specialist, Christina Azar met the three representatives to give them an overview of the Israeli Audio & Visual market, and discuss possible ways InfoComm and ISE can interact with the Israeli market

Visit to Al Arz Ice Cream Co. in Toubas


  



On March 28th SCO Greg Briscoe and Sr. Specialist Assad Barsoum visited Al Arz Ice Cream Co. in Nablus and Khaizaran Fresh Herbs (Agripal) in Toubas.  The purpose of the visit was to learn about the state-of-the-art business operations of a Palestinian ice cream company and meet the owner of an agribusiness that employs around 1,000 and plans to invest in the United States.  As a follow-on to CS West Bank’s visit to the northern parts of the West Bank, Sr. Specialist Assad Barsoum will be providing Al-Arz Ice Cream Co. with US suppliers of skimmed milk powder and pistachios.  He will also provide Agripal with guidance on investing in the US by working closely with the SelectUSA Office at HQ.

Organized Workshop for U.S. Company DigitalTown Visiting Israel


  



On February 6th, CS Christina Azar organized a workshop for DigitalTown Inc. as US based company under the Business Facilitation Company. DigitalTown Inc. provides platform that enables users to meet various social challenges while taking part in a larger framework for local economic development, civic engagement, and digital inclusion all while keep funds in local economies as they roam from city to city. The workshop took place at the Tel Aviv public Library which included 20 people from various municipalities and start-up companies from all over the country. Guests who attended the workshop described it to be informative and are looking forward to cooperate with DigitalTown Inc. in the future. In addition to the workshop CS Christina played an essential role in rescheduling additional meetings with key player in the Israeli smart city sector.

Newly Appointed DAS Seward “Skip” Jones visits Israel


  



Mr. Kevin Stine, Chief of the Applied Cybersecurity Division at NIST visited Israel on January 29 - 31, 2017.  As part of the Visit, Mr. Stine participated as a key speaker in a panel discussion on Global CyberSecurity at CyberTech2017 conference, where he addressed to new updated Cybersecurity Standards Framework and Center of Excellence Programs. In addition, Commercial Specialist Christina Azar organized, 3 full days of meetings that included a site visit to CyberSpark in BeerSheva, two roundtables hosted by Israel Innovation Authority, Israel-US Amcham and the BIRD foundation. As a follow up to this visit, CS Tel Aviv will conduct series of calls with Israeli cyber organization s to discuss NIST programs and guidelines

Welcoming Briefing for U.S. Firms Attending CyberTech 2017


  
 


On January 29th, CS Israel hosted a welcoming briefing for all U.S. firms attending CyberTech 2017. The briefing included presentations by the embassy’s Commercial, Economic and Political Counselors, as well as representative of the FBI and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. As a guest speaker, Dr. Tal Steinherz, the CTO of the Israel National Cyber Directorate at the Prime Minister’s office provided an overview of the Israeli cyber industry.  A total of 40 guests attended the U.S. Embassy Briefing.

SelectUSA Booth at CyberTech 2017




SelectUSA, for the 2nd year, held a booth at the 2017 Cybertech Conference to promote U.S. Israel cyber collaboration and encourage foreign direct investment into the United States. SelectUSA representative in Israel Sigal Mendelovich held meetings with Israeli companies in the Cyber field to highlight the U.S. as a premier destination for market expansion and to promote the upcoming SelectUSA Investment Summit. Cybertech is the most significant conference and exhibition of cyber technologies outside the Unites States

NextGen First Responder Technologies program offers grants for joint R&D projects


  
 



The DHS and the Israel Ministry of Public Security "NextGen First Responder Technologies" program offers grants for joint R&D projects. New proposals are due by February 15, 2017. Read more… http://www.birdf.com/?CategoryID=441

Governor Charles Baker and delegation visit to Israel


  



CS Israel welcomed the Massachusetts Governor Baker and First Lady and delegation to Israel. We worked closely with the New England-Israel Business Council NEIBC to organize a successful CMR reception. MA invited over one hundred Brandeis, Harvard and MIT alumni living in Israel.

CS Israel hosts round table with the Israel Innovation Authority - IAI


 


On December 14 CS Israel hosted a round table with the Israel Innovation Authority (IIA) and NIST to discuss government programs and best practices for advancing innovation in traditional industries.  IIA briefed us on their traditional industries program and their interest in promoting R&D for those companies. NIST Associate Director for Innovation and Industry Services, Phil Singerman, described the MEP program, which has a similar mission. He also described the Manufacturing USA program and discussed how Israeli companies could participate. Ms. Singerman stated that the DOC-IIA MOU provides a  framework for cooperation between Israeli companies and specifically NIST advanced manufacturing extramural programs  - MEP and MFGUSA - and that the issue of mutual benefit can perhaps be realized through the BIRD mechanism.

CS Israel participates in 3M 20 year anniversary celebration


  



The Deputy Chief of Mission, Ms. Leslie Tsou, SCO Gregory Briscoe and CS Christina Azar attending the 20 year anniversary celebration for 3M Israel. Ms. Tsou was the key note speaker at the ceremony, addressing the great milestone 3M Israel achieved, and congratulating 3M for maintaining a global competitiveness, by their ongoing collaboration between US and Israeli companies. Among the guests were 3M’s business partners, local distributors and employees

Rhode Island Trade Mission to Israel 2016


 

CS Israel welcomed the Rhode Island trade mission to Israel consisting of state officials, private business firms and university reps. We worked closely with the RI Commerce Corporation and Nevel International Ltd to setup B2B mtgs for the companies, organize a Country Market Briefing given by USCS, ECON and POL and a successful DCMR networking reception hosted by DCM Tsou

Smart City World Congress in Barcelona
  


 

Commercial Specialist Christina Azar attended the Smart City World Congress in Barcelona, November 15 -17, 2016, organized by FIRA. CS Azar joined CS colleagues from Europe, HQ and the Domestic Field participated in 29 Global Chats, and had meetings with cities, utilities, and exhibiting companies. Months before the Smart City World Congress, CS Azar partnered with a local FIRA representative, who recruited over 130 people to attend the show, among them were Mayors, municipal CIO and private companies. CS Azar offered an added value service to Israeli companies would like to meet with US representatives.

Luncheon to Promote Travel And Tourism from Israel


 
 


EDMO CEO Gordon Haas gives the city key to Ms. Yael Barzilay, Commercial Director, United Airlines Israel, at a luncheon presentation, organized by CS Israel Yael Torres. United hosted the luncheon to promoted travel and tourism from Israel to Elizabeth.

CS Israel leads buyers delegation to IPW 


 
 


CS Israel Commercial Specialist Yael Torres led a buyers' and travel media delegation to International Pow Wow, June 18-22, 2016 in New Orleans, where Israeli buyers collectively had over 250 business meetings, focusing on existing and new U.S. suppliers. Commercial Specialist Yael Torres met U.S. suppliers to discuss market opportunities, CS services and programs that can help raise the consumer awareness to respective destination profiles. Arrivals of Israeli residents into the United States in 2015 totaled 402,000, a 13% increase from 2014.

SelectUSA Summit 2016


 
 



On June 20, 2016, U.S. Ambassador to Israel Daniel Shapiro led a delegation of 20 Israeli companies, comprising 37 delegates, to the SelectUSA Investment Summit in Washington DC. All are interested in establishing or expanding a presence in the United States. In addition, the Israeli Embassy in DC, Ambassador Ron Dermer, hosted a reception for the Israel delegation at the U.S. capitol hill, inviting members of congress, senators and American companies to network with the group. The delegation comprised of leading Israeli companies such as Teva Pharmaceuticals, ICL, Haifa Chemicals, Caesar Stone, Mobileye, Lumenis and more.

InfoComm16


 
 

Along with USG representatives from State, Treasury, OPIC, USDA, USTR, and USAID, DUS Ken Hyatt led Commerce discussions at the launching of first U.S.-Palestinian Economic Dialogue (USPED), which was held in the West Bank on May 22, 2015. During the first session, DUS Hyatt gave opening remarks along with State's A/S Rivkin and Palestinian Minister of National Economy Ms. Abeer Odeh.  During the other sessions, DUS Hyatt discussed Commerce’s capacity building engagements, IBP enhancement plans, and standards-related activities in the West Bank.  In addition, he suggested establishing a Trade Working Group with representatives from Commerce, USTR, and USAID.  Around seven Palestinian Ministers and several Palestinian DGs participated in the discussions, along with Naomi Wiegler, Gregory Briscoe, and Assad Barsoum from ITA.

Smart City Reception


 

Along with USG representatives from State, Treasury, OPIC, USDA, USTR, and USAID, DUS Ken Hyatt led Commerce discussions at the launching of first U.S.-Palestinian Economic Dialogue (USPED), which was held in the West Bank on May 22, 2015. During the first session, DUS Hyatt gave opening remarks along with State's A/S Rivkin and Palestinian Minister of National Economy Ms. Abeer Odeh.  During the other sessions, DUS Hyatt discussed Commerce’s capacity building engagements, IBP enhancement plans, and standards-related activities in the West Bank.  In addition, he suggested establishing a Trade Working Group with representatives from Commerce, USTR, and USAID.  Around seven Palestinian Ministers and several Palestinian DGs participated in the discussions, along with Naomi Wiegler, Gregory Briscoe, and Assad Barsoum from ITA.

DUS Ken Hyatt Leads Commerce at the First U.S.-Palestinian Economic Dialogue


 

Along with USG representatives from State, Treasury, OPIC, USDA, USTR, and USAID, DUS Ken Hyatt led Commerce discussions at the launching of first U.S.-Palestinian Economic Dialogue (USPED), which was held in the West Bank on May 22, 2015. During the first session, DUS Hyatt gave opening remarks along with State's A/S Rivkin and Palestinian Minister of National Economy Ms. Abeer Odeh.  During the other sessions, DUS Hyatt discussed Commerce’s capacity building engagements, IBP enhancement plans, and standards-related activities in the West Bank.  In addition, he suggested establishing a Trade Working Group with representatives from Commerce, USTR, and USAID.  Around seven Palestinian Ministers and several Palestinian DGs participated in the discussions, along with Naomi Wiegler, Gregory Briscoe, and Assad Barsoum from ITA.

DUS Hyatt Meeting Israeli Water Innovation Companies


 
 


DUS Hyatt met Israeli water technologies companies to learn about their innovations and discuss ways to connect them to American companies. He provided an overview of how the Department of Commerce promotes innovation and entrepreneurship and how we work with individual states. Israeli companies discussed the challenges they face and suggested setting up a US National Water Innovation Demo Site as a launch pad for innovation and entrepreneurship in this sector. Israel is recognized as a global leader in developing innovative and breakthrough technologies to manage scarce water resources. These solutions include drip irrigation, desalination, water reclamation and purification and improved management and flow control methods. Israel recycles more than 80 percent of its wastewater for agricultural use. Israel also leads in desalination with five plants that produce 600 million cubic meters of water annually. Israel shares its experience with many countries, including China, India, and the United States.

DUS Hyatt Networking with US and Israeli participants at Biomed 


 

As part of DUS Hyatt visit to Israel, he attended the Biomed Israel Conference Gala Reception to network with Israeli and U.S. guests, government officials, companies and investors. Israel is recognized as a global leader in developing innovative and breakthrough healthcare technologies. These solutions include biotech/pharmaceutical, medical devices, health IT, and digital health. The Israeli government has established national programs to support R&D and commercialization. During the last decade the Office of the Chief Scientist has invested more than $100 million annually in the life sciences sector via its programs. During his visit, DUS Hyatt signed an MOU with the Chief Scientist to promote US-Israel exchange of innovation and entrepreneurship, including in the biomed sector.

DUS Hyatt visits Israel and signs MOU with Chief Scientist of Israel


 


Deputy Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade Ken Hyatt returned to Israel on May 22nd-25th to participate in the U.S.-Israel Joint Economic Development Group (JEDG) meetings. At the JEDG he signed a Joint Innovation MOU with the Chief Scientist of Israel. He also participated in cybertech and watertech roundtables, met with Noble Energy and with the U.S. Ambassador and attended a networking reception at the Israel Biomed conference.

Amb Shapiro hosts pre-summit breakfast briefing for Israel delegation to the SelectUSA Summit


 

Last week, Ambassador Shapiro hosted a successful pre-summit breakfast briefing on Wednesday meeting the 30 delegated attending the summit in June. The Israel group is an incredibly impressive delegation, by both the quality of the delegation and its diversity , comprising small, medium, and large companies, those with varying degrees of presence in the US, and representing a wide array of sectors, including chemicals, pharmaceuticals, IT, food and beverage, water technology, engineering, and more.

CS Israel visit Cisco Israel


 

On March 10th, SCO Greg Briscoe and CS Christina Azar visited Cisco Israel’s offices in Netanya. Country Manager, Mr. Oren Sagi and Mr. Roi Hermoni, Business Development Manager provided a general overview of the Cisco’s activities in Israel, with 1400 employees focusing on R&D and 1000 focusing on sales. Cisco is one of the most influential U.S. companies in Israel promoting coexistence through employing minority groups within Israel and creating job opportunities in the Palestinian market 

CS Israel Clarifies Product Registration Issue


 

Colorado Serum Company is a USDA-licensed and regulated manufacturer of veterinary biologics. The company has an exclusive rep in Israel, however, in recent years, the Israeli Veterinary Service denied all new license requests, stating that the Israeli rep submitted insufficient product information that does not comply with the Israeli regulations and guidelines. On March 8, Deputy SCO Rebecca Torres and ComSpec Yael Torres met the Animal Drug Officer at the Vet Services, Israel Ministry of Agriculture to discuss the market access situation. While the Israeli rep claims he has been providing to the Vet Services all the information they required, it became clear to us at this meeting that he has not been submitting the correct files to the Vet Services. We conveyed our findings our contact at Colorado Serum who said she will now be putting together the required data. We anticipate that Colorado will be able to obtain the relevant licenses and enter the Israeli market with all their USDA-licensed products. 

SelectUSA Investment Summit 2016


 


Interested in investing in the U.S.? The third annual SelectUSA Investment Summit is happening in June of this year. Israeli companies interested in doing business in the U.S. can meet official representatives from all 50 states, federal officials, and key economic development leaders in an effort to expand to/in the U.S. We only have 20 slots available on our delegation and only 12 slots left. Act fast and contact us for more information.

CS Israel Welcomes AMCHAM EU 


 
 


DSCO Rebecca Torres welcomed the Executive Director and Chairman of AMCHAMS in Europe, Mr. Patrick Mikkelsen.  The meeting touched on the state of trade between the U.S. and Israel as well as an update of the global structure of AMCHAMs.  In addition, standards and trade barriers were discussed as well as perception of Israel-EU ties.

Integrated Systems Europe (ISE) Trade Show in Amsterdam 


 
 


February 9-12, 2016 over 64,000 experts and public and private business leaders from the audio and visual industry attended the Integrated System Europe (ISE) Trade show in Amsterdam, Netherlands. Seven commercial specialists from the EMEA region were there to support the 110 U.S. Companies that exhibited at the show. CS Azar was one of the team members at ISE who participated in global chat program and onsite counselling sessions.

SelectUSA Deputy Executive Director Peggy Philbin's Successful Visit to Israel  


 



Deputy Executive Director Ms. Peggy Philbin visited Israel and was keynote speaker at the SelectUSA-IVC High Tech Seminar on "Expanding Your Business into the U.S. Market", in Tel Aviv.   Ambassador Shapiro also attended the Seminar gave welcome remarks and talked about the strong U.S.-Israel relationship that shared the culture of innovation and entrepreneurship. Ms. Philbin gave a presentation on the SelectUSA program and talked about the upcoming SelectUSA Investment Summit in WA DC. The Seminar was a great success giving companies that are looking to operate in the U.S. an opportunity to hear from professionals on legal, financial, business development, visa and financing matters.

SelectUSA’s Peggy Philbin and AMB Shapiro Visit Israeli Company Mobileye  


 

SelectUSA Deputy Executive Director Ms. Peggy Philbin and U.S. Ambassador to Israel, Daniel Shapiro visited the Isaeli company Mobileye and took a test drive in the company's autonomous car. The visit allowed both Ms. Philbin and Ambassador Shapiro to learn about Mobileye’s latest technology development and the company's expansion plans into the U.S. market. Ms. Philbin invited Mobileye to the SelectUSA Investment Summit encouraging them to join the Israel delegation.

Site Visit to Enviromental Service Company Ltd.


 
 


On January 21st, DSCO Rebecca Torres and CS Christina Azar visited Environment Service Company Ltd.  Plant in Naot Hovav industrial area Israel. The biggest hazardous waste plant in Israel, using some of the most advanced modern methods and technologies in the world, dealing with wide range of hazardous waste types including- organic, inorganic, liquid and solid. Environment Service Company (ESC) was chosen as the operational arm for the difficult task of remediating 12 contaminated lands identified by the Israeli government. CS Azar has been working with ESC to find US Companies in the field of soil remediation technology methods, and active remediation sites for ESC to visit in their trip to U.S. in mid-February.

HPE Certification to sell via FMF Program 


 
 
 



Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) has been selling information technology (IT) equipment, including servers, networking, software and maintenance services to the Government of Israel through Direct Commercial Contracts (DCC) with the benefit of Foreign Military Financing (FMF). After several years of routinely approving HPE’s DCC sales, the Defense Security Cooperation Agency (DSCA) did not authorize HPE to complete such sales, due to a new guideline that was issued. This had an immediate impact on HPE (and many other American companies), with implications for current GoI contracts, as well as future sales. HPE Israel contacted CS Tel Aviv, Israel to seek help and express the frustration this is causing HPE Israel. SCO Greg Briscoe, DSCO Rebecca Torres and CS Christina Azar relayed the message to the Embassy’s Management and DSCA representative in the embassy and the desk officer within ITA. After continues communications, DSCA decided to formally retract their rule change, and will work with HPE and industry on DSCA new guidelines. On January 7th, 2016 HPE Israel informed CS Azar that HPE received a certification to sell via FMF program.

Welcoming Briefing for U.S. Firms attending CyberTech 2016


 
 


On January 25th, CS Israel and Ambassador Shapiro hosted a welcoming briefing for all U.S. firms attending CyberTech 2016. The briefing included welcoming remarks by Ambassador Shapiro, presentations by both SCO Greg Briscoe on the Israeli Commercial market and Economic Counselor Jonathan Shrier on the Economic market in Israel. Mr. Yossi Vardi, Chairman of CyberTech Conference and Exhibition was the key speaker providing an overview of the Cyber Industry. A total of 50 guests attended the U.S. Embassy Briefing; guests were visiting Israel as part of official delegations from Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, North Dakota and Virginia.

CS Israel at CyberTech 2016


 
 


CyberTech 2016, one of the largest Cyber trade shows attracting hundreds of delegations from around the world, among them seven official state trade missions from across the United States including groups from Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, North Dakota, Virginia, Massachusetts and South Carolina. CS Christina Azar arranged for Ambassador Shapiro to be a key note speaker at the opening plenary of CyberTech, along with the Prime Minister of Israel, Benyamin Netanyahu, Minister Marina Kaljurand, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Estonia and many other executive speakers.  In addition, Ambassador Shapiro did a walkthrough of the exhibition meeting with Israeli and American companies exhibiting at CyberTech and visited CS Israel booth as well, where CS Israel were promoting the CS services and SelectUSA program.

CS Israel Supports Launch of the Israel Chapter of the American Society of Civil


 
 


CS Tel Aviv recruited and led a 161-member delegation to the CES 2016, which was held from January 6-9, 2016, in Las Vegas.  Delegates led by Commercial Specialist Christina Azar. At the event, the CS ICT team arranged Show Time meetings, a session with the CES organizer, and a matchmaking reception.    CS Azar counseled 14 U.S. companies during Show Time and attended the Europe Team’s cyber security meeting, to learn about the possible joint activities.  CS Azar will follow-up with the Israeli delegation and will offer assistance as needed.

CS Israel Supports Launch of the Israel Chapter of the American Society of Civil


 
 


On December 21, Senior Commercial Specialist Alan Wielunski was the guest speaker at the inaugural meeting of the Israel Chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers (AMSCE). Wielunski spoke about the opportunities for the organization to develop bi-lateral technical exchange programs, promote public tenders to U.S. companies and to ensure that these companies are guaranteed an even playing field.​

CS Tel Aviv Joins FAA to Survey Israeli Aviation Innovation


 
 

FAA Administrator Michael Huerta visited Israel this week to follow up on working-level technical discussions between the FAA and the Civil Aviation Authority of Israel (CAAI) and to get a firsthand look at Israeli aviation industry innovations. Civil aviation is today bringing Americans and Israelis together in unprecedented numbers, as evidenced by new routes, increasing trade and investment, and new technological endeavors between our private sectors.  Israeli and U.S. companies like Israel Aerospace Industries, Boeing, and Gulfstream are doing pioneering work together in civil aviation manufacturing, and SCO Greg Briscoe joined the Administrator for meetings with local firms to encourage tie-ups with U.S. companies and investment back into the United States.

CS Tel Aviv Visits Cyber Cluster in Beer Sheva


 

SCO Greg Briscoe and DSCO Rebecca Torres accompanied a delegation of BIRD (Israel-U.S. Bi-national Industrial Research and Development) Foundation members from Israel and the U.S. to visit grantees in the Beer Sheva region of Israel.  Beer Sheva hosts an ecosystem of military, academia, startup companies and incubator/accelerators that focus on the cyber security sector.  Visits were made to CyberSpark (an NGO accelerator) as well as U.S. and Israeli companies. This region is of particular interest from an innovation partnering perspective; whereby U.S. companies could partner with cutting edge cyber company start-ups in order to expand their product offering.  In addition, this region could be of interest from a SelectUSA perspective, as some of these companies may be contemplating establishing themselves in the U.S.​

Israel Soil Remediation Webinar


 
 

On December 16, 2015 CS Tel Aviv hosted a webinar on the ‘Clean & Build’ project in Israel highlighting the business opportunities for the U.S. companies in the field of Soil Remediation. The Israeli government has identified 12 contaminated lands of which they plan to remediate and build approximately 70,000 housing units in order to help alleviate the housing crisis in Israel. Environment Service Company (ESC) was chosen as the operational arm for the task of remediating the land. ESC is a government company under the auspices of the Ministry of Environmental Protection. ESC is tasked to manage the tender process for the job, as well as surveys, samplings, and supervision and control. ESC is seeking U.S. companies with proven technologies in remediation for the military industry. As key speakers we invited Dr. Gilad Golub, CEO and Mr. Avi Haim, Head of the division of Waste Water, Contaminated Soil and Fuel in the Israel Ministry of Environmental Protection to give an overview on the current situation, plans for implementation, timeline and technologies ESC is seeking and ESC’s plan to have a roadshow to the U.S. to meet with possible U.S. Companies with proven technologies. 24 participants attend the webinar.

Israel-US Industrial Research & Development


 

SCO Greg Briscoe and ComSpec Yael Torres met the founders and CEO of Genome Compiler, an Israeli team of biologists and software engineers who had recently partnered with Amyris, Inc.- an Emeryville and Los Altos, CA industrial bioscience company to integrate Amyris automated lab services with Genome Compiler's online design tools and e-commerce platform. This collaboration would provide fully integrated platform for companies and others seeking to pursue synthetic biology solutions. This joint project between Amyris and Genome Compiler has been funded in part by a grant from the Binational Industrial Research and Development Foundation (BIRD), a U.S.-Israeli partnership between private sectors to expand private high-tech industries. A BIRD team as well as NIST Innovation and Industry Services Associate Director and Genome Compiler’s investors were also in attendance.

CS Israel Participates in the Digital Health Israel Conference


 

CS Israel attended the Digital Health Israel Conference on December 8 in Tel Aviv and met the US speakers from Henry Ford Innovation Institute, IBM Watson Health, Intel Corporation, Walmart, Intel, Pfizer, 23andMe and others, who spoke about current industry trends and the programs they support.  US enterprises are looking for digital health innovations and they offer to test and clinically validate new solutions. The US healthcare systems is facing significant challenges such as increased cost, aging population, increase in the prevalence of chronic diseases, empowered consumers, fragmented care, insufficient use of information and shortage of healthcare professionals. Israel is a leading innovation hub for health IT, electronic medical records, business analytics and digital health.

3M Israel Official inauguration of the new Customer Innovation Center


 

On December 6th, 3M Israel officially opened their first customer innovation center in Israel.  3M Executives worldwide visited Israel to celebrate this milestone occasion. Deputy Chief of Mission of the U.S. Embassy, Mr. William Grant was the guest speaker, highlighting U.S. Government support and encouragement for more collaboration between American and Israeli companies: “We want to ensure that U.S. companies maintain their global competitiveness in this dynamic environment, and we see connections with Israeli firms as essential to fulfilling that goal” – DCM Grant quoted. SCO Greg Briscoe and Commercial Specialist Christina Azar attended and facilitated the DCM’s participation for this event.

CS Israel Supports the Afifi Group’s Business Needs


 

On Wednesday, November 25, three members of CS Israel travelled to Nazareth to meet with Afifi Group executives to discuss ways and means to support the Group’s expansion and business development plans. The Group is also interested in the possibility of establishing a presence in the US through the acquisition of a local bus company.

Zanderm, LLC, Small NYC Company Expands to Israel


 

​On Nov 25-26, Zanderm LLC from Far Rockaway, NY showcased their patent-pending Vitiligo Concealer at a world class conference on pigmentary disorders in Tel Aviv. The US-made concealer got the attention of participating dermatologists, patient groups, distributors and individual patients. Zanderm is the only professional-use concealer/camouflage available for people with Vitiligo – a disease that causes the loss of skin color in blotches.  Zanderm is client of the NYC EAC and CS Israel. We assisted Zanderm with market and regulatory information. New York State subsidized their fees to attend the conference and provided the business matchmaking service. We anticipate a successful product launch in Israel in the near future.

Our Regional Director Christian Reed on Site Visits


 

​Executive Director for Middle East and Africa, Christian Reed, visited CS Israel to liaise with USG partners at the Embassy, engage with CS staff, and get a firsthand view of the opportunities the Israeli market offers U.S. firms.  After a morning of “in house” meetings where he reaffirmed USCS commitment to Embassy strategic plans and emphasized USCS HQ’s dedication to the welfare of CS Israel staff, EDMEA Reed ventured out to Herzliya, Israel’s “Silicon Valley,” to meet with two successful American multinationals operating in Israel.  3M and General Motors (GM) both have established a connection with the Israeli Innovation ecosystem and have created R&D centers in Israel to enhance and develop their company’s products and services worldwide.  Mr. Jonathan Pantanowitz, Managing Director of 3M Israel discussed his vision of creating a bigger innovation center for 3M in Israel to enable and increase access to Israeli technology that can benefit 3M and expand the firm’s export profile on a global basis.  Director of GM Israel, Mr. Gil Golan shared his experience working with the Israeli Government when he first established GM’s offices and making GM the first auto firm to operate an automotive innovation center in Israel.

Touting Fairfax County’s Cybersecurity Opportunities


 

​Senior Commercial Officer Greg Briscoe headlined Fairfax County’s business roundtable event to attract innovative Israeli cybersecurity firms to set up shop in the strategically located DC suburb.  Greg joined with experts from U.S. and Israeli technology firms and service providers to provide the 40+ Israeli firms attending the event with the latest information on the U.S. market, how to establish a presence, and the assistance offered at both the federal and local government levels.  Greg also made a push for the June 2016 SelectUSA Investment Summit, encouraging the attendees to join the Israel delegation.

Removing Technical Barriers to Trade through Education


 

​CS Israel has over the years taken advantage of the State Department’s IVLP-on- Demand program to send senior Government of Israel officials to learn how the U.S. regulatory system functions in order to reduce technical barriers to trade. This is especially relevant in a market that is heavily geared towards the EU.
One such example was the recent visit to the States of the Deputy Director General of the Ministry of Transportation & Road Safety. During his debrief, he mentioned how the visit gave him a better perspective of how to develop a simpler regulatory framework which is more consumer driven. Another immediate outcome is discussions with NHTSA in the area of vehicle headlights, which will result in an increase of exports of additional models based on the U.S homologation system.

Boeing - El Al in Tel Aviv



 

Ambassador Shapiro highlighted strong U.S.-Israel relations as he observed and applauded the official signing of a $34 billion acquisition of Boeing 787 Dreamliners by EL AL Israel Airlines on October 29, 2015.  EL AL celebrated the day with a morning signing ceremony and an evening reception at which the Ambassador toasted the partnership along with Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO Ray Conner and EL AL CEO David Maimon.  This latest acquisition, the largest in EL AL’s history, is the culmination of a long negotiation in which Boeing beat out its European rival, Airbus, and a good example of “soft” advocacy by the U.S. Embassy.  SCO Greg Briscoe was in daily contact with Boeing to coordinate a delicate USG approach with EL AL as the Israeli airline came to its final decision

Meeting with ReMax Israel



 

​On October 29, DSCO Rebecca Torres and Commercial Specialist Christina Azar met with the Israeli Master Franchisee of ReMax, Mr. Bernard Raskin. ReMax Israel has offices throughout the entire state of Israel, with nearly over one thousand ReMax agents. Mr. Raskin has been the master franchisee of ReMax Israel for the past 31 years and has developed and maintained his business according to ReMax International ethics and principles which was the key of ReMax Israel’s success in Israel.  

Business Outreach in the City of Nazareth



 

​CS Tel Aviv organized business outreach day in the city of Nazareth, the largest city in the North District of Israel, populated mainly by Arab citizens of Israel. The day included a roundtable hosted by the Nazareth Business Incubator, site visit of the Nazareth Industrial Park and a courtesy meeting with the one of the leading trading companies in Nazareth, Afifi Group.  SCO Greg Briscoe, DSCO Rebecca Torres and Commercial Specialist Christina Azar who participated in this outreach program, used this opportunity to promote CS Tel Aviv events and activities and to learn about the commercial and business developments happening in the city of Nazareth.  

CS Specialist Christina Azar Attended Smart City Conference, Israel





​On October 27, Commercial Specialist Christina Azar attend the Smart City Conference in Herzliya, organized by the hi-tech training company, Logtel Computer Communication Ltd. Conference speakers discussed Israel’s  position and direction of  having more smart cities and  the importance of integrating more smart cities concepts and technologies in local cities.  Among the speakers were government officials and number of international companies who shared their new technology solutions. Christina used this opportunity to meet new business contacts and to increase the knowledge of Israel’s smart city initiative

Ensuring a Leveled Playing Field for US Products




We had brought to the attention of Colorado Gov Hickenlooper, a serious market access issue that has been affecting the ability of a Colorado manufacturer to do business in Israel. Gov Hickenlooper is in Israel as part of a multi-market trade and investment mission. On 10-19 Governor Hickenlooper raised the issue with Israel’s Prime Minister Netanyahu who then called upon his cabinet member, Minister of Agriculture, to get involved to offer a resolution: Colorado Serum Company (CSC) is a Denver, CO-based, fourth generation family-owned, USDA licensed animal vaccine manufacturer, in business since 1923.  Until late 2013, CSC sold its farm animal vaccines in Israel with great success. Recently, CS Israel learned that the Israeli Veterinary Services have rejected all CSC’s new vaccine license requests claiming that the registration request files did not provide required information. Commercial Specialist Yael Torres inquired with the Veterinary Services and revealed that there are no official regulatory standards in place for registering animal vaccines, hindering CSC from doing business in Israel.  CS Israel will continue monitoring the regulatory issue to ensure a leveled playing field for CSC.​

ITS World Congress, Bordeaux






From October 5-9, over 10,000 international ITS experts, professionals, public and private sector leaders, academics, researchers, engineers and students, representing all corners of the ITS industry, gathered at the 22nd ITS World Congress in Bordeaux, France. The U.S. Commercial Service’s E-Mobility Team members were there to support the 19 US companies that participated at the show by organizing BTB meetings and onsite counseling sessions ​

U.S. Presence at Israel's Water Tech Week





CS Tel Aviv delivered commercial overview briefings and attended meetings with over 50 US State government, Mayors, companies and researchers who are in Israel this week (October 11-15) to keynote speak, exhibit and meet counterparts from Israel's Water Technologies sector. US visitors include Arizona Governor Doug Ducey; Florida Commissioner of Agriculture Adam Putnam; Ohio Mayors; state representatives and companies from Illinois, New Mexico, North Carolina, Arizona and New York. We also attended the MOU signing ceremony between the New York City Department of Environmental Protection and the Jerusalem Regional Water and Wastewater Utility regarding critical infrastructure cyber defense collaboration. In 2014 Israel achieved water independence trhu wastewater recycling and desalination.  Israel is considered world-leader in water technologies, including recycling, desalination, irrigation, management, filtration and cyber security. ​

Meeting with eCommerce Executive Forum


 

In preparation for the Discover Global eCommerce Strategies event taking place on October 8 -9, 2015 in Dallas, Texas. Deputy Commercial Officer, Rebecca Torres and Commercial Specialist Christina Azar met with the CEO of the Israeli E-Commerce Executive Forum who provided a detailed overview of the Israeli eCommerce industry and discussed the opportunities and challenges for American companies to expand via eCommerce in Israel.​

CS Tel Aviv Hosted a Franchise Discussion


 

On September 3rd, CS Tel Aviv hosted a franchise discussion roundtable at the Sheraton Tel Aviv Hotel, sponsored by the Israel franchise Institute. The purpose of the event was to discuss ways to improve the franchise industry in Israel; hence, we invited two top U.S. speakers, Mr. Bachir Mihoubi, Founder & Managing Director of Fran Cousnel Group and Mr. Mark Kirsch, Principle of Gray Plant Mooty. Both speakers shared their knowledge of experience in franchise ethics and legislation. As a result of this discussion, the Israel franchise Institute along with key franchise business leaders in Israel has formed a committee to establish a Franchise Association in Israel

Governor of TN led a delegation of 30 to Israel Aug 30-Sep 3


 

Tennessee Governor Bill Haslam led a trade mission to Israel from August 30 to September 3, 2015 focused on the theme of “innovation”. The delegation of 30 was built of state government, business and academic leaders. CS Tel Aviv, in cooperation with the Tennessee Department of Economic and Community Development and CONEXX, the America Israel Business Connector - worked closely to arrange a successful networking reception at the Ambassador’s Residence. The mission provided an opportunity for the Governor and the TN delegation to strengthen Israel and Tennessee's commercial ties and develop new relationships to increase trade, foreign direct investment (SelectUSA) and R&D collaboration

CS Israel Facilitates First of Its Kind US-Israel Standards Workshop


 

On September 7-8, technical experts from three major US Standard Development Organizations (SDOs) -NEMA, UL, ASTM and representative from Mattel toy company, met in Israel with members of the Standards Institution of Israel (SII) and relevant technical committee members, for a two-day workshop organized by CS Israel and ITA/IA as part of the bi-lateral standards dialogue for the removal of remaining technical barriers to trade that disadvantage American companies from doing business in Israel. Recent changes in Israel’s standards law mean Israel is revising its 500 mandatory standards to be more favorable to US goods.  ITA worked with U.S.-domiciled SDOs to identify U.S. or international standards for 189 of 220 standards Israel requested.  There are technical issues to be addressed with the remaining standards and virtually all relate to standards developed by the SDOs that participated. The successful workshop opened up a direct line of communication between the sides in an effort to preempt any issues that might arise during the standards development process and to provide the Israelis with a better understanding of the US standards regime.

US-Israel Innovation & Best Practices in Health Discussion


 


On August 13, CS Israel and ECON officers met Government of Israel officials from the Ministry of Health and Ministry of Finance to review the upcoming Joint Economic Development Group (JEDG) agenda item - Innovation and Best Practices in Health - a Government of Israel initiative to foster knowledge share and R&D partnerships between the 2 countries' healthcare systems. The Government of Israel's priority areas for partnership are disease management, big data analysis and digital health.  Both sides have agreed to include the US Health & Human Services (HHS) to the JEDG meeting, October 13 in Washington DC, to set the stage for a binational dialog and partnership plan.  CS offered support in way of commercial partnerships

Check out our past activities…
__________________________________________________
Our Commercial Specialists can provide you with Trade Counseling, Market Intelligence and can help you identify your local trade partner.
If you are an Israeli company interested in doing business with an American firm visit www.buyusa.gov/israel. 


 




 
 





Our Global Network at Work






Find your next export market in the International Trade Administration's Top Markets Series reports.
See the list of newly announced 2017 International Buyer Program trade shows.
 











Upcoming Events

Bio San Diego June 19-22, 2017
WATEC Israel September 12-14, 2017











 
 

 
Print
				               				|
											Last Updated: 7/26/17 3:38 AM








How To Export

eCommerce
Export Education
Finding Foreign Markets
Legal Considerations
Logistics
Financial Considerations
Product Preparation

Customized Services

Services for U.S. Exporters
Plan and Assess
Promote and Expand
Locations



Market Intelligence

Find Market Intelligence
Export Guides
Trade Leads
Trade Data & Analysis

Events

Events and Trade Missions
Webinars

Trade Problems

Get Help with Trade Problems
Report a Foreign Trade Barrier
Foreign Trade Remedies
Foreign Safeguard Activity Involving U.S. Exports
U.S. Products Subject to AD/CVD Measures



FAQs
Boards
About Us

International Trade Administration
Federal Trade Partners
Programs for Trade Promotion Partners
Trade Initiatives
Contact Us
Social Media





Submit Feedback
				    |
				    Contact Us 
				    |
					Social Media
				    |
					Privacy Policy
					|
					FOIA					
				    |
				    Disclaimer
				    |
				    About Us
				    |				    
				    USA.gov

				    |
               		Download Adobe Reader









  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  Export.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website  disclaimer statement.



  Notice to Visitors! 

  The link you have chosen will take you to a non-U.S. Government website. 
  If the page does not appear in 5 seconds, please click this: outside web site
  BuyUSA.gov is managed by the International Trade Administration and
external links are covered by its website disclaimer statement.










Israel - Wikipedia




















 







Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Isreal)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see Israel (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35


State of Israel



מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל (Hebrew)
دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل (Arabic)










Flag



Emblem






Anthem: "Hatikvah" (Hebrew for "The Hope")




















Capital
and largest city
Jerusalem (internationally unrecognized)
31°47′N 35°13′E﻿ / ﻿31.783°N 35.217°E﻿ / 31.783; 35.217


Official languages



Hebrew
Arabic





Ethnic groups (2016)



74.8% Jewish
20.8% Arab
4.4% other[1]





Religion



74.8% Jewish
17.6% Muslim
2% Christian
1.6% Druze
4% other[2]





Demonym
Israeli


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Reuven Rivlin



• Prime Minister

Benjamin Netanyahu


Legislature
Knesset


Independence



• Declared

14 May 1948



• Admission to UNO

11 May 1949


Area



• Total

20,770–22,072 km2 (8,019–8,522 sq mi)[a] (149th)



• Water

440 km2 (170 sq mi)



• Water (%)

2.1


Population



• 2017 estimate

8,721,580[3] (98th)



• 2008 census

7,412,200[4]



• Density

392/km2 (1,015.3/sq mi) (34th)


GDP (PPP)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$316.120 billion (54th)



• Per capita

$36,379 (34th)


GDP (nominal)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$339.990 billion (34th)



• Per capita

$39,126 (24th)


Gini (2013)
42.8[6]
medium


HDI (2015)
 0.899[7]
very high · 19th


Currency
New shekel (₪‎) (ILS)


Time zone
IST (UTC+2)



• Summer (DST)

IDT (UTC+3)


Date format



אא-בב-גגגג (AM)‎
dd-mm-yyyy (CE)





Drives on the
right


Calling code
+972


ISO 3166 code
IL


Internet TLD
.il
.ישראל‎



Website
www.israel.org






^ 20,770 is Israel within the Green Line. 22,072 includes the annexed Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.








This article contains Hebrew and Arabic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols.


Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎‎), officially the State of Israel, is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[8] to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[2][9] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv,[10] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[note 1][11][12]
In 1947, the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem.[13] The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.[14][15] Next year, the Jewish Agency declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16] Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states,[17] in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank, Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip (still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement).[note 2] It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, but not the West Bank.[18][19][20][21] Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.[note 2][23] Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace. However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,721,580 people.[3] It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish. The country's second largest group of citizens are Arabs, at 20.8% (including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs).[1] The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims, including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins; the rest are Christians and Druze. Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans. Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia,[24] including illegal migrants from Sudan, Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state.[25] Israel is a representative democracy[26] with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage.[27][28] The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member,[29] with the 34th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2016[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree.[30] The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East,[7] and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.[31]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 Antiquity
2.3 Classical period
2.4 Middle Ages and modern history
2.5 Zionism and British mandate
2.6 After World War II
2.7 Early years of the State of Israel
2.8 Further conflict and peace process


3 Geography and environment

3.1 Tectonics and seismicity
3.2 Climate


4 Demographics

4.1 Major urban areas
4.2 Language
4.3 Religion
4.4 Education


5 Politics

5.1 Legal system
5.2 Administrative divisions
5.3 Israeli-occupied territories
5.4 Foreign relations
5.5 International humanitarian efforts
5.6 Military


6 Economy

6.1 Science and technology
6.2 Transportation
6.3 Tourism
6.4 Energy


7 Culture

7.1 Literature
7.2 Music and dance
7.3 Cinema and theatre
7.4 Media
7.5 Museums
7.6 Cuisine
7.7 Sports


8 See also
9 Notes
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



 Etymology




The Merneptah Stele (13th century BCE). The majority of biblical archeologists translate a set of hieroglyphs as "Israel," the first instance of the name in the record.


Upon independence in 1948, the country formally adopted the name "State of Israel" (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎  Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل‎‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]) after other proposed historical and religious names including Eretz Israel ("the Land of Israel"), Zion, and Judea, were considered and rejected.[32] In the early weeks of independence, the government chose the term "Israeli" to denote a citizen of Israel, with the formal announcement made by Minister of Foreign Affairs Moshe Sharett.[33]
The names Land of Israel and Children of Israel have historically been used to refer to the biblical Kingdom of Israel and the entire Jewish people respectively.[34] The name "Israel" (Standard Yisraʾel, Isrāʾīl; Septuagint Greek: Ἰσραήλ Israēl; 'El(God) persists/rules', though after Hosea 12:4 often interpreted as "struggle with God")[35][36][37][38] in these phrases refers to the patriarch Jacob who, according to the Hebrew Bible, was given the name after he successfully wrestled with the angel of the Lord.[39] Jacob's twelve sons became the ancestors of the Israelites, also known as the Twelve Tribes of Israel or Children of Israel. Jacob and his sons had lived in Canaan but were forced by famine to go into Egypt for four generations, lasting 430 years,[40] until Moses, a great-great grandson of Jacob,[41] led the Israelites back into Canaan during the "Exodus". The earliest known archaeological artifact to mention the word "Israel" as a collective is the Merneptah Stele of ancient Egypt (dated to the late 13th century BCE).[42]
The area is also known as the Holy Land, being holy for all Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith. From 1920, the whole region was known as Palestine (under British Mandate)[note 3] until the Israeli Declaration of Independence of 1948.[43] Through the centuries, the territory was known by a variety of other names, including Canaan, Djahy, Samaria, Judea, Yehud, Iudaea, Coele-Syria, Syria Palaestina and Southern Syria.
History
Main article: History of Israel
Prehistory
Further information: Prehistory of the Levant
The oldest evidence of early humans in the territory of modern Israel, dating to 1.5 million years ago, was found in Ubeidiya near the Sea of Galilee.[44] Other notable Paleolithic sites include caves Tabun, Qesem and Manot. The oldest fossils of anatomically modern humans found outside Africa are the Skhul and Qafzeh hominins, who lived in the area that is now northern Israel 120,000 years ago.[45] Around 10th millennium BCE, the Natufian culture existed in the area.[46]
Antiquity
Main article: History of ancient Israel and Judah
Further information: Israelites, Kingdom of Israel (Samaria), and Kingdom of Judah




The Large Stone Structure, archaeological site of ancient Jerusalem


The early history of the territory is unclear.[47]:104 Modern archaeology has largely discarded the historicity of the narrative in the Torah concerning the patriarchs, The Exodus, and the conquest described in the Book of Joshua, and instead views the narrative as constituting the Israelites' inspiring national myth.[48] Ancestors of the Israelites may have included ancient Semitic-speaking peoples native to Canaan.[49]:78–9 The archaeological evidence indicates a society of village-like centres, but with more limited resources and a small population.[50] Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400,[51][52] which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient;[53] economic interchange was prevalent.[54] Writing was known and available for recording, even in small sites.[55] The Israelites and their culture, according to the modern archaeological account, did not overtake the region by force, but instead branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatristic—and later monotheistic—religion centered on Yahweh. The growth of Yahweh-centric belief, along with a number of cultic practices, gradually gave rise to a distinct Israelite ethnic group, setting them apart from other Canaanites.[56][57][58][59][60][61]




Map of Israel and Judah in the 9th century BCE


While it is unclear if there was ever a United Monarchy,[62][47][63][64] there is well accepted archeological evidence referring to "Israel" in the Merneptah Stele which dates to about 1200 BCE;[65][66][67] and the Canaanites are archeologically attested in the Middle Bronze Age.[68][69] There is debate about the earliest existence of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah and their extent and power, but historians agree that a Kingdom of Israel existed by ca. 900 BCE[47]:169–195[63][64] and that a Kingdom of Judah existed by ca. 700 BCE.[70] The Kingdom of Israel was destroyed around 720 BCE, when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire.[71]
In 586 BCE, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon conquered Judah. According to the Hebrew Bible, he destroyed Solomon's Temple and exiled the Jews to Babylon. The defeat was also recorded in the Babylonian Chronicles.[72][73] The Babylonian exile ended around 538 BCE under the rule of the Persian Cyrus the Great after he captured Babylon.[74][75] The Second Temple was constructed around 520 BCE.[74] As part of the Persian Empire, the former Kingdom of Judah became the province of Judah (Yehud Medinata) with different borders, covering a smaller territory.[76] The population of the province was greatly reduced from that of the kingdom, archaeological surveys showing a population of around 30,000 people in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE.[47]:308
Classical period
Main article: Second Temple period
Further information: Hasmonean dynasty, Herodian dynasty, and Jewish–Roman wars




Portion of the Temple Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls written during the Second Temple period


With successive Persian rule, the autonomous province Yehud Medinata was gradually developing back into urban society, largely dominated by Judeans. The Greek conquests largely skipped the region without any resistance or interest. Incorporated into Ptolemaic and finally Seleucid empires, the southern Levant was heavily hellenized, building the tensions between Judeans and Greeks. The conflict erupted in 167 BCE with the Maccabean Revolt, which succeeded in establishing an independent Hasmonean Kingdom in Judah, which later expanded over much of modern Israel, as the Seleucids gradually lost control in the region.




Masada fortress, location of the final battle in the First Jewish–Roman War


The Roman Empire invaded the region in 63 BCE, first taking control of Syria, and then intervening in the Hasmonean Civil War. The struggle between pro-Roman and pro-Parthian factions in Judea eventually led to the installation of Herod the Great and consolidation of the Herodian kingdom as a vassal Judean state of Rome. With the decline of the Herodian dynasty, Judea, transformed into a Roman province, became the site of a violent struggle of Jews against Greco-Romans, culminating in the Jewish–Roman wars, ending in wide-scale destruction, expulsions, and genocide. Jewish presence in the region significantly dwindled after the failure of the Bar Kokhba revolt against the Roman Empire in 132 CE.[77]
Nevertheless, there was a continuous small Jewish presence and Galilee became its religious center.[78][79] The Mishnah and part of the Talmud, central Jewish texts, were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem.[80] The region came to be populated predominantly by Greco-Romans on the coast and Samaritans in the hill-country. Christianity was gradually evolving over Roman paganism, when the area stood under Byzantine rule. Through the 5th and 6th centuries, the dramatic events of the repeated Samaritan revolts reshaped the land, with massive destruction to Byzantine Christian and Samaritan societies and a resulting decrease of the population. After the Persian conquest and the installation of a short-lived Jewish Commonwealth in 614 CE, the Byzantine Empire reconquered the country in 628.
Middle Ages and modern history
Further information: History of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages, Muslim history in Palestine, and Old Yishuv




Kfar Bar'am, an ancient Jewish village, abandoned some time between the 7th–13th centuries AD.[81]


In 634–641 CE, the region, including Jerusalem, was conquered by the Arabs who had just recently adopted Islam. Control of the region transferred between the Rashidun Caliphs, Umayyads, Abbasids, Fatimids, Seljuks, Crusaders, and Ayyubids throughout the next three centuries.[82]
During the siege of Jerusalem by the First Crusade in 1099, the Jewish inhabitants of the city fought side by side with the Fatimid garrison and the Muslim population who tried in vain to defend the city against the Crusaders. When the city fell, about 60,000 people were massacred, including 6,000 Jews seeking refuge in a synagogue.[83] At this time, a full thousand years after the fall of the Jewish state, there were Jewish communities all over the country. Fifty of them are known and include Jerusalem, Tiberias, Ramleh, Ashkelon, Caesarea, and Gaza.[84] According to Albert of Aachen, the Jewish residents of Haifa were the main fighting force of the city, and "mixed with Saracen [Fatimid] troops", they fought bravely for close to a month until forced into retreat by the Crusader fleet and land army.[85][86] However, Joshua Prawer expressed doubt over the story, noting that Albert did not attend the Crusades and that such a prominent role for the Jews is not mentioned by any other source.[87][undue weight? – discuss]




The 15th-century Abuhav synagogue, established by Sephardic Jews in Safed, Northern Israel.[88]


In 1165, Maimonides visited Jerusalem and prayed on the Temple Mount, in the "great, holy house."[89] In 1141 the Spanish-Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi issued a call for Jews to migrate to the Land of Israel, a journey he undertook himself. In 1187 Sultan Saladin, founder of the Ayyubid dynasty, defeated the Crusaders in the Battle of Hattin and subsequently captured Jerusalem and almost all of Palestine. In time, Saladin issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem,[90] and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."[91] Al-Harizi compared Saladin's decree allowing Jews to re-establish themselves in Jerusalem to the one issued by the Persian king Cyrus the Great over 1,600 years earlier.[92]
In 1211, the Jewish community in the country was strengthened by the arrival of a group headed by over 300 rabbis from France and England,[93] among them Rabbi Samson ben Abraham of Sens.[94] Nachmanides, the 13th-century Spanish rabbi and recognised leader of Jewry greatly praised the land of Israel and viewed its settlement as a positive commandment incumbent on all Jews. He wrote "If the gentiles wish to make peace, we shall make peace and leave them on clear terms; but as for the land, we shall not leave it in their hands, nor in the hands of any nation, not in any generation."[95]
In 1260, control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt.[96] The country was located between the two centres of Mamluk power, Cairo and Damascus, and only saw some development along the postal road connecting the two cities. Jerusalem, although left without the protection of any city walls since 1219, also saw a flurry of new construction projects centred around the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount. In 1266 the Mamluk Sultan Baybars converted the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron into an exclusive Islamic sanctuary and banned Christians and Jews from entering, which previously would be able to enter it for a fee. The ban remained in place until Israel took control of the building in 1967.[97][98]




Jews at the Western Wall, 1870s


In 1470, Isaac b. Meir Latif arrived from Italy and counted 150 Jewish families in Jerusalem.[99] Thanks to Joseph Saragossi who had arrived in the closing years of the 15th century, Safed and its environs had developed into the largest concentration of Jews in Palestine. With the help of the Sephardic immigration from Spain, the Jewish population had increased to 10,000 by the early 16th century.[100]
In 1516, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire; it remained under Turkish rule until the end of the First World War, when Britain defeated the Ottoman forces and set up a military administration across the former Ottoman Syria. In 1920 the territory was divided between Britain and France under the mandate system, and the British-administered area which included modern day Israel was named Mandatory Palestine.[96][101][102]
Zionism and British mandate
Further information: Zionism, Yishuv, Mandatory Palestine, and Balfour Declaration




Theodor Herzl, visionary of the Jewish state


Since the existence of the earliest Jewish diaspora, many Jews have aspired to return to "Zion" and the "Land of Israel",[103] though the amount of effort that should be spent towards such an aim was a matter of dispute.[104][105] The hopes and yearnings of Jews living in exile are an important theme of the Jewish belief system.[104] After the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, some communities settled in Palestine.[106] During the 16th century, Jewish communities struck roots in the Four Holy Cities—Jerusalem, Tiberias, Hebron, and Safed—and in 1697, Rabbi Yehuda Hachasid led a group of 1,500 Jews to Jerusalem.[107] In the second half of the 18th century, Eastern European opponents of Hasidism, known as the Perushim, settled in Palestine.[108][109][110]


"Therefore I believe that a wonderous generation of Jews will spring into existence. The Maccabaeans will rise again. Let me repeat once more my opening words: The Jews wish to have a State, and they shall have one. We shall live at last as free men on our own soil, and die peacefully in our own home. The world will be freed by our liberty, enriched by our wealth, magnified by our greatness. And whatever we attempt there to accomplish for our own welfare will react with beneficent force for the good of humanity."

Theodor Herzl (1896).  A Jewish State. Wikisource.   [scan]
The first wave of modern Jewish migration to Ottoman-ruled Palestine, known as the First Aliyah, began in 1881, as Jews fled pogroms in Eastern Europe.[111] Although the Zionist movement already existed in practice, Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl is credited with founding political Zionism,[112] a movement which sought to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel, thus offering a solution to the so-called Jewish question of the European states, in conformity with the goals and achievements of other national projects of the time.[113] In 1896, Herzl published Der Judenstaat (The Jewish State), offering his vision of a future Jewish state; the following year he presided over the First Zionist Congress.[114]
The Second Aliyah (1904–14), began after the Kishinev pogrom; some 40,000 Jews settled in Palestine, although nearly half of them left eventually.[111] Both the first and second waves of migrants were mainly Orthodox Jews,[115] although the Second Aliyah included socialist groups who established the kibbutz movement.[116] During World War I, British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour sent the Balfour Declaration of 1917 to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, that stated that Britain intended for the creation of a Jewish "national home" within the Palestinian Mandate.[117][118]
In 1918, the Jewish Legion, a group primarily of Zionist volunteers, assisted in the British conquest of Palestine.[119] Arab opposition to British rule and Jewish immigration led to the 1920 Palestine riots and the formation of a Jewish militia known as the Haganah (meaning "The Defense" in Hebrew), from which the Irgun and Lehi, or the Stern Gang, paramilitary groups later split off.[120] In 1922, the League of Nations granted Britain a mandate over Palestine under terms which included the Balfour Declaration with its promise to the Jews, and with similar provisions regarding the Arab Palestinians.[121] The population of the area at this time was predominantly Arab and Muslim, with Jews accounting for about 11%,[122] and Arab Christians at about 9.5% of the population.[123]
The Third (1919–23) and Fourth Aliyahs (1924–29) brought an additional 100,000 Jews to Palestine.[111] The rise of Nazism and the increasing persecution of Jews in 1930s Europe led to the Fifth Aliyah, with an influx of a quarter of a million Jews. This was a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–39 during which the British Mandate authorities alongside the Zionist militias of Haganah and Irgun killed 5,032 Arabs and wounded 14,760,[124][125] resulting in over ten percent of the adult male Palestinian Arab population killed, wounded, imprisoned or exiled.[126] The British introduced restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine with the White Paper of 1939. With countries around the world turning away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust, a clandestine movement known as Aliyah Bet was organized to bring Jews to Palestine.[111] By the end of World War II, the Jewish population of Palestine had increased to 33% of the total population.[127]
After World War II
Further information: Intercommunal conflict in Mandatory Palestine, United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, and Israeli Declaration of Independence
After World War II, Britain found itself in intense conflict with the Jewish community over Jewish immigration limits, as well as continued conflict with the Arab community over limit levels. The Haganah joined Irgun and Lehi in an armed struggle against British rule.[128] At the same time, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Holocaust survivors and refugees sought a new life far from their destroyed communities in Europe. The Yishuv attempted to bring these refugees to Palestine but many were turned away or rounded up and placed in detention camps in Atlit and Cyprus by the British.




UN Map, "Palestine plan of partition with economic union"


On 22 July 1946, Irgun attacked the British administrative headquarters for Palestine, which was housed in the southern wing[129] of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.[130][131][132] A total of 91 people of various nationalities were killed and 46 were injured.[133] The hotel was the site of the Secretariat of the Government of Palestine and the Headquarters of the British Armed Forces in Palestine and Transjordan.[133][134] The attack initially had the approval of the Haganah. It was conceived as a response to Operation Agatha (a series of widespread raids, including one on the Jewish Agency, conducted by the British authorities) and was the deadliest directed at the British during the Mandate era.[133][134] It was characterized as one of the "most lethal terrorist incidents of the twentieth century."[135] In 1947, the British government announced it would withdraw from Palestine, stating it was unable to arrive at a solution acceptable to both Arabs and Jews.
On 15 May 1947, the General Assembly of the newly formed United Nations resolved that the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine be created "to prepare for consideration at the next regular session of the Assembly a report on the question of Palestine."[136] In the Report of the Committee dated 3 September 1947 to the General Assembly,[137] the majority of the Committee in Chapter VI proposed a plan to replace the British Mandate with "an independent Arab State, an independent Jewish State, and the City of Jerusalem ... the last to be under an International Trusteeship System."[138] On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 181 (II) recommending the adoption and implementation of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union.[13] The plan attached to the resolution was essentially that proposed by the majority of the Committee in the report of 3 September. The Jewish Agency, which was the recognized representative of the Jewish community, accepted the plan.[14] The Arab League and Arab Higher Committee of Palestine rejected it, and indicated that they would reject any other plan of partition.[15][139] On the following day, 1 December 1947, the Arab Higher Committee proclaimed a three-day strike, and Arab gangs began attacking Jewish targets.[140] The Jews were initially on the defensive as civil war broke out, but in early April 1948 moved onto the offensive.[141][142] The Arab Palestinian economy collapsed and 250,000 Palestinian Arabs fled or were expelled.[143]




David Ben-Gurion proclaiming the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948


On 14 May 1948, the day before the expiration of the British Mandate, David Ben-Gurion, the head of the Jewish Agency, declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16][144] The only reference in the text of the Declaration to the borders of the new state is the use of the term Eretz-Israel ("Land of Israel").[145] The following day, the armies of four Arab countries—Egypt, Syria, Transjordan and Iraq—entered what had been British Mandatory Palestine, launching the 1948 Arab–Israeli War;[146][147] contingents from Yemen, Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Sudan joined the war.[148][149] The apparent purpose of the invasion was to prevent the establishment of the Jewish state at inception, and some Arab leaders talked about driving the Jews into the sea.[150][151][152] According to Benny Morris, Jews felt that the invading Arab armies aimed to slaughter the Jews.[153] The Arab league stated that the invasion was to restore law and order and to prevent further bloodshed.[154]




Raising of the Ink Flag, marking the end of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War


After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established.[155] Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip. The United Nations estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians were expelled by or fled from advancing Israeli forces during the conflict—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe").[156]
Early years of the State of Israel
Further information: Arab–Israeli conflict
Israel was admitted as a member of the United Nations by majority vote on 11 May 1949.[157] Both Israel and Jordan were genuinely interested in a peace agreement but the British acted as a brake on the Jordanian effort in order to avoid damaging British interests in Egypt.[158] In the early years of the state, the Labor Zionist movement led by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion dominated Israeli politics.[159][160] The Kibbutzim, or collective farming communities, played a pivotal role in establishing the new state.[161]
Immigration to Israel during the late 1940s and early 1950s was aided by the Israeli Immigration Department and the non-government sponsored Mossad LeAliyah Bet ("Institution for Illegal Immigration"[162]). Both groups facilitated regular immigration logistics like arranging transportation, but the latter also engaged in clandestine operations in countries, particularly in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, where the lives of Jews were believed to be in danger and exit from those places was difficult. Mossad LeAliyah Bet was disbanded in 1953.[163] The immigration was in accordance with the One Million Plan. The immigrants came for differing reasons. Some believed in a Zionist ideology or did it for the promise of a better life in Israel, while others moved to escape persecution or were expelled.[164][165]
An influx of Holocaust survivors and Jews from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel during the first three years increased the number of Jews from 700,000 to 1,400,000.[166] By 1958, the population of Israel rose to two million.[166] Between 1948 and 1970, approximately 1,150,000 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel.[167] Some new immigrants arrived as refugees with no possessions and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot; by 1952, over 200,000 people were living in these tent cities.[168] Jews of European background were often treated more favorably than Jews from Middle Eastern and North African countries—housing units reserved for the latter were often re-designated for the former, with the result that Jews newly arrived from Arab lands generally ended up staying in transit camps for longer.[169] Tensions that developed between the two groups over such discrimination persist to the present day.[170] During this period, food, clothes and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the austerity period. The need to solve the crisis led Ben-Gurion to sign a reparations agreement with West Germany that triggered mass protests by Jews angered at the idea that Israel could accept monetary compensation for the Holocaust.[171]


Play media


U.S. newsreel on the trial of Adolf Eichmann


During the 1950s, Israel was frequently attacked by Palestinian fedayeen, nearly always against civilians,[172] mainly from the Egyptian-occupied Gaza Strip,[173] leading to several Israeli counter-raids. In 1956, Great Britain and France aimed at regaining control of the Suez Canal, which the Egyptians had nationalized. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, together with the growing amount of Fedayeen attacks against Israel's southern population, and recent Arab grave and threatening statements, prompted Israel to attack Egypt.[174][175][176][177] Israel joined a secret alliance with Great Britain and France and overran the Sinai Peninsula but was pressured to withdraw by the United Nations in return for guarantees of Israeli shipping rights in the Red Sea via the Straits of Tiran and the Canal[citation needed].[178][179] The war, known as the Suez Crisis, resulted in significant reduction of Israeli border infiltration.[180][181][182][183] In the early 1960s, Israel captured Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina and brought him to Israel for trial.[184] The trial had a major impact on public awareness of the Holocaust.[185] Eichmann remains the only person executed in Israel by conviction in an Israeli civilian court.[186]




Territory held by Israel:
  before the Six-Day War
  after the war
The Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt in 1982.


Since 1964, Arab countries, concerned over Israeli plans to divert waters of the Jordan River into the coastal plain,[187] had been trying to divert the headwaters to deprive Israel of water resources, provoking tensions between Israel on the one hand, and Syria and Lebanon on the other. Arab nationalists led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser refused to recognize Israel, and called for its destruction.[17][188][189] By 1966, Israeli-Arab relations had deteriorated to the point of actual battles taking place between Israeli and Arab forces.[190] In May 1967, Egypt massed its army near the border with Israel, expelled UN peacekeepers, stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since 1957, and blocked Israel's access to the Red Sea.[191][192][193] Other Arab states mobilized their forces.[194] Israel reiterated that these actions were a casus belli and, on 5 June, launched a pre-emptive strike against Egypt. Jordan, Syria and Iraq responded and attacked Israel. In a Six-Day War, Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank, defeated Egypt and captured the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula, and defeated Syria and captured the Golan Heights.[195] Jerusalem's boundaries were enlarged, incorporating East Jerusalem, and the 1949 Green Line became the administrative boundary between Israel and the occupied territories.
Following the 1967 war and the "three nos" resolution of the Arab League, during the 1967–1970 War of Attrition Israel faced attacks from the Egyptians in the Sinai, and from Palestinian groups targeting Israelis in the occupied territories, in Israel proper, and around the world. Most important among the various Palestinian and Arab groups was the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to "armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland".[196][197] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Palestinian groups launched a wave of attacks[198][199] against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world,[200] including a massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The Israeli government responded with an assassination campaign against the organizers of the massacre, a bombing and a raid on the PLO headquarters in Lebanon.
On 6 October 1973, as Jews were observing Yom Kippur, the Egyptian and Syrian armies launched a surprise attack against Israeli forces in the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights, that opened the Yom Kippur War. The war ended on 25 October with Israel successfully repelling Egyptian and Syrian forces but having suffered over 2,500 soldiers killed in a war which collectively took 10–35,000 lives in about 20 days.[201] An internal inquiry exonerated the government of responsibility for failures before and during the war, but public anger forced Prime Minister Golda Meir to resign.[202] In July 1976 an airliner was hijacked during its flight from Israel to France by Palestinian guerrillas and landed at Entebbe, Uganda. Israeli commandos carried out an operation in which 102 out of 106 Israeli hostages were successfully rescued.
Further conflict and peace process
Further information: Israeli–Palestinian peace process
See also: One-state solution, Two-state solution, Three-state solution, and Lieberman Plan
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party.[203] Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state.[204] In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979).[205] In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[206]
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.




Israel's 1980 law declared that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel."[12]


Meanwhile, Begin's government provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank, increasing friction with the Palestinians in that area.[207] The Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel, passed in 1980, was believed by some to reaffirm Israel's 1967 annexation of Jerusalem by government decree, and reignited international controversy over the status of the city. No Israeli legislation has defined the territory of Israel and no act specifically included East Jerusalem therein.[208] The position of the majority of UN member states is reflected in numerous resolutions declaring that actions taken by Israel to settle its citizens in the West Bank, and impose its laws and administration on East Jerusalem, are illegal and have no validity.[209] In 1981 Israel annexed the Golan Heights, although annexation was not recognized internationally.[210] Israel's population diversity expanded in the 1980s and 1990s. Several waves of Ethiopian Jews immigrated to Israel since the 1980s, while between 1990 and 1994, immigration from the post-Soviet states increased Israel's population by twelve percent.[211]
On 7 June 1981, the Israeli air force destroyed Iraq's sole nuclear reactor under construction just outside Baghdad, in order to impede Iraq's nuclear weapons program. Following a series of PLO attacks in 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon that year to destroy the bases from which the PLO launched attacks and missiles into northern Israel.[212] In the first six days of fighting, the Israelis destroyed the military forces of the PLO in Lebanon and decisively defeated the Syrians. An Israeli government inquiry—the Kahan Commission—would later hold Begin, Sharon and several Israeli generals as indirectly responsible for the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 1985, Israel responded to a Palestinian terrorist attack in Cyprus by bombing the PLO headquarters in Tunisia. Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon in 1986, but maintained a borderland buffer zone in southern Lebanon until 2000, from where Israeli forces engaged in conflict with Hezbollah. The First Intifada, a Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule,[213] broke out in 1987, with waves of uncoordinated demonstrations and violence occurring in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. Over the following six years, the Intifada became more organised and included economic and cultural measures aimed at disrupting the Israeli occupation. More than a thousand people were killed in the violence.[214] During the 1991 Gulf War, the PLO supported Saddam Hussein and Iraqi Scud missile attacks against Israel. Despite public outrage, Israel heeded American calls to refrain from hitting back and did not participate in that war.[215][216]




Shimon Peres (left) with Yitzhak Rabin (center) and King Hussein of Jordan (right), prior to signing the Israel–Jordan peace treaty in 1994.


In 1992, Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister following an election in which his party called for compromise with Israel's neighbors.[217][218] The following year, Shimon Peres on behalf of Israel, and Mahmoud Abbas for the PLO, signed the Oslo Accords, which gave the Palestinian National Authority the right to govern parts of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[219] The PLO also recognized Israel's right to exist and pledged an end to terrorism.[220] In 1994, the Israel–Jordan peace treaty was signed, making Jordan the second Arab country to normalize relations with Israel.[221] Arab public support for the Accords was damaged by the continuation of Israeli settlements[222] and checkpoints, and the deterioration of economic conditions.[223] Israeli public support for the Accords waned as Israel was struck by Palestinian suicide attacks.[224] In November 1995, while leaving a peace rally, Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a far-right-wing Jew who opposed the Accords.[225]




The site of the 2001 Tel Aviv Dolphinarium discotheque massacre, in which 21 Israelis were killed.


Under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu at the end of the 1990s, Israel withdrew from Hebron,[226] and signed the Wye River Memorandum, giving greater control to the Palestinian National Authority.[227] Ehud Barak, elected Prime Minister in 1999, began the new millennium by withdrawing forces from Southern Lebanon and conducting negotiations with Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton at the 2000 Camp David Summit. During the summit, Barak offered a plan for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The proposed state included the entirety of the Gaza Strip and over 90% of the West Bank with Jerusalem as a shared capital.[228] Each side blamed the other for the failure of the talks. After a controversial visit by Likud leader Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount, the Second Intifada began. Some commentators contend that the uprising was pre-planned by Arafat due to the collapse of peace talks.[229][230][231][232] Sharon became prime minister in a 2001 special election. During his tenure, Sharon carried out his plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Gaza Strip and also spearheaded the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier,[233] ending the Intifada.[234][235] By this time 1,100 Israelis had been killed, mostly in suicide bombings.[236] The Palestinian fatalities, from 2000 to 2008, reached 4,791 killed by Israeli security forces, 44 killed by Israeli civilians, and 609 killed by Palestinians.[237]
In July 2006, a Hezbollah artillery assault on Israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two Israeli soldiers precipitated the month-long Second Lebanon War.[238][239] On 6 September 2007, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a nuclear reactor in Syria. At the end of 2008, Israel entered another conflict as a ceasefire between Hamas and Israel collapsed. The 2008–09 Gaza War lasted three weeks and ended after Israel announced a unilateral ceasefire.[240][241] Hamas announced its own ceasefire, with its own conditions of complete withdrawal and opening of border crossings. Despite neither the rocket launchings nor Israeli retaliatory strikes having completely stopped, the fragile ceasefire remained in order.[242] In what Israel described as a response to more than a hundred Palestinian rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities,[243] Israel began an operation in Gaza on 14 November 2012, lasting eight days.[244] Israel started another operation in Gaza following an escalation of rocket attacks by Hamas in July 2014.[245]
Geography and environment
Main articles: Geography of Israel and Wildlife of Israel

Geography of Israel



v
t
e



Golan
Heights
Galilee
Coastal
plain
Judaean
Mountains
Jordan
Valley
Negev
Levantine Sea
(Mediterranean)
Kinneret
Dead
Sea
Gulf
of Eilat
West
Bank
Gaza
Strip
Lebanon
Syria
Jordan
Egypt










Satellite images of Israel and neighboring territories during the day (left) and night (right)


Israel is located in the Levant area of the Fertile Crescent region. The country is at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, bounded by Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan and the West Bank to the east, and Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the southwest. It lies between latitudes 29° and 34° N, and longitudes 34° and 36° E.
The sovereign territory of Israel (according to the demarcation lines of the 1949 Armistice Agreements and excluding all territories captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War) is approximately 20,770 square kilometers (8,019 sq mi) in area, of which two percent is water.[2] However Israel is so narrow that the exclusive economic zone in the Mediterranean is double the land area of the country.[246] The total area under Israeli law, including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, is 22,072 square kilometers (8,522 sq mi),[247] and the total area under Israeli control, including the military-controlled and partially Palestinian-governed territory of the West Bank, is 27,799 square kilometers (10,733 sq mi).[248]
Despite its small size, Israel is home to a variety of geographic features, from the Negev desert in the south to the inland fertile Jezreel Valley, mountain ranges of the Galilee, Carmel and toward the Golan in the north. The Israeli coastal plain on the shores of the Mediterranean is home to most of the nation's population.[249] East of the central highlands lies the Jordan Rift Valley, which forms a small part of the 6,500-kilometer (4,039 mi) Great Rift Valley. The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley, from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea, the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.[250] Further south is the Arabah, ending with the Gulf of Eilat, part of the Red Sea. Unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula are makhteshim, or erosion cirques.[251] The largest makhtesh in the world is Ramon Crater in the Negev,[252] which measures 40 by 8 kilometers (25 by 5 mi).[253] A report on the environmental status of the Mediterranean Basin states that Israel has the largest number of plant species per square meter of all the countries in the basin.[254]
Tectonics and seismicity
Further information: List of earthquakes in the Levant
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Jordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, West Bank, Coastal Plain, and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region. The entire Jordan Valley segment is thought to have ruptured repeatedly, for instance during the last two major earthquakes along this structure in 749 and 1033. The deficit in slip that has built up since the 1033 event is sufficient to cause an earthquake of Mw~7.4.[255]
The most catastrophic earthquakes we know of occurred in 31 BCE, 363, 749, and 1033 CE, that is every ca. 400 years on average.[256] Destructive earthquakes leading to serious loss of life strike about every 80 years.[257] While stringent construction regulations are currently in place and recently built structures are earthquake-safe, as of 2007[update] the majority of the buildings in Israel were older than these regulations and many public buildings as well as 50,000 residential buildings did not meet the new standards and were "expected to collapse" if exposed to a strong quake.[257] Given the fragile political situation of the Middle East region and the presence there of major holy sites, a quake reaching magnitude 7 on the Richter scale could have dire consequences for world peace.[256]
Climate




Köppen climate classification map of Israel


Temperatures in Israel vary widely, especially during the winter. Coastal areas, such as those of Tel Aviv and Haifa, have a typical Mediterranean climate with cool, rainy winters and long, hot summers. The area of Beersheba and the Northern Negev have a semi-arid climate with hot summers, cool winters, and fewer rainy days than the Mediterranean climate. The Southern Negev and the Arava areas have a desert climate with very hot, dry summers, and mild winters with few days of rain. The highest temperature in the continent of Asia (54.0 °C or 129.2 °F) was recorded in 1942 at Tirat Zvi kibbutz in the northern Jordan River valley.[258][259]
At the other extreme, mountainous regions can be windy and cold, and areas at elevation of 750 meters or more (same elevation as Jerusalem) will usually receive at least one snowfall each year.[260] From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.[261][262] With scarce water resources, Israel has developed various water-saving technologies, including drip irrigation.[263] Israelis also take advantage of the considerable sunlight available for solar energy, making Israel the leading nation in solar energy use per capita (practically every house uses solar panels for water heating).[264]
Four different phytogeographic regions exist in Israel, due to the country's location between the temperate and tropical zones, bordering the Mediterranean Sea in the west and the desert in the east. For this reason, the flora and fauna of Israel are extremely diverse. There are 2,867 known species of plants found in Israel. Of these, at least 253 species are introduced and nonnative.[265] There are 380 Israeli nature reserves.[266]







Tiberias and the Sea of Galilee









Field of Anemone coronaria, national flower of Israel









Makhtesh Ramon, a type of crater unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula









Snow in Galilee









Flowers of Israel




Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Israel and Israelis


Religion in Israel


v
t
e




 Note: Until 1995, figures for Christians also included Others.[267]


In 2017, Israel's population was an estimated 8,680,600 people, of whom 6,484,000 (74.7%) were recorded by the civil government as Jews.[268] 1,808,000 Arabs comprised 20.8% of the population, while non-Arab Christians and people who have no religion listed in the civil registry made up 4.4%.[269][1] Over the last decade, large numbers of migrant workers from Romania, Thailand, China, Africa, and South America have settled in Israel. Exact figures are unknown, as many of them are living in the country illegally,[270] but estimates run in the region of 203,000.[24] By June 2012, approximately 60,000 African migrants had entered Israel.[271] About 92% of Israelis live in urban areas.[272]




Immigration to Israel in the years 1948–2015. The two peaks were in 1949 and 1990.


Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship.[273] Retention of Israel's population since 1948 is about even or greater, when compared to other countries with mass immigration.[274] Jewish emigration from Israel (called yerida in Hebrew), primarily to the United States and Canada, is described by demographers as modest,[275] but is often cited by Israeli government ministries as a major threat to Israel's future.[276][277]
Three quarters of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Approximately 76% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 16% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab world).[278] Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews,[279] form most of the rest of the Jewish population.[280][281][282] Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.[283] Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return.[284][285][286]
In 2015[update], 385,900 Israelis lived in West Bank settlements,[287] including those that predated the establishment of the State of Israel and which were re-established after the Six-Day War, in cities such as Hebron and Gush Etzion bloc. In addition, there were more than 200,000 Jews living in East Jerusalem,[288] and 20,000 in the Golan Heights.[287] The total number of Israeli settlers is over 600,000 (≈10% of the Jewish Israeli population). Approximately 7,800 Israelis lived in settlements in the Gaza Strip, known as Gush Katif, until they were evacuated by the government as part of its 2005 disengagement plan.[289]
Major urban areas
For a more comprehensive list, see List of cities in Israel.




Park Tzameret residential neighborhood in Tel Aviv.


There are four major metropolitan areas: Gush Dan (Tel Aviv metropolitan area; population 3,785,000), Jerusalem metropolitan area (population 1,223,800), Haifa metropolitan area (population 913,700), and Beersheba metropolitan area (population 369,200).[290]
Israel's largest municipality, in population and area, is Jerusalem with 865,721 residents in an area of 125 square kilometres (48 sq mi).[291] Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem, which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation.[292] Tel Aviv and Haifa rank as Israel's next most populous cities, with populations of 432,892 and 278,903, respectively.[291]
Israel has 15 cities with populations over 100,000. In all, there are 77 municipalities granted "city" status by the Ministry of Interior. Two more cities are planned: Kasif, a planned city to be built in the Negev, and Harish, originally a small town currently being built into a large city.




 


v
t
e


Largest cities in Israel
Israel Central Bureau of Statistics[291]




Rank
Name
District
Pop.
Rank
Name
District
Pop.




Jerusalem

Tel Aviv
1
Jerusalem
Jerusalem
865,721a
11
Ramat Gan
Tel Aviv
152,596

Haifa

Rishon LeZion


2
Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
432,892
12
Rehovot
Central
132,671


3
Haifa
Haifa
278,903
13
Ashkelon
Southern
130,660


4
Rishon LeZion
Central
243,973
14
Bat Yam
Tel Aviv
128,892


5
Petah Tikva
Central
230,984
15
Beit Shemesh
Jerusalem
103,922


6
Ashdod
Southern
220,174
16
Kfar Saba
Central
96,922


7
Netanya
Central
207,946
17
Herzliya
Tel Aviv
91,926


8
Beersheba
Southern
203,604
18
Hadera
Haifa
88,783


9
Holon
Tel Aviv
188,834
19
Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut
Central
88,749


10
Bnei Brak
Tel Aviv
182,799
20
Nazareth
Northern
75,726


^a This number includes East Jerusalem and West Bank areas. Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.
Language
Main article: Languages of Israel




Road sign in Hebrew, Arabic, and English


Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic.[2] Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken every day by the majority of the population. Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority, with Hebrew taught in Arab schools.
As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel),[293][294] Russian and Amharic are widely spoken.[295] More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the post-Soviet states between 1990 and 2004.[296] French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis,[297] mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews). English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the establishment of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language,[298][299][300] as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects.[301]
Religion
Main articles: Religion in Israel and Abrahamic religions




The Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall, Jerusalem.


Israel comprises a major part of the Holy Land, a region of significant importance to all Abrahamic religions – Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druze and Bahá'í Faith.
The religious affiliation of Israeli Jews varies widely: a social survey indicates that 49% self-identify as Hiloni (secular), 29% as Masorti (traditional), 13% as Dati (Orthodox) and 9% as Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).[302] Haredi Jews are expected to represent more than 20% of Israel's Jewish population by 2028.[303]




9th Station of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa street in Jerusalem. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the background is venerated by Christians as the site of the Burial of Jesus.[304]


Making up 17.6% of the population, Muslims constitute Israel's largest religious minority. About 2% of the population is Christian and 1.6% is Druze.[2] The Christian population primarily comprises Arab Christians, but also includes post-Soviet immigrants, the foreign laborers of multinational origins, and followers of Messianic Judaism, considered by most Christians and Jews to be a form of Christianity.[305] Members of many other religious groups, including Buddhists and Hindus, maintain a presence in Israel, albeit in small numbers.[306] Out of more than one million immigrants from the former Soviet Union, about 300,000 are considered not Jewish by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.[307]
The city of Jerusalem is of special importance to Jews, Muslims and Christians as it is the home of sites that are pivotal to their religious beliefs, such as the Old City that incorporates the Western Wall and the Temple Mount, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.[308] Other locations of religious importance in Israel are Nazareth (holy in Christianity as the site of the Annunciation of Mary), Tiberias and Safed (two of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism), the White Mosque in Ramla (holy in Islam as the shrine of the prophet Saleh), and the Church of Saint George in Lod (holy in Christianity and Islam as the tomb of Saint George or Al Khidr). A number of other religious landmarks are located in the West Bank, among them Joseph's Tomb in Nablus, the birthplace of Jesus and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem, and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The administrative center of the Bahá'í Faith and the Shrine of the Báb are located at the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa; the leader of the faith is buried in Acre. Apart from maintenance staff, there is no Bahá'í community in Israel, although it is a destination for pilgrimages. Bahá'í staff in Israel do not teach their faith to Israelis following strict policy.[309][310][311] A few miles south of the Bahá'í World Centre is Mahmood Mosque affiliated with the reformist Ahmadiyya movement. Kababir, Haifa's mixed neighbourhood of Jews and Ahmadi Arabs is the only one of its kind in the country.[312][313]
Education
Main article: Education in Israel




Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center at Bar-Ilan University


Education is highly valued in the Israeli culture and was viewed as a fundamental block of ancient Israelites.[314] Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents was responsible.[315] Many international business leaders such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development and technological boom.[316][317][318] In 2015, the country ranked third among OECD members (after Canada and Japan) for the percentage of 25–64 year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 49% compared with the OECD average of 35%.[30] In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).[319][320]
Israel has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 97.8%.[2] The State Education Law, passed in 1953, established five types of schools: state secular, state religious, ultra orthodox, communal settlement schools, and Arab schools. The public secular is the largest school group, and is attended by the majority of Jewish and non-Arab pupils in Israel. Most Arabs send their children to schools where Arabic is the language of instruction.[321] Education is compulsory in Israel for children between the ages of three and eighteen.[322][323] Schooling is divided into three tiers – primary school (grades 1–6), middle school (grades 7–9), and high school (grades 10–12) – culminating with Bagrut matriculation exams. Proficiency in core subjects such as mathematics, the Hebrew language, Hebrew and general literature, the English language, history, Biblical scripture and civics is necessary to receive a Bagrut certificate.[324] Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations.[325][326] Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world.[327][328] In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage.[329] Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system",[330] since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel.[331] Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level.[332] Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states.[333] In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.[334]




Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Israel has nine public universities that are subsidized by the state and 49 private colleges.[324][335][336] The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel's second-oldest university after the Technion,[337][338] houses the National Library of Israel, the world's largest repository of Judaica and Hebraica.[339] The Technion and the Hebrew University consistently ranked among world's 100 top universities by the prestigious ARWU academic ranking.[340] Other major universities in the country include the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Bar-Ilan University, the University of Haifa and the Open University of Israel. Ariel University, in the West Bank, is the newest university institution, upgraded from college status, and the first in over thirty years.
Politics
Main articles: Politics of Israel and Israeli system of government
See also: Criticism of the Israeli government




President
Reuven Rivlin



Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu








The Knesset chamber, home to the Israeli parliament


Israel is a parliamentary democracy with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet.[341][342] Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties,[343] with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments. Parliamentary elections are scheduled every four years, but unstable coalitions or a no-confidence vote by the Knesset can dissolve a government earlier. The Basic Laws of Israel function as an uncodified constitution. In 2003, the Knesset began to draft an official constitution based on these laws.[2][344] The president of Israel is head of state, with limited and largely ceremonial duties.[341]
Israel has no official religion,[345][346][347] but the definition of the state as "Jewish and democratic" creates a strong connection with Judaism, as well as a conflict between state law and religious law. Interaction between the political parties keeps the balance between state and religion largely as it existed during the British Mandate.[348]
Legal system
Main articles: Judiciary of Israel and Israeli law




Supreme Court of Israel, Givat Ram, Jerusalem


Israel has a three-tier court system. At the lowest level are magistrate courts, situated in most cities across the country. Above them are district courts, serving as both appellate courts and courts of first instance; they are situated in five of Israel's six districts. The third and highest tier is the Supreme Court, located in Jerusalem; it serves a dual role as the highest court of appeals and the High Court of Justice. In the latter role, the Supreme Court rules as a court of first instance, allowing individuals, both citizens and non-citizens, to petition against the decisions of state authorities.[349][350] Although Israel supports the goals of the International Criminal Court, it has not ratified the Rome Statute, citing concerns about the ability of the court to remain free from political impartiality.[351]
Israel's legal system combines three legal traditions: English common law, civil law, and Jewish law.[2] It is based on the principle of stare decisis (precedent) and is an adversarial system, where the parties in the suit bring evidence before the court. Court cases are decided by professional judges rather than juries.[349] Marriage and divorce are under the jurisdiction of the religious courts: Jewish, Muslim, Druze, and Christian. The election of judges is carried out by a committee of two Knesset members, three Supreme Court justices, two Israeli Bar members and two ministers (one of which, Israel's justice minister, is the committee's chairman). The committee's members of the Knesset are secretly elected by the Knesset, and one of them is traditionally a member of the opposition, the committee's Supreme Court justices are chosen by tradition from all Supreme Court justices by seniority, the Israeli Bar members are elected by the bar, and the second minister is appointed by the Israeli cabinet. The current justice minister and committee's chairwoman is Ayelet Shaked.[352][353][354] Administration of Israel's courts (both the "General" courts and the Labor Courts) is carried by the Administration of Courts, situated in Jerusalem. Both General and Labor courts are paperless courts: the storage of court files, as well as court decisions, are conducted electronically. Israel's Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty seeks to defend human rights and liberties in Israel.
Administrative divisions
Main article: Districts of Israel

Districts of Israel
North
Haifa
Center
Tel Aviv
Judea
and
Samaria
Jerusalem
South



v
t
e




The State of Israel is divided into six main administrative districts, known as mehozot (מחוזות; singular: mahoz) – Center, Haifa, Jerusalem, North, South, and Tel Aviv districts, as well as the Judea and Samaria Area in the West Bank. All of the Judea and Samaria Area and parts of the Jerusalem and Northern districts are not recognized internationally as part of Israel. Districts are further divided into fifteen sub-districts known as nafot (נפות; singular: nafa), which are themselves partitioned into fifty natural regions.[355]


District
Capital
Largest city
Population[287]


Jews
Arabs
Total
note


Jerusalem
Jerusalem
7001670000000000000♠67%
7001320000000000000♠32%
1058000 !1,058,000
a


North
Nazareth Illit
Nazareth
7001430000000000000♠43%
7001540000000000000♠54%
1380400 !1,380,400



Haifa
Haifa
7001680000000000000♠68%
7001260000000000000♠26%
0981300 !981,300



Center
Ramla
Rishon LeZion
7001880000000000000♠88%
7000800000000000000♠8%
2071500 !2,071,500



Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
7001930000000000000♠93%
7000100000000000000♠1%
1368800 !1,368,800



South
Beersheba
Ashdod
7001730000000000000♠73%
7001200000000000000♠20%
1217500 !1,217,500



Judea and Samaria
Ariel
Modi'in Illit
7001980000000000000♠98%
5000000000000000000♠0%
0385900 !385,900
b



^a Including 201,170 Jews and 313,350 Arabs in East Jerusalem, as of 2014[update].[288]
^b Israeli citizens only.

Israeli-occupied territories
Main article: Israeli-occupied territories




Map of Israel showing the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, and the Golan Heights


In 1967, as a result of the Six-Day War, Israel captured and occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. Israel also captured the Sinai Peninsula, but returned it to Egypt as part of the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.[356] Between 1982 and 2000, Israel occupied part of southern Lebanon, in what was known as the Security Belt. Since Israel's capture of these territories, Israeli settlements and military installations have been built within each of them, except Lebanon. Israel has applied civilian law to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem and granted their inhabitants permanent residency status and the ability to apply for citizenship. The West Bank, outside of the Israeli settlements within the territory, has remained under direct military rule, and Palestinians in this area cannot become Israeli citizens. Israel withdrew its military forces and dismantled the Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip as part of its disengagement from Gaza though it continues to maintain control of its airspace and waters.
The UN Security Council has declared the annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem to be "null and void" and continues to view the territories as occupied.[357][358] The International Court of Justice, principal judicial organ of the United Nations, asserted, in its 2004 advisory opinion on the legality of the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier, that the lands captured by Israel in the Six-Day War, including East Jerusalem, are occupied territory.[359] The status of East Jerusalem in any future peace settlement has at times been a difficult issue in negotiations between Israeli governments and representatives of the Palestinians, as Israel views it as its sovereign territory, as well as part of its capital. Most negotiations relating to the territories have been on the basis of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which emphasises "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war", and calls on Israel to withdraw from occupied territories in return for normalization of relations with Arab states, a principle known as "Land for peace".[360][361][362]
According to some observers,[weasel words] Israel has engaged in systematic and widespread violations of human rights in the occupied territories, including the occupation itself[363] and war crimes against civilians.[364][365][366][367] The allegations include violations of international humanitarian law[368] by the United Nations Human Rights Council,[369] with local residents having "limited ability to hold governing authorities accountable for such abuses" by the U.S. State Department,[370] mass arbitrary arrests, torture, unlawful killings, systemic abuses and impunity by Amnesty International and others[371][372][373][374][375][376] and a denial of the right to Palestinian self-determination.[377][378][379][380][381][excessive detail?] In response to such allegations, Prime Minister Netanyahu has defended the country's security forces for protecting the innocent from terrorists[382] and expressed contempt for what he describes as a lack of concern about the human rights violations committed by "criminal killers".[383] Some observers, such as Israeli officials, scholars,[384] United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley[385][386] and UN secretary-generals Ban Ki-moon[387] and Kofi Annan,[388] also assert that the UN is disproportionately concerned with Israeli misconduct.[excessive detail?]




Israeli West Bank barrier separating Israel and the West Bank


The West Bank was occupied and annexed by Jordan in 1950, following the Arab rejection of the UN decision to create two states in Palestine. Only Britain recognized this annexation and Jordan has since ceded its claim to the territory to the PLO. The population are mainly Palestinians, including refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.[389] From their occupation in 1967 until 1993, the Palestinians living in these territories were under Israeli military administration. Since the Israel–PLO letters of recognition, most of the Palestinian population and cities have been under the internal jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, and only partial Israeli military control, although Israel has on several occasions redeployed its troops and reinstated full military administration during periods of unrest. In response to increasing attacks during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government started to construct the Israeli West Bank barrier.[390] When completed, approximately 13% of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line or in Israel with 87% inside the West Bank.[391][392]
The Gaza Strip was occupied by Egypt from 1948 to 1967 and then by Israel after 1967. In 2005, as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, Israel removed all of its settlers and forces from the territory. Israel does not consider the Gaza Strip to be occupied territory and declared it a "foreign territory". That view has been disputed by numerous international humanitarian organizations and various bodies of the United Nations.[393][394][395][396][397] Following the 2007 Battle of Gaza, when Hamas assumed power in the Gaza Strip,[398] Israel tightened its control of the Gaza crossings along its border, as well as by sea and air, and prevented persons from entering and exiting the area except for isolated cases it deemed humanitarian.[398] Gaza has a border with Egypt and an agreement between Israel, the European Union and the PA governed how border crossing would take place (it was monitored by European observers).[399]
Foreign relations
Main articles: Foreign relations of Israel and International recognition of Israel




  Diplomatic relations
  Diplomatic relations suspended
  Former diplomatic relations
  No diplomatic relations, but former trade relations
  No diplomatic relations



Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 countries and has 107 diplomatic missions around the world;[400] countries with whom they have no diplomatic relations include most Muslim countries.[401] Only three members of the Arab League have normalized relations with Israel: Egypt and Jordan signed peace treaties in 1979 and 1994, respectively, and Mauritania opted for full diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Despite the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, Israel is still widely considered an enemy country among Egyptians.[402] Under Israeli law, Lebanon, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, and Yemen are enemy countries,[403] and Israeli citizens may not visit them without permission from the Ministry of the Interior.[404] Iran had diplomatic relations with Israel under the Pahlavi dynasty[405] but withdrew its recognition of Israel during the Islamic Revolution.[406] As a result of the 2008–09 Gaza War, Mauritania, Qatar, Bolivia, and Venezuela suspended political and economic ties with Israel.[407][408]
The United States and the Soviet Union were the first two countries to recognize the State of Israel, having declared recognition roughly simultaneously.[409] The United States regards Israel as its "most reliable partner in the Middle East,"[410] based on "common democratic values, religious affinities, and security interests".[411] The United States has provided $68 billion in military assistance and $32 billion in grants to Israel since 1967, under the Foreign Assistance Act (period beginning 1962),[412] more than any other country for that period until 2003.[412][413][414] The United Kingdom is seen as having a "natural" relationship with Israel on account of the British Mandate for Palestine.[415] Relations between the two countries were also made stronger by former prime minister Tony Blair's efforts for a two state resolution. By 2007[update], Germany had paid 25 billion euros in reparations to the Israeli state and individual Israeli Holocaust survivors.[416] Israel is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.[417]
Although Turkey and Israel did not establish full diplomatic relations until 1991,[418] Turkey has cooperated with the Jewish state since its recognition of Israel in 1949. Turkey's ties to the other Muslim-majority nations in the region have at times resulted in pressure from Arab and Muslim states to temper its relationship with Israel.[419] Relations between Turkey and Israel took a downturn after the 2008–09 Gaza War and Israel's raid of the Gaza flotilla.[420] Relations between Greece and Israel have improved since 1995 due to the decline of Israeli-Turkish relations.[421] The two countries have a defense cooperation agreement and in 2010, the Israeli Air Force hosted Greece's Hellenic Air Force in a joint exercise at the Uvda base. The joint Cyprus-Israel oil and gas explorations centered on the Leviathan gas field are an important factor for Greece, given its strong links with Cyprus.[422] Cooperation in the world's longest sub-sea electric power cable, the EuroAsia Interconnector, has strengthened relations between Cyprus and Israel.[423]
Azerbaijan is one of the few majority Muslim countries to develop bilateral strategic and economic relations with Israel. Azerbaijan supplies Israel with a substantial amount of its oil needs, and Israel has helped modernize the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan. India established full diplomatic ties with Israel in 1992 and has fostered a strong military, technological and cultural partnership with the country since then.[424] According to an international opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world.[425][426] India is the largest customer of the Israeli military equipment and Israel is the second-largest military partner of India after Russia.[427] Ethiopia is Israel's main ally in Africa due to common political, religious and security interests.[428] Israel provides expertise to Ethiopia on irrigation projects and thousands of Ethiopian Jews live in Israel.
International humanitarian efforts
Israeli foreign aid ranks low among OECD nations, spending less than 0.1% of its GNI on development assistance, as opposed to the recommended 0.7%. The country also ranked 43rd in the 2016 World Giving Index.[429] However, Israel has a history of providing emergency aid and humanitarian response teams to disasters across the world.[430] Israel's humanitarian efforts officially began in 1957, with the establishment of Mashav, the Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation.[431] There are additional Israeli humanitarian and emergency response groups that work with the Israel government, including IsraAid, a joint programme run by 14 Israeli organizations and North American Jewish groups,[432] ZAKA,[433] The Fast Israeli Rescue and Search Team (FIRST),[434] Israeli Flying Aid (IFA),[435] Save a Child's Heart (SACH)[436] and Latet.[437]
Between 1985 and 2015, Israel sent 24 delegations of IDF search and rescue unit, the Home Front Command, to 22 countries.[438] In Haiti, immediately following the 2010 earthquake, Israel was the first country to set up a field hospital capable of performing surgical operations.[439] Israel sent over 200 medical doctors and personnel to start treating injured Haitians at the scene.[440] At the conclusion of its humanitarian mission 11 days later,[441] the Israeli delegation had treated more than 1,110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births and rescued or assisted in the rescue of four individuals.[442][443] Despite radiation concerns, Israel was one of the first countries to send a medical delegation to Japan following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster.[444] Israel dispatched a medical team to the tsunami-stricken city of Kurihara in 2011. A medical clinic run by an IDF team of some 50 members featured pediatric, surgical, maternity and gynecological, and otolaryngology wards, together with an optometry department, a laboratory, a pharmacy and an intensive care unit. After treating 200 patients in two weeks, the departing emergency team donated its equipment to the Japanese.[445]
Military
Main articles: Israel Defense Forces and Israeli security forces
Further information: List of wars involving Israel, List of the Israel Defense Forces operations, and Israel and weapons of mass destruction
The Israel Defense Forces is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Cabinet. The IDF consist of the army, air force and navy. It was founded during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by consolidating paramilitary organizations—chiefly the Haganah—that preceded the establishment of the state.[446] The IDF also draws upon the resources of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman), which works with Mossad and Shabak.[447] The Israel Defense Forces have been involved in several major wars and border conflicts in its short history, making it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world.[448][449]




IDF soldiers cleaning the beaches at Tel Aviv, which have scored highly in environmental tests.[450]


Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years.[451] Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their forties. Most women are exempt from reserve duty. Arab citizens of Israel (except the Druze) and those engaged in full-time religious studies are exempt from military service, although the exemption of yeshiva students has been a source of contention in Israeli society for many years.[452][453] An alternative for those who receive exemptions on various grounds is Sherut Leumi, or national service, which involves a program of service in hospitals, schools and other social welfare frameworks.[454] As a result of its conscription program, the IDF maintains approximately 176,500 active troops and an additional 445,000 reservists.[455]




Iron Dome is the world's first operational anti-artillery rocket defense system.


The nation's military relies heavily on high-tech weapons systems designed and manufactured in Israel as well as some foreign imports. The Arrow missile is one of the world's few operational anti-ballistic missile systems.[456] The Python air-to-air missile series is often considered one of the most crucial weapons in its military history.[457] Israel's Spike missile is one of the most widely exported ATGMs in the world.[458] Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile air defense system gained worldwide acclaim after intercepting hundreds of Qassam, 122 mm Grad and Fajr-5 artillery rockets fire by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip.[459][460] Since the Yom Kippur War, Israel has developed a network of reconnaissance satellites.[461] The success of the Ofeq program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching such satellites.[462]
Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons[463] as well as chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.[464] Israel has not signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons[465] and maintains a policy of deliberate ambiguity toward its nuclear capabilities.[466] The Israeli Navy's Dolphin submarines are believed to be armed with nuclear Popeye Turbo missiles, offering second-strike capability.[467] Since the Gulf War in 1991, when Israel was attacked by Iraqi Scud missiles, all homes in Israel are required to have a reinforced security room, Merkhav Mugan, impermeable to chemical and biological substances.[468]
Since Israel's establishment, military expenditure constituted a significant portion of the country's gross domestic product, with peak of 30.3% of GDP spent on defense in 1975.[469] In 2015, Israel ranked 7th in the world by defense spending as a percentage of GDP, with 5.4%,[470] and 15th by total military expenditure.[471] Since 1974, the United States has been a particularly notable contributor of military aid to Israel.[472] Under a memorandum of understanding signed in 2016, the U.S. is expected to provide the country with $3.8 billion per year, or around 20% of Israel's defense budget, from 2018 to 2028.[473] Israel ranked 7th globally for arms exports in 2016.[474] The majority of Israel's arms exports are unreported for security reasons.[475] Israel is consistently rated low in the Global Peace Index, ranking 144th out of 163 nations for peacefulness in 2017.[476]
Economy
Main article: Economy of Israel




The Diamond Exchange District in Ramat Gan


Israel is considered the most advanced country in Southwest Asia and the Middle East in economic and industrial development.[477] Israel's quality university education and the establishment of a highly motivated and educated populace is largely responsible for spurring the country's high technology boom and rapid economic development.[316] In 2010, it joined the OECD.[29][478] The country is ranked 24th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report[479] and 52nd on the World Bank's Doing Business index.[480] It has the second-largest number of startup companies in the world after the United States,[481] and the third-largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies after the U.S. and China.[482] In 2016, Israel ranked 21st among the world's most competitive nations, according to the IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook.[483] Israel was also ranked 4th in the world by share of people in high-skilled employment.[484]




Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Its building is optimized for computer trading, with systems located in an underground bunker to keep the exchange active during emergencies.[485]


Despite limited natural resources, intensive development of the agricultural and industrial sectors over the past decades has made Israel largely self-sufficient in food production, apart from grains and beef. Imports to Israel, totaling $57.9 billion in 2016, include raw materials, military equipment, investment goods, rough diamonds, fuels, grain, and consumer goods.[2] Leading exports include machinery and equipment, software, cut diamonds, agricultural products, chemicals, and textiles and apparel; in 2016, Israeli exports reached $51.61 billion.[2]
The Bank of Israel holds $97.22 billion of foreign-exchange reserves.[2] Since the 1970s, Israel has received military aid from the United States, as well as economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees, which now account for roughly half of Israel's external debt. Israel has one of the lowest external debts in the developed world, and is a lender in terms of net external debt (assets vs. liabilities abroad), which in 2015[update] stood at a surplus of $69 billion.[486] Israel has an impressive record for creating profit driven technologies making the country a top choice for many business leaders and high technology industry giants. Intel[487] and Microsoft[488] built their first overseas research and development facilities in Israel, and other high-tech multi-national corporations, such as IBM, Google, Apple, HP, Cisco Systems, Facebook and Motorola have opened R&D centres in the country. In 2007, American investor Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought an Israeli company, Iscar, its first acquisition outside the United States, for $4 billion.[489]
Days of working time in Israel are Sunday through Thursday (for a five-day workweek), or Friday (for a six-day workweek). In observance of Shabbat, in places where Friday is a work day and the majority of population is Jewish, Friday is a "short day", usually lasting till 14:00 in the winter, or 16:00 in the summer. Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world, and make Sunday a non-working day, while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day.[490]
Science and technology
Main articles: Science and technology in Israel and List of Israeli inventions and discoveries




Materials science professor Dan Shechtman is one of six Israelis to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in under a decade.[491]


Israel's development of cutting-edge technologies in software, communications and the life sciences have evoked comparisons with Silicon Valley.[492][493] Israel ranks 10th in the Bloomberg Innovation Index,[494] and is 2nd in the world in expenditure on research and development as a percentage of GDP.[495] Israel boasts 140 scientists, technicians, and engineers per 10,000 employees, the highest number in the world (in comparison, the same is 85 for the U.S.).[496][497][498] Israel has produced six Nobel Prize-winning scientists since 2004[491] and has been frequently ranked as one of the countries with the highest ratios of scientific papers per capita in the world.[499][500][501] Israel has led the world in stem-cell research papers per capita since 2000.[502] Israeli universities are ranked among the top 50 world universities in computer science (Technion and Tel Aviv University), mathematics (Hebrew University of Jerusalem) and chemistry (Weizmann Institute of Science).[340]




IAI Lavi, technology demonstrator.


In 2012 Israel was ranked ninth in the world by the Futron's Space Competitiveness Index.[503] The Israel Space Agency coordinates all Israeli space research programs with scientific and commercial goals, and have indigenously designed and built at least 13 commercial, research and spy satellites.[504] Some of Israel's satellites are ranked among the world's most advanced space systems.[505] Shavit is a space launch vehicle produced by Israel to launch small satellites into low Earth orbit.[506] It was first launched in 1988, making Israel the eighth nation to have a space launch capability. In 2003, Ilan Ramon became Israel's first astronaut, serving as payload specialist of STS-107, the fatal mission of the Space Shuttle Columbia.[507]
The ongoing shortage of water in the country has spurred innovation in water conservation techniques, and a substantial agricultural modernization, drip irrigation, was invented in Israel. Israel is also at the technological forefront of desalination and water recycling. The Sorek desalination plant is the largest seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination facility in the world.[508] By 2014, Israel's desalination programs provided roughly 35% of Israel's drinking water and it is expected to supply 40% by 2015 and 70% by 2050.[509] As of 2015, more than 50 percent of the water for Israeli households, agriculture and industry is artificially produced.[510] The country hosts an annual Water Technology and Environmental Control Exhibition & Conference (WATEC) that attracts thousands of people from across the world.[511][512] In 2011, Israel's water technology industry was worth around $2 billion a year with annual exports of products and services in the tens of millions of dollars. As a result of innovations in reverse osmosis technology, Israel is set to become a net exporter of water in the coming years.[513]




The world's largest solar parabolic dish at the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center.[514]


Israel has embraced solar energy; its engineers are on the cutting edge of solar energy technology[515] and its solar companies work on projects around the world.[516][517] Over 90% of Israeli homes use solar energy for hot water, the highest per capita in the world.[264][518] According to government figures, the country saves 8% of its electricity consumption per year because of its solar energy use in heating.[519] The high annual incident solar irradiance at its geographic latitude creates ideal conditions for what is an internationally renowned solar research and development industry in the Negev Desert.[515][516][517] Israel had a modern electric car infrastructure involving a countrywide network of charging stations to facilitate the charging and exchange of car batteries. It was thought that this would have lowered Israel's oil dependency and lowered the fuel costs of hundreds of Israel's motorists that use cars powered only by electric batteries.[520][521][522] The Israeli model was being studied by several countries and being implemented in Denmark and Australia.[523] However, Israel's trailblazing electric car company Better Place shut down in 2013.[524]
Transportation
Main article: Transport in Israel




Reception hall at Ben Gurion Airport


Israel has 19,224 kilometres (11,945 mi) of paved roads,[525] and 3 million motor vehicles.[526] The number of motor vehicles per 1,000 persons is 365, relatively low with respect to developed countries.[526] Israel has 5,715 buses on scheduled routes,[527] operated by several carriers, the largest of which is Egged, serving most of the country. Railways stretch across 1,277 kilometres (793 mi) and are operated solely by government-owned Israel Railways.[528] Following major investments beginning in the early to mid-1990s, the number of train passengers per year has grown from 2.5 million in 1990, to 53 million in 2015; railways are also transporting 7.5 million tons of cargo, per year.[528]
Israel is served by two international airports, Ben Gurion Airport, the country's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv, and Ovda Airport, which serves the southernmost port city of Eilat. There are several small domestic airports as well.[529] Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, handled over 15 million passengers in 2015.[530] On the Mediterranean coast, the Port of Haifa is the country's oldest and largest port, while Ashdod Port is one of the few deep water ports in the world built on the open sea.[529] In addition to these, the smaller Port of Eilat is situated on the Red Sea, and is used mainly for trading with Far East countries.[529]
Tourism
Main article: Tourism in Israel




Mount Hermon ski resort, which in peak season can attract more than 12,000 visitors each day.


Tourism, especially religious tourism, is an important industry in Israel, with the country's temperate climate, beaches, archaeological, other historical and biblical sites, and unique geography also drawing tourists. Israel's security problems have taken their toll on the industry, but the number of incoming tourists is on the rebound.[531] In 2013, a record of 3.54 million tourists visited Israel with the most popular site of attraction being the Western Wall with 68% of tourists visiting there.[532][533]
Energy
Main article: Energy in Israel
In 2009, a natural gas reserve, Tamar was found near the coast of Israel. A second natural gas reserve, Leviathan, was discovered in 2010.[534]
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.[535] In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.[536] The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.[537]
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million.[538]
Culture
Main article: Culture of Israel
Israel's diverse culture stems from the diversity of its population: Jews from diaspora communities around the world have brought their cultural and religious traditions back with them, creating a melting pot of Jewish customs and beliefs.[539] Israel is the only country in the world where life revolves around the Hebrew calendar. Work and school holidays are determined by the Jewish holidays, and the official day of rest is Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath.[540] Israel's substantial Arab minority has also left its imprint on Israeli culture in such spheres as architecture,[541] music,[542] and cuisine.[543]
Literature
Main article: Israeli literature




Shmuel Yosef Agnon, laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature






Amos Oz's works have been translated into 36 languages, more than any other Israeli writer.[544]


Israeli literature is primarily poetry and prose written in Hebrew, as part of the renaissance of Hebrew as a spoken language since the mid-19th century, although a small body of literature is published in other languages, such as English. By law, two copies of all printed matter published in Israel must be deposited in the National Library of Israel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2001, the law was amended to include audio and video recordings, and other non-print media.[545] In 2015, 85 percent of the 7,843 books transferred to the library were in Hebrew.[546] The Hebrew Book Week is held each June and features book fairs, public readings, and appearances by Israeli authors around the country. During the week, Israel's top literary award, the Sapir Prize, is presented.[citation needed]
In 1966, Shmuel Yosef Agnon shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with German Jewish author Nelly Sachs.[547] Leading Israeli poets have been Yehuda Amichai, Nathan Alterman and Rachel Bluwstein. Internationally famous contemporary Israeli novelists include Amos Oz, Etgar Keret and David Grossman. The Israeli-Arab satirist Sayed Kashua (who writes in Hebrew) is also internationally known.[citation needed] Israel has also been the home of two leading Palestinian poets and writers: Emile Habibi, whose novel The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist, and other writings, won him the Israel prize for Arabic literature; and Mahmoud Darwish, considered by many to be "the Palestinian national poet."[548] Darwish was born and raised in northern Israel, but lived his adult life abroad after joining the Palestine Liberation Organization.[citation needed]
Music and dance
Main articles: Music of Israel and Dance in Israel




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta


Israeli music contains musical influences from all over the world; Mizrahi and Sephardic music, Hasidic melodies, Greek music, jazz, and pop rock are all part of the music scene.[549][550] Among Israel's world-renowned[551][552] orchestras is the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been in operation for over seventy years and today performs more than two hundred concerts each year.[553] Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Ofra Haza are among the internationally acclaimed musicians born in Israel.[citation needed] Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nearly every year since 1973, winning the competition three times and hosting it twice.[554][555] Eilat has hosted its own international music festival, the Red Sea Jazz Festival, every summer since 1987.[556] Israel is home to many Palestinian musicians, including an oud group Le Trio Joubran and singer Amal Murkus. The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance has an advanced degree program in Arabic music, headed by oud virtuoso Taiseer Elias.[citation needed]




Celebrated Israeli ballet dancers Valery and Galina Panov, who founded the Ballet Panov, in Ashdod[557]


The nation's canonical folk songs, known as "Songs of the Land of Israel," deal with the experiences of the pioneers in building the Jewish homeland.[558] The Hora circle dance introduced by early Jewish settlers was originally popular in the kibbutzim and outlying communities. It became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction and of the ability to experience joy amidst austerity. It now plays a significant role in modern Israeli folk dancing and is regularly performed at weddings and other celebrations, and in group dances throughout Israel.[citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?] to be among the most versatile and original international creators working today. Famous Israeli companies include the Batsheva Dance Company and the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company.[citation needed]
Cinema and theatre
Main article: Cinema of Israel




Habima Theatre, in Tel Aviv


Ten Israeli films have been final nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards since the establishment of Israel. The 2009 movie Ajami was the third consecutive nomination of an Israeli film.[559] Palestinian Israeli filmmakers have made a number of films dealing with the Arab-Israel conflict and the status of Palestinians within Israel, such as Mohammed Bakri's 2002 film Jenin, Jenin and The Syrian Bride.[citation needed]
Continuing the strong theatrical traditions of the Yiddish theatre in Eastern Europe, Israel maintains a vibrant theatre scene. Founded in 1918, Habima Theatre in Tel Aviv is Israel's oldest repertory theater company and national theater.[560]
Media
Main article: Media of Israel
The 2016 Freedom of the Press annual report by Freedom House ranked Israel as the Middle East and North Africa's most free country, and 65th globally.[561] In the 2016 Press Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders, Israel (including "Israel extraterritorial" since 2013 ranking)[562] was placed 101st of 180 countries, and 3rd below Tunisia (at 96) and Lebanon (at 98) in the Middle East and North Africa region.[563]
Museums
For a more comprehensive list, see List of Israeli museums.




Shrine of the Book, repository of the Dead Sea Scrolls in Jerusalem


The Israel Museum in Jerusalem is one of Israel's most important cultural institutions[564] and houses the Dead Sea Scrolls,[565] along with an extensive collection of Judaica and European art.[564] Israel's national Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is the world central archive of Holocaust-related information.[566] Beit Hatfutsot ("The Diaspora House"), on the campus of Tel Aviv University, is an interactive museum devoted to the history of Jewish communities around the world.[567] Apart from the major museums in large cities, there are high-quality artspaces in many towns and kibbutzim. Mishkan LeOmanut in kibbutz Ein Harod Meuhad is the largest art museum in the north of the country.[568]
Israel has the highest number of museums per capita in the world.[569] Several Israeli museums are devoted to Islamic culture, including the Rockefeller Museum and the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, both in Jerusalem. The Rockefeller specializes in archaeological remains from the Ottoman and other periods of Middle East history. It is also the home of the first hominid fossil skull found in Western Asia called Galilee Man.[570] A cast of the skull is on display at the Israel Museum.[571]
Cuisine
Main article: Israeli cuisine




A meal including falafel, hummus, French fries and Israeli salad


Israeli cuisine includes local dishes as well as Jewish cuisine brought to the country by immigrants from the diaspora. Since the establishment of the state in 1948, and particularly since the late 1970s, an Israeli fusion cuisine has developed.[572] Israeli cuisine has adopted, and continues to adapt, elements of the Mizrahi, Sephardi, and Ashkenazi styles of cooking. It incorporates many foods traditionally eaten in the Levantine, Arab, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines, such as falafel, hummus, shakshouka, couscous, and za'atar. Schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, French fries, rice and salad are also common in Israel.[citation needed]
Roughly half of the Israeli-Jewish population attests to keeping kosher at home.[573][574] Kosher restaurants, though rare in the 1960s, make up around 25% of the total as of 2015[update], perhaps reflecting the largely secular values of those who dine out.[572] Hotel restaurants are much more likely to serve kosher food.[572] The non-kosher retail market was traditionally sparse, but grew rapidly and considerably following the influx of immigrants from the post-Soviet states during the 1990s.[575] Together with non-kosher fish, rabbits and ostriches, pork—often called "white meat" in Israel[575]—is produced and consumed, though it is forbidden by both Judaism and Islam.[576]
Sports
Main article: Sport in Israel




Teddy Stadium of Jerusalem


The most popular spectator sports in Israel are association football and basketball.[577] The Israeli Premier League is the country's premier football league, and the Israeli Basketball Premier League is the premier basketball league.[578] Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Beitar Jerusalem are the largest football clubs. Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Tel Aviv have competed in the UEFA Champions League and Hapoel Tel Aviv reached the UEFA Cup quarter-finals. Israel hosted and won the 1964 AFC Asian Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup, the only time it participated in the World Cup. The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games and since then has not competed in Asian sport events.[579] In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and its soccer teams now compete in Europe.[citation needed] Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. has won the European championship in basketball six times.[580] In 2016, the country was chosen as a host for the EuroBasket 2017.




Boris Gelfand, chess Grandmaster


Chess is a leading sport in Israel and is enjoyed by people of all ages. There are many Israeli grandmasters and Israeli chess players have won a number of youth world championships.[581] Israel stages an annual international championship and hosted the World Team Chess Championship in 2005. The Ministry of Education and the World Chess Federation agreed upon a project of teaching chess within Israeli schools, and it has been introduced into the curriculum of some schools.[582] The city of Beersheba has become a national chess center, with the game being taught in the city's kindergartens. Owing partly to Soviet immigration, it is home to the largest number of chess grandmasters of any city in the world.[583][584] The Israeli chess team won the silver medal at the 2008 Chess Olympiad[585] and the bronze, coming in third among 148 teams, at the 2010 Olympiad. Israeli grandmaster Boris Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009[586] and the 2011 Candidates Tournament for the right to challenge the world champion. He only lost the World Chess Championship 2012 to reigning world champion Anand after a speed-chess tie breaker.
Israel has won nine Olympic medals since its first win in 1992, including a gold medal in windsurfing at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[587] Israel has won over 100 gold medals in the Paralympic Games and is ranked 20th in the all-time medal count. The 1968 Summer Paralympics were hosted by Israel.[588] The Maccabiah Games, an Olympic-style event for Jewish and Israeli athletes, was inaugurated in the 1930s, and has been held every four years since then. Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe'er ranked 11th in the world on 31 January 2011.[589] Krav Maga, a martial art developed by Jewish ghetto defenders during the struggle against fascism in Europe, is used by the Israeli security forces and police. Its effectiveness and practical approach to self-defense, have won it widespread admiration and adherence around the world.[590]
See also


Israel portal



Index of Israel-related articles
Outline of Israel
 Israel – Wikipedia book


Notes



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.
^ a b The majority of the international community (including the UN General Assembly, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the International Criminal Court, and the vast majority of human rights organizations) considers Israel to be occupying Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Gaza is still considered to be "occupied" by the United Nations, international human rights organisations, and the majority of governments and legal commentators, despite the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, due to various forms of ongoing military and economic control.[22]
The government of Israel and some supporters have, at times, disputed this position of the international community. For more details of this terminology dispute, including with respect to the current status of the Gaza Strip, see International views on the Israeli-occupied territories and Status of territories captured by Israel.
For an explanation of the differences between an annexed but disputed territory (e.g., Tibet) and a militarily occupied territory, please see the article Military occupation.
^ (פלשתינה (א״י in Hebrew (translation: Palestine (Eretz Israel))



References


^ a b c "Latest Population Statistics for Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. January 2017. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ a b "Home page". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ Population Census 2008 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2008. Retrieved 27 December 2016. 
^ a b "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects". International Monetary Fund. April 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 18 February 2016. 
^ a b Human Development Index and its components (Report). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Palestinian Territories". State.gov. 22 April 2008. Retrieved 26 December 2012. 
^ Skolnik 2007, pp. 132–232
^ "GaWC – The World According to GaWC 2008". Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Retrieved 1 March 2009. 
^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ a b "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ a b "Resolution 181 (II). Future government of Palestine". United Nations. 29 November 1947. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. p. 75. Retrieved 24 July 2013. " p. 75 The night of 29–30 November passed in the Yishuv’s settlements in noisy public rejoicing. Most had sat glued to their radio sets broadcasting live from Flushing Meadow. A collective cry of joy went up when the two-thirds mark was achieved: a state had been sanctioned by the international community. ; p. 396 The immediate trigger of the 1948 War was the November 1947 UN partition resolution. The Zionist movement, except for its fringes, accepted the proposal.” 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. pp. 66, 67, 72. Retrieved 24 July 2013. p.66, at 1946 "The League demanded independence for Palestine as a "unitary" state, with an Arab majority and minority rights for the Jews." ; p.67, at 1947 "The League's Political Committee met in Sofar, Lebanon, on 16–19 September, and urged the Palestine Arabs to fight partition, which it called "aggression," "without mercy." The League promised them, in line with Bludan, assistance "in manpower, money and equipment" should the United Nations endorse partition." ; p. 72, at Dec 1947 "The League vowed, in very general language, "to try to stymie the partition plan and prevent the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine 
^ a b "Declaration of Establishment of State of Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 14 May 1948. Archived from the original on 17 March 2017. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Gilbert 2005, p. 1
^ "The status of Jerusalem" (PDF). The Question of Palestine & the United Nations. United Nations Department of Public Information. East Jerusalem has been considered, by both the General Assembly and the Security Council, as part of the occupied Palestinian territory. 
^ "Analysis: Kadima's big plans". BBC News. 29 March 2006. Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ Kessner, BC (2 April 2006). "Israel's Hard-Learned Lessons". Homeland Security Today. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ Kumaraswamy, P. R. (5 June 2002). "The Legacy of Undefined Borders". Tel Aviv Notes. Retrieved 25 March 2013. 
^ Sanger, Andrew (2011). M.N. Schmitt; Louise Arimatsu; Tim McCormack, eds. "The Contemporary Law of Blockade and the Gaza Freedom Flotilla". Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 2010. Springer Science & Business Media. 13: 429. ISBN 9789067048118. doi:10.1007/978-90-6704-811-8_14. Israel claims it no longer occupies the Gaza Strip, maintaining that it is neither a Stale nor a territory occupied or controlled by Israel, but rather it has 'sui generis' status. Pursuant to the Disengagement Plan, Israel dismantled all military institutions and settlements in Gaza and there is no longer a permanent Israeli military or civilian presence in the territory. However the Plan also provided that Israel will guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the Gaza Strip, will continue to maintain exclusive authority in Gaza air space, and will continue to exercise security activity in the sea off the coast of the Gaza Strip as well as maintaining an Israeli military presence on the Egyptian-Gaza border. and reserving the right to reenter Gaza at will.
Israel continues to control six of Gaza's seven land crossings, its maritime borders and airspace and the movement of goods and persons in and out of the territory. Egypt controls one of Gaza's land crossings. Troops from the Israeli Defence Force regularly enter pans of the territory and/or deploy missile attacks, drones and sonic bombs into Gaza. Israel has declared a no-go buffer zone that stretches deep into Gaza: if Gazans enter this zone they are shot on sight. Gaza is also dependent on israel for inter alia electricity, currency, telephone networks, issuing IDs, and permits to enter and leave the territory. Israel also has sole control of the Palestinian Population Registry through which the Israeli Army regulates who is classified as a Palestinian and who is a Gazan or West Banker. Since 2000 aside from a limited number of exceptions Israel has refused to add people to the Palestinian Population Registry.
It is this direct external control over Gaza and indirect control over life within Gaza that has led the United Nations, the UN General Assembly, the UN Fact Finding Mission to Gaza, International human rights organisations, US Government websites, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a significant number of legal commentators, to reject the argument that Gaza is no longer occupied. 
* Scobbie, Iain (2012). Elizabeth Wilmshurst, ed. International Law and the Classification of Conflicts. Oxford University Press. p. 295. ISBN 9780199657759. Even after the accession to power of Hamas, Israel's claim that it no longer occupies Gaza has not been accepted by UN bodies, most States, nor the majority of academic commentators because of its exclusive control of its border with Gaza and crossing points including the effective control it exerted over the Rafah crossing until at least May 2011, its control of Gaza's maritime zones and airspace which constitute what Aronson terms the 'security envelope' around Gaza, as well as its ability to intervene forcibly at will in Gaza. 
* Gawerc, Michelle (2012). Prefiguring Peace: Israeli-Palestinian Peacebuilding Partnerships. Lexington Books. p. 44. ISBN 9780739166109. While Israel withdrew from the immediate territory, Israel still controlled all access to and from Gaza through the border crossings, as well as through the coastline and the airspace. ln addition, Gaza was dependent upon Israel for water electricity sewage communication networks and for its trade (Gisha 2007. Dowty 2008). ln other words, while Israel maintained that its occupation of Gaza ended with its unilateral disengagement Palestinians – as well as many human right organizations and international bodies – argued that Gaza was by all intents and purposes still occupied. 
^ See for example:
* Hajjar, Lisa (2005). Courting Conflict: The Israeli Military Court System in the West Bank and Gaza. University of California Press. p. 96. ISBN 0520241940. The Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza is the longest military occupation in modern times. 
* Anderson, Perry (July–August 2001). "Editorial: Scurrying Towards Bethlehem". New Left Review. 10. ...longest official military occupation of modern history—currently entering its thirty-fifth year 
* Makdisi, Saree (2010). Palestine Inside Out: An Everyday Occupation. W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 9780393338447. ...longest-lasting military occupation of the modern age 
* Kretzmer, David (Spring 2012). "The law of belligerent occupation in the Supreme Court of Israel" (PDF). International Review of the Red Cross. 94 (885): 207–236. doi:10.1017/S1816383112000446. This is probably the longest occupation in modern international relations, and it holds a central place in all literature on the law of belligerent occupation since the early 1970s 
* Alexandrowicz, Ra'anan (24 January 2012), The Justice of Occupation, The New York Times, Israel is the only modern state that has held territories under military occupation for over four decades 
* Weill, Sharon (2014). The Role of National Courts in Applying International Humanitarian Law. Oxford University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9780199685424. Although the basic philosophy behind the law of military occupation is that it is a temporary situation modem occupations have well demonstrated that rien ne dure comme le provisoire A significant number of post-1945 occupations have lasted more than two decades such as the occupations of Namibia by South Africa and of East Timor by Indonesia as well as the ongoing occupations of Northern Cyprus by Turkey and of Western Sahara by Morocco. The Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, which is the longest in all occupation's history has already entered its fifth decade. 
^ a b Adriana Kemp, "Labour migration and racialisation: labour market mechanisms and labour migration control policies in Israel", Social Identities 10:2, 267–292, 2004
^ "Israel". Freedom in the World. Freedom House. 2008. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Augustus Richard Norton (2001). Civil society in the Middle East. 2 (2001). BRILL. p. 193. ISBN 90-04-10469-0. 
^ Rummel 1997, p. 257. "A current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ..."
^ "Global Survey 2006: Middle East Progress Amid Global Gains in Freedom". Freedom House. 19 December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ a b "Israel's accession to the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ a b Education at a Glance: Israel (Report). Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 15 September 2016. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "WHO: Life expectancy in Israel among highest in the world". Haaretz. 24 May 2009. 
^ "Popular Opinion". The Palestine Post. Jerusalem. 7 December 1947. p. 1. 
^ "On the Move". Time. New York. 31 May 1948. Archived from the original on 16 October 2007. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ Levine, Robert A. (7 November 2000). "See Israel as a Jewish Nation-State, More or Less Democratic". The New York Times. Retrieved 19 January 2011. 
^ William G. Dever, Did God Have a Wife?: Archaeology and Folk Religion in Ancient Israel, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 2005 p.186.
^ Geoffrey W. Bromiley, 'Israel,' in International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: E-J,Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1995 p.907.
^ R. L. Ottley, The Religion of Israel: A Historical Sketch, Cambridge University Press, 2013 pp.31–2 note 5.
^ Wells, John C. (1990). Longman pronunciation dictionary. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 381. ISBN 0-582-05383-8.  entry "Jacob".
^ "And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." (Genesis, 32:28, 35:10). See also Hosea 12:5.
^ Exodus 12:40–41
^ Exodus 6:16–20
^ Barton & Bowden 2004, p. 126. "The Merneptah Stele ... is arguably the oldest evidence outside the Bible for the existence of Israel as early as the 13th century BCE."
^ Noah Rayman (29 September 2014). "Mandatory Palestine: What It Was and Why It Matters". TIME. Retrieved 5 December 2015. 
^ Tchernov, Eitan (1988). "The Age of 'Ubeidiya Formation (Jordan Valley, Israel) and the Earliest Hominids in the Levant". Paléorient. 14 (2): 63–65. doi:10.3406/paleo.1988.4455. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Rincon, Paul (14 October 2015). "Fossil teeth place humans in Asia '20,000 years early'". BBC News. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Bar-Yosef, Ofer (7 December 1998). "The Natuﬁan Culture in the Levant, Threshold to the Origins of Agriculture" (PDF). Evolutionary Anthropology. 6 (5): 159–177. doi:10.1002/(SICI)1520-6505(1998)6:5<159::AID-EVAN4>3.0.CO;2-7. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ a b c d Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible unearthed : archaeology's new vision of ancient Israel and the origin of its stories (1st Touchstone ed. ed.). New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-86912-8. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ Dever, William (2001). What Did the Biblical Writers Know, and When Did They Know It?. Eerdmans. pp. 98–99. ISBN 3-927120-37-5. After a century of exhaustive investigation, all respectable archaeologists have given up hope of recovering any context that would make Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob credible "historical figures" [...] archaeological investigation of Moses and the Exodus has similarly been discarded as a fruitless pursuit. 
^ Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson (1986). A History of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. ISBN 0-664-21262-X. 
^ Lehman in Vaughn 1992, pp. 156–62.[full citation needed]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 70.
^ Miller 2012, p. 98.
^ McNutt 1999, p. 72.
^ Miller 2012, p. 99.
^ Miller 2012, p. 105.
^ Tubb, 1998. pp. 13–14
^ Mark Smith in "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" states "Despite the long regnant model that the Canaanites and Israelites were people of fundamentally different culture, archaeological data now casts doubt on this view. The material culture of the region exhibits numerous common points between Israelites and Canaanites in the Iron I period (c. 1200–1000 BCE). The record would suggest that the Israelite culture largely overlapped with and derived from Canaanite culture... In short, Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature. Given the information available, one cannot maintain a radical cultural separation between Canaanites and Israelites for the Iron I period." (pp. 6–7). Smith, Mark (2002) "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" (Eerdman's)
^ Rendsberg, Gary (2008). "Israel without the Bible". In Frederick E. Greenspahn. The Hebrew Bible: New Insights and Scholarship. NYU Press, pp. 3–5
^ Gnuse 1997, pp.28,31[title missing]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 35.
^ Bloch-Smith, Elizabeth (2003). "Israelite Ethnicity in Iron I: Archaeology Preserves What Is Remembered and What Is Forgotten in Israel's History". Journal of Biblical Literature. 122 (3): 401–425. ISSN 0021-9231. JSTOR 3268384. doi:10.2307/3268384. Retrieved 2017-07-16. 
^ Lipschits, Oded (2014). "The History of Israel in the Biblical Period". In Berlin, Adele; Brettler, Marc Zvi. The Jewish Study Bible (2nd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199978465. 
^ a b Kuhrt, Amiele (1995). The Ancient Near East. Routledge. p. 438. ISBN 978-0415167628. 
^ a b Wright, Jacob L. (July 2014). "David, King of Judah (Not Israel)". The Bible and Interpretation. 
^ K. L. Noll, Canaan and Israel in Antiquity: A Textbook on History and Religion, A&C Black, 2012, rev.ed. pp.137ff.
^ Thomas L. Thompson, Early History of the Israelite People: From the Written & Archaeological Sources, BRILL, 2000 pp. 275–76: 'They are rather a very specific group among the population of Palestine which bears a name that occurs here for the first time that at a much later stage in Palestine's history bears a substantially different signification.'
^ The personal name "Israel" appears much earlier, in material from Ebla. Hasel, Michael G. (1994-01-01). "Israel in the Merneptah Stela". Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research (296): 45–61. JSTOR 1357179. doi:10.2307/1357179. ; Bertman, Stephen (2005-07-14). Handbook to Life in Ancient Mesopotamia. OUP USA. ISBN 9780195183641.  and Meindert Dijkstra (2010). "Origins of Israel between history and ideology". In Becking, Bob; Grabbe, Lester. Between Evidence and Ideology Essays on the History of Ancient Israel read at the Joint Meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and the Oud Testamentisch Werkgezelschap Lincoln, July 2009. Brill. p. 47. ISBN 9789004187375. As a West Semitic personal name it existed long before it became a tribal or a geographical name. This is not without significance, though is it rarely mentioned. We learn of a maryanu named ysr"il (*Yi¡sr—a"ilu) from Ugarit living in the same period, but the name was already used a thousand years before in Ebla. The word Israel originated as a West Semitic personal name. One of the many names that developed into the name of the ancestor of a clan, of a tribe and finally of a people and a nation. 
^ Jonathan M Golden,Ancient Canaan and Israel: An Introduction, OUP USA, 2009 pp. 3–4.
^ Lemche, Niels Peter (1998). The Israelites in History and Tradition. Westminster John Knox Press. p. 35. ISBN 9780664227272. 
^ The Pitcher Is Broken: Memorial Essays for Gosta W. Ahlstrom, Steven W. Holloway, Lowell K. Handy, Continuum, 1 May 1995 Quote: "For Israel, the description of the battle of Qarqar in the Kurkh Monolith of Shalmaneser III (mid-ninth century) and for Judah, a Tiglath-pileser III text mentioning (Jeho-) Ahaz of Judah (IIR67 = K. 3751), dated 734-733, are the earliest published to date."
^ Broshi, Maguen (2001). Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls. Bloomsbury Publishing. p. 174. ISBN 1-84127-201-9. 
^ "British Museum – Cuneiform tablet with part of the Babylonian Chronicle (605–594 BCE)". Archived from the original on 30 October 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ See http://www.livius.org/cg-cm/chronicles/abc5/jerusalem.html reverse side, line 12.
^ a b "Second Temple Period (538 BCE. to 70 CE) Persian Rule". Biu.ac.il. Retrieved 2014-03-15. 
^ Harper's Bible Dictionary, ed. by Achtemeier, etc., Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1985, p.103
^ Cite error: The named reference Grabbe355 was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
^ Oppenheimer, A'haron and Oppenheimer, Nili. Between Rome and Babylon: Studies in Jewish Leadership and Society. Mohr Siebeck, 2005, p. 2.
^ Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (1996). Atlas of Jewish History. Routledge. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-415-08800-8. 
^ Lehmann, Clayton Miles (18 January 2007). "Palestine". Encyclopedia of the Roman Provinces. University of South Dakota. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ Morçöl 2006, p. 304
^ Judaism in late antiquity, Jacob Neusner, Bertold Spuler, Hady R Idris, BRILL, 2001, p. 155
^ Gil, Moshe (1997). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-59984-9. 
^ Allan D. Cooper (2009). The geography of genocide. University Press of America. p. 132. ISBN 978-0-7618-4097-8. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Carmel, Alex. The History of Haifa Under Turkish Rule. Haifa: Pardes, 2002 (ISBN 965-7171-05-9), pp. 16–17
^ Moshe Gil (1992). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. p. 829. ISBN 9780521404372. Retrieved 17 May 2015. Haifa was taken [...] in August 1100 or June 1101, according to Muslim sources which contradict one another. Albert of Aachen does not mention the date in a clear manner either. From what he says, it appears that it was mainly the Jewish inhabitants of the city who defended the fortress of Haifa. In his rather strange Latin style, he mentions that there was a Jewish population in Haifa, and that they fought bravely within the walls of the city. He explains that the Jews there were protected people of the Muslims (the Fatimids). They fought side by side with units of the Fatimid army, striking back at Tancred's army from above the walls of the citadel (... Judaei civis comixtis Sarracenorum turmis) until the Crusaders overcame them and they were forced to abandon the walls. The Muslims and the Jews then managed to escape from the fortress with their lives, while the rest of the population fled the city en masse. Whoever remained was slaughtered, and huge quantities of spoils were taken. [...] [Note #3: Albert of Aachen (Albericus, Albertus Aquensis), Historia Hierosolymitanae Expeditionis, in: RHC (Occ.), IV. p. 523; etc.] 
^ Irven M. Resnick (1 June 2012). Marks of Distinctions: Christian Perceptions of Jews in the High Middle Ages. CUA Press. pp. 48–49. ISBN 978-0-8132-1969-1. citizens of the Jewish race, who lived in the city by the favour and consent of the king of Egypt in return for payment of tribute, got on the walls bearing arms and put up a very stubborn defence, until the Christians, weighed down by various blows over the period of two weeks, absolutely despaired and held back their hands from any attack. [...] the Jewish citizens, mixed with Saracen troops, at once fought back manfully,... and counter-attacked. [Albert of Aachen, Historia Ierosolimitana 7.23, ed. and transl. Susan B. Edgington (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2007), 516 and 521.] 
^ Joshua Prawer. The Jews of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. pp. 34–40. 
^ The Abuhav Synagogue, Jewish Virtual Library.
^ Sefer HaCharedim Mitzvat Tshuva Chapter 3. Maimonides established a yearly holiday for himself and his sons, 6 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he went up to pray on the Temple Mount, and another, 9 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he merited to pray at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron.
^ Abraham P. Bloch (1987). "Sultan Saladin Opens Jerusalem to Jews". One a day: an anthology of Jewish historical anniversaries for every day of the year. KTAV Publishing House, Inc. p. 277. ISBN 978-0-88125-108-1. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Benzion Dinur (1974). "From Bar Kochba's Revolt to the Turkish Conquest". In David Ben-Gurion. The Jews in their Land. Aldus Books. p. 217. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Geoffrey Hindley (28 February 2007). Saladin: hero of Islam. Pen & Sword Military. p. xiii. ISBN 978-1-84415-499-9. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Alex Carmel; Peter Schäfer; Yossi Ben-Artzi (1990). The Jewish settlement in Palestine, 634–1881. L. Reichert. p. 31. ISBN 978-3-88226-479-1. Retrieved 21 December 2011. 
^ Samson ben Abraham of Sens, Jewish Encyclopedia.
^ Moshe Lichtman (September 2006). Eretz Yisrael in the Parshah: The Centrality of the Land of Israel in the Torah. Devora Publishing. p. 302. ISBN 978-1-932687-70-5. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ a b Kramer, Gudrun (2008). A History of Palestine: From the Ottoman Conquest to the Founding of the State of Israel. Princeton University Press. p. 376. ISBN 978-0-691-11897-0. 
^ M. Sharon (2010). "Al Khalil". Encyclopedia of Islam, Second Edition. Koninklijke Brill NV. 
^ International Dictionary of Historic Places: Middle East and Africa by Trudy Ring, Robert M. Salkin, Sharon La Boda, pp. 336–339
^ Dan Bahat (1976). Twenty centuries of Jewish life in the Holy Land: the forgotten generations. Israel Economist. p. 48. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ Fannie Fern Andrews (February 1976). The Holy Land under mandate. Hyperion Press. p. 145. ISBN 978-0-88355-304-6. Retrieved 25 December 2011. 
^ "The Covenant of the League of Nations". Article 22. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Mandate for Palestine," Encyclopaedia Judaica, Vol. 11, p. 862, Keter Publishing House, Jerusalem, 1972
^ Rosenzweig 1997, p. 1 "Zionism, the urge of the Jewish people to return to Palestine, is almost as ancient as the Jewish diaspora itself. Some Talmudic statements ... Almost a millennium later, the poet and philosopher Yehuda Halevi ... In the 19th century ..."
^ a b Geoffrey Wigoder, G.G. (ed.). "Return to Zion". The New Encyclopedia of Judaism (via Answers.Com). The Jerusalem Publishing House. Retrieved 8 March 2010. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ "An invention called 'the Jewish people'". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 18 April 2010. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 2. "Jews sought a new homeland here after their expulsions from Spain (1492) ..."
^ Eisen, Yosef (2004). Miraculous journey: a complete history of the Jewish people from creation to the present. Targum Press. p. 700. ISBN 1-56871-323-1. 
^ Morgenstern, Arie (2006). Hastening redemption: Messianism and the resettlement of the land of Israel. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-19-530578-4. 
^ "Jewish and Non-Jewish Population of Palestine-Israel (1517–2004)". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ Barnai, Jacob (1992). The Jews in Palestine in the Eighteenth Century: Under the Patronage of the Istanbul committee of Officials for Palestine. University Alabama Press. p. 320. ISBN 978-0-8173-0572-7. 
^ a b c d "Immigration to Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2012.  The source provides information on the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Aliyot in their respective articles. The White Paper leading to Aliyah Bet is discussed "Aliyah During World War II and its Aftermath". 
^ Kornberg 1993 "How did Theodor Herzl, an assimilated German nationalist in the 1880s, suddenly in the 1890s become the founder of Zionism?"
^ Herzl 1946, p. 11
^ "Chapter One". The Jewish Agency for Israel1. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Stein 2003, p. 88. "As with the First Aliyah, most Second Aliyah migrants were non-Zionist orthodox Jews ..."
^ Romano 2003, p. 30
^ Macintyre, Donald (26 May 2005). "The birth of modern Israel: A scrap of paper that changed history". The Independent. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yapp, M.E. (1987). The Making of the Modern Near East 1792–1923. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 290. ISBN 0-582-49380-3. 
^ Schechtman, Joseph B. (2007). "Jewish Legion". Encyclopaedia Judaica. 11. Detroit: Macmillan Reference USA. p. 304. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ Scharfstein 1996, p. 269. "During the First and Second Aliyot, there were many Arab attacks against Jewish settlements ... In 1920, Hashomer was disbanded and Haganah ("The Defense") was established."
^ "League of Nations: The Mandate for Palestine, July 24, 1922". Modern History Sourcebook. Fordham University. 24 July 1922. Retrieved 27 August 2007. 
^ Shaw, J. V. W. (January 1991) [1946]. "Chapter VI: Population". A Survey of Palestine. Volume I: Prepared in December 1945 and January 1946 for the information of the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry (Reprint ed.). Washington, D.C.: Institute for Palestine Studies. p. 148. ISBN 978-0-88728-213-3. OCLC 22345421. Lay summary. 
^ "Report to the League of Nations on Palestine and Transjordan, 1937". British Government. 1937. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Walter Laqueur (2009-07-01). A History of Zionism: From the French Revolution to the Establishment of the State of Israel. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 9780307530851. Retrieved 2015-10-15. 
^ Hughes, M (2009). "The banality of brutality: British armed forces and the repression of the Arab Revolt in Palestine, 1936–39". English Historical Review. CXXIV (507): 314–354. doi:10.1093/ehr/cep002. 
^ Khalidi, Walid (1987). From Haven to Conquest: Readings in Zionism and the Palestine Problem Until 1948. Institute for Palestine Studies. ISBN 978-0-88728-155-6
^ "The Population of Palestine Prior to 1948". MidEastWeb. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Fraser 2004, p. 27
^ The Terrorism Ahead: Confronting Transnational Violence in the Twenty-First | By Paul J. Smith | M.E. Sharpe, 10 Sep 2007 | pg 27
^ Encyclopedia of Terrorism, Harvey W. Kushner, Sage, 2003 p.181
^ Encyclopædia Britannica article on the Irgun Zvai Leumi
^ The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. William Roger Louis, Oxford University Press, 1986, p. 430
^ a b c Clarke, Thurston. By Blood and Fire, G. P. Puttnam's Sons, New York, 1981
^ a b Bethell, Nicholas (1979). The Palestine Triangle. Andre Deutsch. 
^ Hoffman, Bruce (1999). Inside Terrorism. Columbia University Press. pp. 48–52. 
^ "A/RES/106 (S-1)". General Assembly resolution. United Nations. 15 May 1947. Archived from the original on 6 August 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "A/364". Special Committee on Palestine. United Nations. 3 September 1947. Archived from the original on 10 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Background Paper No. 47 (ST/DPI/SER.A/47)". United Nations. 20 April 1949. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 40–41
^ Gelber, Yoav (2006). Palestine 1948. Brighton: Sussex Academic Press. p. 17. ISBN 978-1-902210-67-4. 
^ Morris, 2008, p. 77-78
^ Tal, David (2003). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 471. ISBN 978-0-7146-5275-7. 
^ Morris, Benny (2008). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. New Haven, Conn.: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-15112-8. 
^ Clifford, Clark, "Counsel to the President: A Memoir", 1991, p. 20.
^ Jacobs, Frank (7 August 2012). "The Elephant in the Map Room". Borderlines. The New York Times. Retrieved 3 September 2012. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. p. 50. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1058
^ Morris, 2008, p. 205[title missing]
^ Rabinovich, Itamar; Reinharz, Jehuda (2007). Israel in the Middle East: Documents and Readings on Society, Politics, and Foreign Relations, Pre-1948 to the Present. Brandeis. p. 74. ISBN 978-0-87451-962-4. 
^ David Tal (24 June 2004). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 469. ISBN 978-1-135-77513-1. some of the Arab armies invaded Palestine in order to prevent the establishment of a Jewish state, Transjordan... 
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 396. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. The Arab war aim, in both stages of the hostilities, was, at a minimum, to abort the emergence of a Jewish state or to destroy it at inception. The Arab states hoped to accomplish this by conquering all or large parts of the territory allotted to the Jews by the United Nations. And some Arab leaders spoke of driving the Jews into the sea19 and ridding Palestine "of the Zionist plague."20 The struggle, as the Arabs saw it, was about the fate of Palestine/ the Land of Israel, all of it, not over this or that part of the country. But, in public, official Arab spokesmen often said that the aim of the May 1948 invasion was to "save" Palestine or "save the Palestinians," definitions more agreeable to Western ears.  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 187. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. A week before the armies marched, Azzam told Kirkbride: "It does not matter how many [ Jews] there are. We will sweep them into the sea." ... Ahmed Shukeiry, one of Haj Amin al-Husseini's aides (and, later, the founding chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization), simply described the aim as "the elimination of the Jewish state." ...al-Quwwatli told his people: "Our army has entered ... we shall win and we shall eradicate Zionism)  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 198. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. the Jews felt that the Arabs aimed to reenact the Holocaust and that they faced certain personal and collective slaughter should they lose  
^ "PDF copy of Cablegram from the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: S/745: 15 May 1948". Un.org. 9 September 2002. Archived from the original on 7 January 2014. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Morris, Benny. The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem Revisited. Cambridge University Press. p. 602. ISBN 978-0-521-00967-6. 
^ "Two Hundred and Seventh Plenary Meeting". The United Nations. 11 May 1949. Archived from the original on 12 September 2007. Retrieved 13 July 2007. 
^ William Roger Louis (1984). The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. Clarendon Press. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-19-822960-5. The transcript makes it clear that British policy acted as a brake on Jordan." "King Abdullah was personally anxious to come to agreement with Israel", Kirkbride stated, and in fact it was our restraining influence which had so far prevented him from doing so." Knox Helm confirmed that the Israelis hoped to have a settlement with Jordan, and that they now genuinely wished to live peacefully within their frontiers, if only for economic reasons 
^ Lustick 1988, pp. 37–39
^ "Israel (Labor Zionism)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Kibbutz & Moshav: History & Overview". Jewish Virtual Library. Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 17 June 2014. 
^ Anita Shapira (1992). Land and Power. Stanford University Press. pp. 416, 419. 
^ Segev, Tom. 1949: The First Israelis. "The First Million". Trans. Arlen N. Weinstein. New York: The Free Press, 1986. Print. p 105-107
^ Shulewitz, Malka Hillel (2001). The Forgotten Millions: The Modern Jewish Exodus from Arab Lands. Continuum. ISBN 978-0-8264-4764-7. 
^ Laskier, Michael "Egyptian Jewry under the Nasser Regime, 1956–70" pages 573–619 from Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 31, Issue # 3, July 1995 page 579.
^ a b "Population, by Religion and Population Group" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 7 August 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell (2003). The Founding of the State of Israel. Greenhaven Press. p. 15. 
^ Hakohen, Devorah (2003). Immigrants in Turmoil: Mass Immigration to Israel and Its Repercussions in the 1950s and After. Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-2969-6. ; for ma'abarot population, see p. 269.
^ Clive Jones, Emma Murphy, Israel: Challenges to Identity, Democracy, and the State, Routledge 2002 p. 37: "Housing units earmarked for the Oriental Jews were often reallocated to European Jewish immigrants; Consigning Oriental Jews to the privations of ma'aborot (transit camps) for longer periods."
^ Segev 2007, pp. 155–157
^ Shindler 2002, pp. 49–50
^ Kameel B. Nasr (1 December 1996). Arab and Israeli Terrorism: The Causes and Effects of Political Violence, 1936–1993. McFarland. pp. 40–. ISBN 978-0-7864-3105-2. Fedayeen to attack...almost always against civilians 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 58
^ Isaac Alteras (1993). Eisenhower and Israel: U.S.-Israeli Relations, 1953–1960. University Press of Florida. pp. 192–. ISBN 978-0-8130-1205-6. the removal of the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. The blockade closed Israel's sea lane to East Africa and the Far East, hindering the development of Israel's southern port of Eilat and its hinterland, the Nege. Another important objective of the Israeli war plan was the elimination of the terrorist bases in the Gaza Strip, from which daily fedayeen incursions into Israel made life unbearable for its southern population. And last but not least, the concentration of the Egyptian forces in the Sinai Peninsula, armed with the newly acquired weapons from the Soviet bloc, prepared for an attack on Israel. Here, Ben-Gurion believed, was a time bomb that had to be defused before it was too late. Reaching the Suez Canal did not figure at all in Israel's war objectives.  
^ Dominic Joseph Caraccilo (January 2011). Beyond Guns and Steel: A War Termination Strategy. ABC-CLIO. pp. 113–. ISBN 978-0-313-39149-1. The escalation continued with the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran, and Nasser's nationalization of the Suez Canal in July 1956. On October 14, Nasser made clear his intent:"I am not solely fighting against Israel itself. My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad. Our hatred is very strong. There is no sense in talking about peace with Israel. There is not even the smallest place for negotiations." Less than two weeks later, on October 25, Egypt signed a tripartite agreement with Syria and Jordan placing Nasser in command of all three armies. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Gulf of Aqaba to Israeli shipping, combined with the increased fedayeen attacks and the bellicosity of recent Arab statements, prompted Israel, with the backing of Britain and France, to attack Egypt on October 29, 1956. 
^ Alan Dowty (20 June 2005). Israel/Palestine. Polity. pp. 102–. ISBN 978-0-7456-3202-5. Gamal Abdel Nasser, who declared in one speech that "Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death."...The level of violence against Israelis, soldiers and civilians alike, seemed to be rising inexorably. 
^ "The Jewish Virtual Library, The Sinai-Suez Campaign: Background & Overview". In 1955, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser began to import arms from the Soviet Bloc to build his arsenal for the confrontation with Israel. In the short-term, however, he employed a new tactic to prosecute Egypt's war with Israel. He announced it on August 31, 1955: Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death. These "heroes" were Arab terrorists, or fedayeen, trained and equipped by Egyptian Intelligence to engage in hostile action on the border and infiltrate Israel to commit acts of sabotage and murder. 
^ Schoenherr, Steven (15 December 2005). "The Suez Crisis". Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ Gorst, Anthony; Johnman, Lewis (1997). The Suez Crisis. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-11449-3. 
^ Benny Morris (25 May 2011). Righteous Victims: A History of the Zionist-Arab Conflict, 1881–1998. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. pp. 300, 301. ISBN 978-0-307-78805-4. (p. 300) In exchange (for Israeli withdrawal) the United states had indirectly promised to guarantee Israel's right of passage through the straits (to the Red sea) and its right to self defense if the Egyptian closed them....(p 301) The 1956 war resulted in a significant reduction of...Israeli border tension. Egypt refrained from reactivating the Fedaeen, and...Egypt and Jordan made great effort to curb infiltration 
^ "National insurance institute of Israel, Hostile Action Casualties" (in Hebrew). list of people who were kiled in hostile action: 53 In 1956, 19 in 1957, 15 in 1958 
^ "jewish virtual library, Terrorism Against Israel: Number of Fatalities". 53 at 1956, 19 at 1957, 15 at 1958 
^ "Jewish virtual library, MYTH "Israel's military strike in 1956 was unprovoked."". Israeli Ambassador to the UN Abba Eban explained ... As a result of these actions of Egyptian hostility within Israel, 364 Israelis were wounded and 101 killed. In 1956 alone, as a result of this aspect of Egyptian aggression, 28 Israelis were killed and 127 wounded. 
^ "Adolf Eichmann". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 18 September 2007. 
^ Cole 2003, p. 27. "... the Eichmann trial, which did so much to raise public awareness of the Holocaust ..."
^ Shlomo Shpiro (2006). "No place to hide: Intelligence and civil liberties in Israel". Cambridge Review of International Affairs. 19 (44): 629–648. doi:10.1080/09557570601003361. 
^ "The Politics of Miscalculation in the Middle East", by Richard B. Parker (1993 Indiana University Press) pp. 38
^ Maoz, Moshe (1995). Syria and Israel: From War to Peacemaking. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 70. ISBN 978-0-19-828018-7. 
^ "On This Day 5 Jun". BBC. 5 June 1967. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Segev 2007, p. 178
^ Gat, Moshe (2003). Britain and the Conflict in the Middle East, 1964–1967: The Coming of the Six-Day War. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 202. ISBN 0275975142. 
^ John Quigley, The Six-Day War and Israeli Self-Defense: Questioning the Legal Basis for Preventive War, Cambridge University Press, 2013, p. 32.
^ Samir A. Mutawi (18 July 2002). Jordan in the 1967 War. Cambridge University Press. p. 93. ISBN 978-0-521-52858-0. Although Eshkol denounced the Egyptians, his response to this development was a model of moderation. His speech on 21 May demanded that Nasser withdraw his forces from Sinai but made no mention of the removal of UNEF from the Straits nor of what Israel would do if they were closed to Israeli shipping. The next day Nasser announced to an astonished world that henceforth the Straits were, indeed, closed to all Israeli ships 
^ Segev 2007, p. 289
^ Smith 2006, p. 126. "Nasser, the Egyptian president, decided to mass troops in the Sinai ... casus belli by Israel."
^ Bennet, James (13 March 2005). "The Interregnum". The New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Palestinian National Covenant- July 1968". Mfa.gov.il. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Silke, Andrew (2004). Research on Terrorism: Trends, Achievements and Failures. Routledge. p. 149 (256 pages). ISBN 978-0-7146-8273-0. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Martin (2002). The Routledge Atlas of the Arab–Israeli Conflict: The Complete History of the Struggle and the Efforts to Resolve It. Routledge. p. 82. ISBN 978-0-415-28116-4. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Andrews, Edmund; Kifner, John (27 January 2008). "George Habash, Palestinian Terrorism Tactician, Dies at 82". The New York Times. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "1973: Arab states attack Israeli forces". On This Day. The BBC. 6 October 1973. Retrieved 15 July 2007. 
^ "Agranat Commission". Knesset. 2008. Retrieved 8 April 2010. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 169–170 "In hindsight we can say that 1977 was a turning point ..."
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 171–174
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186–187
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 356. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ Lustick, Ian (1997). "Has Israel Annexed East Jerusalem?" (PDF). Middle East Policy. Washington, D.C.: Wiley-Blackwell. V (1): 34–45. ISSN 1061-1924. OCLC 4651987544. doi:10.1111/j.1475-4967.1997.tb00247.x. Retrieved 1 June 2013. 
^ See for example UN General Assembly resolution 63/30, passed 163 for, 6 against "Resolution adopted by the General Assembly". 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. 
^ "Golan Heights profile". BBC News. 27 November 2015. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ Friedberg, Rachel M. (November 2001). "The Impact of Mass Migration on the Israeli Labor Market" (PDF). The Quarterly Journal of Economics. 116 (4): 1373–1408. doi:10.1162/003355301753265606. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 199
^ Tessler, Mark A. (1994). A History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Indiana University Press. p. 677. ISBN 978-0-253-20873-6. 
^ Stone & Zenner 1994, p. 246. "Toward the end of 1991 ... were the result of internal Palestinian terror."
^ Haberman, Clyde (9 December 1991). "After 4 Years, Intifada Still Smolders". The New York Times. Retrieved 28 March 2008. 
^ Mowlana, Gerbner & Schiller 1992, p. 111
^ Bregman 2002, p. 236
^ "From the End of the Cold War to 2001". Boston College. Archived from the original on 27 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The Oslo Accords, 1993". U.S. Department of State. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ "Israel-PLO Recognition – Exchange of Letters between PM Rabin and Chairman Arafat – Sept 9- 1993". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ Harkavy & Neuman 2001, p. 270. "Even though Jordan in 1994 became the second country, after Egypt to sign a peace treaty with Israel ..."
^ "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991–2003". Settlements information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kurtzer, Daniel; Lasensky, Scott (2008). Negotiating Arab-Israeli peace: American leadership in the Middle East. United States Institute of Peace Press. p. 44. ISBN 978-1-60127-030-6. 
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 494. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ "Israel marks Rabin assassination". BBC News. 12 November 2005. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 257
^ "The Wye River Memorandum". U.S. Department of State. 23 October 1998. Archived from the original on 24 December 1999. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ Gelvin 2005, p. 240
^ Gross, Tom (16 January 2014). "The big myth: that he caused the Second Intifada". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Hong, Nicole (23 February 2015). "Jury Finds Palestinian Authority, PLO Liable for Terrorist Attacks in Israel a Decade Ago". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Ain, Stewart (20 December 2000). "PA: Intifada Was Planned". The Jewish Week. Archived from the original on 13 October 2007. 
^ Samuels, David (1 September 2005). "In a Ruined Country". The Atlantic. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "West Bank barrier route disputed, Israeli missile kills 2". USA Today. 29 July 2004. Archived from the original on 20 October 2012. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ Harel, Amos; Issacharoff, Avi (1 October 2010). "Years of rage". Haaretz. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ King, Laura (28 September 2004). "Losing Faith in the Intifada". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Diehl, Jackson (27 September 2004). "From Jenin To Fallujah?". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Amidror, Yaakov. "Winning Counterinsurgency War: The Israeli Experience" (PDF). Strategic Perspectives. Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Pipes, Daniel (14 September 2008). "Must Counterinsurgency Wars Fail?". The Washington Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Frisch, Hillel (12 January 2009). "The Need for a Decisive Israeli Victory Over Hamas". Perspectives Papers on Current Affairs. Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies. Archived from the original on 14 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Buchris, Ofek (9 March 2006). "The "Defensive Shield" Operation as a Turning Point in Israel's National Security Strategy" (PDF). Strategy Research Project. United States Army War College. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Krauthammer, Charles (18 June 2004). "Israel's Intifada Victory". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Plocker, Sever (22 June 2008). "2nd Intifada forgotten". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Ya'alon, Moshe (January 2007). "Lessons from the Palestinian 'War' against Israel" (PDF). Policy Focus. Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Hendel, Yoaz (20 September 2010). "Letting the IDF win". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Zvi Shtauber; Yiftah Shapir (2006). The Middle East strategic balance, 2004–2005. Sussex Academic Press. p. 7. ISBN 978-1-84519-108-5. Retrieved 12 February 2012. 
^ https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Terrorism/victims.html#2000; The Psychology of Strategic Terrorism: Public and Government Responses to Attack, Shepherd, Ben, p. 172
^ "Fatalities before Operation "Cast Lead"". B'Tselem. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "Security Council Calls for End to Hostilities between Hizbollah, Israel, Unanimously Adopting Resolution 1701 (2006)". United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701. 11 August 2006. 
Escalation of hostilities in Lebanon and in Israel since Hizbollah's attack on Israel on 12 July 2006
^ Harel, Amos (13 July 2006). "Hezbollah kills 8 soldiers, kidnaps two in offensive on northern border". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Koutsoukis, Jason (5 January 2009). "Battleground Gaza: Israeli ground forces invade the strip". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 5 January 2009. 
^ Ravid, Barak (18 January 2009). "IDF begins Gaza troop withdrawal, hours after ending 3-week offensive". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Azoulay, Yuval (1 January 2009). "Two IDF soldiers, civilian lightly hurt as Gaza mortars hit Negev". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Lappin, Yaakov; Lazaroff, Tovah (12 November 2012). "Gaza groups pound Israel with over 100 rockets". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ Stephanie Nebehay (20 November 2012). "UN rights boss, Red Cross urge Israel, Hamas to spare civilians". Reuters. Retrieved 20 November 2012. ; al-Mughrabi, Nidal (24 November 2012). "Hamas leader defiant as Israel eases Gaza curbs". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2013. ; "Israeli air strike kills top Hamas commander Jabari". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 14 November 2012. 
^ "Israel and Hamas Trade Attacks as Tension Rises". The New York Times. 8 July 2014. 
^ Cohen, Gili (9 January 2012). "Israel Navy to devote majority of missile boats to secure offshore drilling rafts". Haaretz. 
^ "Area of Districts, Sub-Districts, Natural Regions and Lakes". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 11 September 2012. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel (Geography)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. 7 May 2009. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Coastal Plain". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ "The Living Dead Sea". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 April 1999. ISBN 0-8264-0406-5. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ Makhteshim Country. UNESCO. ISBN 954-642-135-9. Retrieved 19 September 2007. 
^ Jacobs 1998, p. 284. "The extraordinary Makhtesh Ramon – the largest natural crater in the world ..." "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2 April 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "Makhtesh Ramon". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ Rinat, Zafrir (29 May 2008). "More endangered than rain forests?". Haaretz. Tel Aviv. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ferry M.; Meghraoui M.; Karaki A.A.; Al-Taj M.; Amoush H.; Al-Dhaisat S.; Barjous M. (2008). "A 48-kyr-long slip rate history for the Jordan Valley segment of the Dead Sea Fault". Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 260 (3–4): 394–406. Bibcode:2007E&PSL.260..394F. doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2007.05.049. 
^ a b American Friends of the Tel Aviv University, Earthquake Experts at Tel Aviv University Turn to History for Guidance (October 4, 2007). Quote: The major ones were recorded along the Jordan Valley in the years 31 B.C.E., 363 C.E., 749 C.E., and 1033 C.E. "So roughly, we are talking about an interval of every 400 years. If we follow the patterns of nature, a major quake should be expected any time because almost a whole millennium has passed since the last strong earthquake of 1033." (Tel Aviv University Associate Professor Dr. Shmuel (Shmulik) Marco). [1]
^ a b Zafrir Renat, Israel Is Due, and Ill Prepared, for Major Earthquake, Haaretz, 15 January 2010. "On average, a destructive earthquake takes place in Israel once every 80 years, causing serious casualties and damage." [2]
^ Watzman, Haim (8 February 1997). "Left for dead". New Scientist. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "WMO Region 6: Highest Temperature". World Meteorological Organization. Archived from the original on 16 April 2015. Retrieved 3 April 2009. 
^ Goldreich 2003, p. 85
^ "Average Weather for Tel Aviv-Yafo". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ "Average Weather for Jerusalem". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ Sitton, Dov (20 September 2003). "Development of Limited Water Resources- Historical and Technological Aspects". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 7 November 2007. 
^ a b Grossman, Gershon; Ayalon, Ofira; Baron, Yifaat; Kauffman, Debby. "Solar energy for the production of heat Summary and recommendations of the 4th assembly of the energy forum at SNI". Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Flora of Israel Online". Flora.huji.ac.il. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "National Parks and Nature Reserves, Israel". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 18 September 2012. 
^ "Population, by Religion". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "On Israel's 69th birthday, population reaches 8.68 million". Retrieved 17 July 2017. 
^ "Monthly Bulletin of Statistics". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ "ISRAEL: Crackdown on illegal migrants and visa violators". IRIN. 14 July 2009. 
^ "Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation". Reuters. 11 June 2012. 
^ "THE LAND: Urban Life". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ "The Law of Return". Knesset. Archived from the original on 27 November 2005. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2000) [2000]. Still Moving: Recent Jewish Migration in Comparative Perspective, Daniel J. Elazar and Morton Weinfeld eds., ed. 'The Global Context of Migration to Israel'. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers. pp. 13–60. ISBN 1-56000-428-2. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Herman, Pini (1 September 1983). "The Myth of the Israeli Expatriate". Moment Magazine. 8 (8): 62–63. 
^ Gould, Eric D.; Moav, Omer (2007). "Israel's Brain Drain". Israel Economic Review. Bank of Israel. 5 (1): 1–22. SSRN 2180400 . 
^ Rettig Gur, Haviv (6 April 2008). "Officials to US to bring Israelis home". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Jews, by Continent of Origin, Continent of Birth & Period of Immigration". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "From Sephardi to Mizrahi and Back Again: Changing Meanings of "Sephardi" in Its Social Environments". 
^ "The myth of the Mizrahim". The Guardian. London. 3 April 2009. 
^ Shields, Jacqueline. "Jewish Refugees from Arab Countries". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "Missing Mizrahim". 
^ Okun, Barbara S.; Khait-Marelly, Orna (2006). "Socioeconomic Status and Demographic Behavior of Adult Multiethnics: Jews in Israel" (PDF). Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 October 2013. Retrieved 26 May 2013. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2011). "Jewish Demographic Policies" (PDF). The Jewish People Policy Institute. 
^ "Israel (people)". Encyclopedia.com. 2007. 
^ Yoram Ettinger (5 April 2013). "Defying demographic projections". Israel Hayom. Retrieved 29 October 2013. 
^ a b c "Localities and Population, by Population Group, District, Sub-District and Natural Region". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ a b "Population of Jerusalem, by Age, Religion and Geographical Spreading, 2014" (PDF). The Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "Settlements in the Gaza Strip". Settlement Information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 12 December 2007. 
^ "Localities, Population and Density per Sq. Km., by Metropolitan Area and Selected Localities". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 19 January 2017. 
^ a b c "List of localities, in Alphabetical order" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 16 October 2016. 
^ Roberts 1990, p. 60 Although East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights have been brought directly under Israeli law, by acts that amount to annexation, both of these areas continue to be viewed by the international community as occupied, and their status as regards the applicability of international rules is in most respects identical to that of the West Bank and Gaza.
^ Israel Central Bureau of Statistics: The Ethiopian Community in Israel
^ "Israel may admit 3,000 Ethiopia migrants if Jews". Reuters. 16 July 2009. 
^ Meyer, Bill (17 August 2008). "Israel's welcome for Ethiopian Jews wears thin". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "Study: Soviet immigrants outperform Israeli students". Haaretz. 10 February 2008. 
^ "French radio station RFI makes aliyah". Ynetnews. 5 December 2011. 
^ Spolsky, Bernard (1999). Round Table on Language and Linguistics. Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press. pp. 169–70. ISBN 0-87840-132-6. In 1948, the newly independent state of Israel took over the old British regulations that had set English, Arabic, and Hebrew as official languages for Mandatory Palestine but, as mentioned, dropped English from the list. In spite of this, official language use has maintained a de facto role for English, after Hebrew but before Arabic. 
^ Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava (2004). "Part I: Language and Discourse". In Diskin Ravid, Dorit; Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava. Perspectives on Language and Development: Essays in Honor of Ruth A. Berman. Kluwer Academic Publishers. p. 90. ISBN 1-4020-7911-7. English is not considered official but it plays a dominant role in the educational and public life of Israeli society. ... It is the language most widely used in commerce, business, formal papers, academia, and public interactions, public signs, road directions, names of buildings, etc. English behaves 'as if' it were the second and official language in Israel. 
^ Shohamy, Elana (2006). Language Policy: Hidden Agendas and New Approaches. Routledge. pp. 72–73. ISBN 0-415-32864-0. In terms of English, there is no connection between the declared policies and statements and de facto practices. While English is not declared anywhere as an official language, the reality is that it has a very high and unique status in Israel. It is the main language of the academy, commerce, business, and the public space. 
^ "English programs at Israeli universities and colleges". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ Starr, Kelsey Jo; Masci, David (8 March 2016). "In Israel, Jews are united by homeland but divided into very different groups". Pew Research Center. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "At the edge of the abyss". Haaretz. 24 November 2009. 
^  McMahon, Arthur. L. (1913). "Holy Sepulchre". In Herbermann, Charles. Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company. 
^ Bassok, Moti (25 December 2006). "Israel's Christian population numbers 148,000 as of Christmas Eve". Haaretz. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "National Population Estimates" (PDF). Central Bureau of Statistics: 27. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's disputatious Avigdor Lieberman: Can the coalition hold together?". The Economist. 11 March 2010. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Levine, Lee I. (1999). Jerusalem: its sanctity and centrality to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 516. ISBN 978-0-8264-1024-5. 
^ Hebrew Phrasebook. Lonely Planet Publications. 1 November 1999. p. 156. ISBN 0-86442-528-7. 
^ "The Bahá'í World Centre: Focal Point for a Global Community". The Bahá'í International Community. Archived from the original on 29 June 2007. Retrieved 2 July 2007. 
^ "Teaching the Faith in Israel". Bahá'í Library Online. 23 June 1995. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Kababir and Central Carmel – Multiculturalism on the Carmel". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Visit Haifa". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Education in Ancient Israel". American Bible Society. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Moaz, Asher (July 2007). "Religious Education in Israel". Tel Aviv University Law Faculty Papers. 
^ a b David Adler (10 March 2014). "Ambitious Israeli students look to top institutions abroad". ICEF. Retrieved 20 January 2015. 
^ Karin Kloosterman (30 October 2005). "Bill Gates – Israel is a high tech superpower". Israel21. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Gary Shapiro (11 July 2013). "What Are The Secrets Behind Israel's Growing Innovative Edge?". Forbes. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ "Top Ten Reasons to Invest in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Israel: IT Workforce". Information Technology Landscape in Nations Around the World. American University. Archived from the original on 13 September 2006. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ "Israeli Schools: Religious and Secular Problems". Education Resources Information Center. 10 October 1984. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kashti, Or; Ilan, Shahar (18 July 2007). "Knesset raises school dropout age to 18". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Summary of the Principal Laws Related to Education". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 26 January 2003. Archived from the original on 18 February 2006. Retrieved 4 August 2007. 
^ a b Shetreet, Ida Ben; Woolf, Laura L. (2010). "Education" (PDF). Publications Department. Ministry of Immigrant Absorption. Retrieved 30 August 2012. 
^ "Religion and Education Around the World". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "6. Jewish educational attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "How Religious Groups Differ in Educational Attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "Jews at top of class in first-ever global study of religion and education". 13 December 2016. 
^ "The Israeli Matriculation Certificate". United States-Israel Educational Foundation via the University of Szeged University Library. January 1996. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "המגזר הערבי נוצרי הכי מצליח במערכת החינוך)". Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Christians in Israel: Strong in education". ynet. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ Konstantinov, Viacheslav (2015). "Patterns of Integration into Israeli Society among Immigrants from the Former Soviet Union over the Past Two Decades". Myers-JDC-Brookdale Institute. Retrieved 9 March 2017. 
^ "עולים מחבר העמים מצליחים יותר בבגרויות". וואלה! חדשות. 
^ "Students in Grade 12 - Matriculation Examinees and Those Entitled to a Certificate". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 5 March 2017. 
^ "Higher Education in Israel". Embassy of Israel In India. Archived from the original on 25 July 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Paraszczuk, Joanna (17 July 2012). "Ariel gets university status, despite opposition". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Technion". Technion. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "Israel". Monash University. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "History of the Library". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ a b "Israel". Academic Ranking of World Universities. 2016. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ a b "Field Listing — Executive Branch". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 19 June 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ In 1996, direct elections for the prime minister were inaugurated, but the system was declared unsatisfactory and the old one reinstated. See "Israel's election process explained". BBC News. 23 January 2003. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ "The Electoral System in Israel". The Knesset. Retrieved 8 August 2007. 
^ Mazie 2006, p. 34
^ Charbit, Denis (2014). "Israel's Self-Restrained Secularism from the 1947 Status Quo Letter to the Present". In Berlinerblau, Jacques; Fainberg, Sarah; Nou, Aurora. Secularism on the Edge: Rethinking Church-State Relations in the United States, France, and Israel. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. pp. 167–169. ISBN 978-1-137-38115-6. The compromise, therefore, was to choose constructive ambiguity: as surprising as it may seem, there is no law that declares Judaism the official religion of Israel. However, there is no other law that declares Israel's neutrality toward all confessions. Judaism is not recognized as the official religion of the state, and even though the Jewish, Muslim and Christian clergy receive their salaries from the state, this fact does not make Israel a neutral state. This apparent pluralism cannot dissimulate the fact that Israel displays a clear and undoubtedly hierarchical pluralism in religious matters. ... It is important to note that from a multicultural point of view, this self-restrained secularism allows Muslim law to be practiced in Israel for personal matters of the Muslim community. As surprising as it seems, if not paradoxical for a state in war, Israel is the only Western democratic country in which Sharia enjoys such an official status. 
^ Sharot, Stephen (2007). "Judaism in Israel: Public Religion, Neo-Traditionalism, Messianism, and Ethno-Religious Conflict". In Beckford, James A.; Demerath, Jay. The SAGE Handbook of the Sociology of Religion. London and Thousand Oaks, California: Sage Publications. pp. 671–672. ISBN 978-1-4129-1195-5. It is true that Jewish Israelis, and secular Israelis in particular, conceive of religion as shaped by a state-sponsored religious establishment. There is no formal state religion in Israel, but the state gives its official recognition and financial support to particular religious communities, Jewish, Islamic and Christian, whose religious authorities and courts are empowered to deal with matters of personal status and family law, such as marriage, divorce, and alimony, that are binding on all members of the communities. 
^ Jacoby, Tami Amanda (2005). Women in Zones of Conflict: Power and Resistance in Israel. Montreal, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario: McGill-Queen's University Press. pp. 53–54. ISBN 9780773529939. Although there is no official religion in Israel, there is also no clear separation between religion and state. In Israeli public life, tensions frequently arise among different streams of Judaism: Ultra-Orthodox, National-Religious, Mesorati (Conservative), Reconstructionist Progressive (Reform), and varying combinations of traditionalism and non-observance. Despite this variety in religious observances in society, Orthodox Judaism prevails institutionally over the other streams. This boundary is an historical consequence of the unique evolution of the relationship between Israel nationalism and state building. ... Since the founding period, in order to defuse religious tensions, the State of Israel has adopted what is known as the 'status quo,' an unwritten agreement stipulating that no further changes would be made in the status of religion, and that conflict between the observant and non-observant sectors would be handled circumstantially. The 'status quo' has since pertained to the legal status of both religious and secular Jews in Israel. This situation was designed to appease the religious sector, and has been upheld indefinitely through the disproportionate power of religious political parties in all subsequent coalition governments. ... On one hand, the Declaration of Independence adopted in 1948 explicitly guarantees freedom of religion. On the other, it simultaneously prevents the separation of religion and state in Israel. 
^ Englard, Izhak (Winter 1987). "Law and Religion in Israel". The American Journal of Comparative Law. American Society of Comparative Law. 35 (1): 185–208. JSTOR 840166. doi:10.2307/840166. The great political and ideological importance of religion in the state of Israel manifests itself in the manifold legal provisions concerned with religions phenomenon. ... It is not a system of separation between state and religion as practiced in the U.S.A and several other countries of the world. In Israel a number of religious bodies exercise official functions; the religious law is applied in limited areas 
^ a b "The Judiciary: The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 August 2005. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's high court unique in region". Boston Herald. 9 September 2007. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and the International Criminal Court". Office of the Legal Adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 30 June 2002. Archived from the original on 16 May 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ "The State — Judiciary — The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 October 2006. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "הליך מינוי השופטים בישראל: עובד- אל תיגעו!". Israel Democracy Institute. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Suzi Navot (2007). Constitutional Law of Israel. Kluwer Law International. p. 146. ISBN 9789041126511. 
^ "Introduction to the Tables: Geophysical Characteristics" (doc). Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 4 September 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell. "Israel Makes Peace With Egypt". Jewish Virtual Library. American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "Resolution 497 (1981)". United Nations. 1981. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "East Jerusalem: UNSC Res. 478". UN. 1980. Retrieved 10 April 2010. 
^ "Arabs will ask U.N. to seek razing of Israeli wall". NBCNews.com. 9 July 2004. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ "Olmert: Willing to trade land for peace". Ynetnews. 16 December 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2007. 
^ "Syria ready to discuss land for peace". The Jerusalem Post. 12 June 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Egypt: Israel must accept the land-for-peace formula". The Jerusalem Post. 15 March 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "A/RES/36/147. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "The Avalon Project : United Nations Security Council Resolution 605". avalon.law.yale.edu. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans". BBC News. 25 January 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Rudoren, Jodi; Sengupta, Somini (22 June 2015). "U.N. Report on Gaza Finds Evidence of War Crimes by Israel and by Palestinian Militants". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Human Rights Council establishes Independent, International Commission of Inquiry for the Occupied Palestinian Territory". www.ohchr.org. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Faced with Israeli denial of access to Occupied Palestinian Territory, UN expert resigns". Archived from the original on 5 December 2016. 
^ "Human Rights Council adopts six resolutions and closes its thirty-first regular session". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Israel and The Occupied Territories - The Occupied Territories". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Heyer, Julia Amalia. "Kids Behind Bars: Israel's Arbitrary Arrests of Palestinian Minors". SPIEGEL ONLINE. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories 2016/2017". Amnesty International. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Eight hundred dead Palestinians. But Israel has impunity". The Independent. 26 July 2014. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Isfahan, About the Author Ali OmidiDr Ali Omidi is Assistant Professor of International Relations in the University of (11 August 2014). "Why Israel’s Impunity Goes Unpunished by International Authorities". Foreign Policy Journal. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "How impunity defines Israel and victimises Palestinians". Al Jazeera. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Barghouti, Marwan (16 April 2017). "Why We Are on Hunger Strike in Israel’s Prisons". The New York Times. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Dorfman, Zach. "George Mitchell wrote 'A Path to Peace' about Israel and Palestine. Is there one?". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Outrage over Maimane's visit to Israel". Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "The subordination of Palestinian rights must stop". The National. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Palestine-Israel Journal: Settlements and the Palestinian Right to Self-Determination". www.pij.org. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Hammond, Jeremy R. "The Rejection of Palestinian Self Determination" (PDF). Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Top US senator clashes with Netanyahu over Israeli rights record". POLITICO. 31 March 2016. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Allegations of Israeli Human Rights Violations Closely Scrutinized, Says U.S. State Department". Haaretz. 6 May 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Gilboa, Eytan (2006-10-01). "Public Diplomacy: The Missing Component in Israel's Foreign Policy". Israel Affairs. 12 (4): 715–747. ISSN 1353-7121. doi:10.1080/13533310600890067. 
^ Nikki Haley urges UN to shift its criticism from Israel to Iran, 20th April 2017, Times of Israel
^ U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘The Days of Israel-Bashing Are Over’, 28th March 2017, National Review
^ "Ban Ki-moon recognizes bias against Israel in last Security Council speech". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Annan: Solution for refugees in Palestinian state". Ynetnews. Retrieved 2017-04-27. 
^ "UNRWA in Figures: Figures as of 30 June 2009" (PDF). United Nations. June 2009. Retrieved 27 September 2007. 
^ "Questions and Answers". Israel's Security Fence. The State of Israel. 22 February 2004. Archived from the original on 3 October 2013. Retrieved 17 April 2007. 
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "Refworld | West Bank Barrier Route Projections, July 2008". Unhcr.org. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Under the Guise of Security: Routing the Separation Barrier to Enable Israeli Settlement Expansion in the West Bank". Publications. B'Tselem. December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Situation Report on the Humanitarian Situation in the Gaza Strip". Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. 
^ "The occupied Palestinian territories: Dignity Denied". International Committee of the Red Cross. 13 December 2007. 
^ "Israel/Palestine". Human Rights Watch. 2013. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict" (PDF). United Nations Human Rights Council. 15 September 2009. p. 85. 
^ "Israel/Occupied Territories: Road to nowhere". Amnesty International. 1 December 2006. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. 
^ a b "The scope of Israeli control in the Gaza Strip". B'Tselem. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Agreed documents on movement and access from and to Gaza". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 15 November 2005. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel's Diplomatic Missions Abroad: Status of relations". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ Mohammed Mostafa Kamal (21 July 2012). "Why Doesn't the Muslim World Recognize Israel?". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 30 November 2015. 
^ "Massive Israel protests hit universities" (Egyptian Mail, 16 March 2010) "According to most Egyptians, almost 31 years after a peace treaty was signed between Egypt and Israel, having normal ties between the two countries is still a potent accusation and Israel is largely considered to be an enemy country"
^ "Initial Periodic Report of the State of Israel Concerning the Implementation of the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC)" (PDF). Israel Ministry of Justice. February 2001: 147 (173 using pdf numbering). Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 September 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ הוראות הדין הישראלי (in Hebrew). Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 2004. Archived from the original on 1 July 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 37–39, 47
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 47–49
^ "Qatar, Mauritania cut Israel ties". Al Jazeera English. 17 January 2009. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Abn, Abi (14 January 2009). "Bolivia rompe relaciones diplomáticas con Israel y anuncia demanda por genocidio en Gaza" (in Spanish). YVKE Mundial Radio. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2010. 
^ "The Recognition of Israel". JSTOR 2193961. 
^ "U.S. Relations With Israel Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Fact Sheet March 10, 2014". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Israel: Background and Relations with the United States Updated" (PDF). Defense Technical Information Center. Retrieved 19 October 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Overseas Loans and Grants" (PDF). 
^ "U.S. Government Foreign Grants and Credits by Type and Country: 2000 to 2010" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-10-20. 
^ "Foreign Aid". Archived from the original on 2007-12-25. 
^ "The bilateral relationship". UK in Israel. Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Congressional Research Service: Germany's Relations with Israel: Background and Implications for German Middle East Policy, Jan 19, 2007. (page CRS-2)" (PDF). Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ Eric Maurice (5 March 2015). "EU to Revise Relations with Turbulent Neighbourhood". EUobserver. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Abadi 2004, p. 3. "However, it was not until 1991 that the two countries established full diplomatic relations."
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 4–6
^ Uzer, Umut (26 March 2013). "Turkish-Israeli Relations: Their Rise and Fall". Middle East Policy. XX (1): 97–110. doi:10.1111/mepo.12007. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ "Israel woos Greece after rift with Turkey". BBC News. 16 October 2010. 
^ "Turkey, Greece discuss exploration off Cyprus". Haaretz. Associated Press. 26 September 2011. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Benari, Elad (5 March 2012). "Israel, Cyprus Sign Deal for Underwater Electricity Cable". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Kumar, Dinesh. "India and Israel: Dawn of a New Era" (PDF). Jerusalem Institute for Western Defense. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Eichner, Itamar (4 March 2009). "From India with love". Ynetnews. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Nitin Gadkari to visit Israel tomorrow". World Snap. 13 December 2010. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "India to hold wide-ranging strategic talks with US, Israel". The Times of India. 19 January 2010. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Iran and Israel in Africa: A search for allies in a hostile world". The Economist. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ World Giving Index (PDF) (Report). Charities Aid Foundation. October 2016. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Pfeffer, Anshel (April 28, 2015). "The Downsides of Israel's Missions of Mercy Abroad". Haaretz. Retrieved November 22, 2015. And even when no Israelis are involved, few countries are as fast as Israel in mobilizing entire delegations to rush to the other side of the world. It has been proved time and again in recent years, after the earthquake in Haiti, the typhoon in the Philippines and the quake/tsunami/nuclear disaster in Japan. For a country of Israel's size and resources, without conveniently located aircraft carriers and overseas bases, it is quite an impressive achievement. 
^ "About MASHAV". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Haim Yacobi, Israel and Africa: A Genealogy of Moral Geography, Routledge, 2015 p.113.
^ Ki-moon, Ban (1 December 2016). "Secretary-General's remarks at reception in honour of ZAKA International Rescue Unit [as prepared for delivery]". United Nations. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Ueriel Hellman,"Israeli aid effort helps Haitians – and Israel's image", Jewish Telegraphic Agency 19 January 2010
^ "Israel's 'superwoman' takes flight to help others – ISRAEL21c". Israel21c. 
^ "Wolfson cardiac surgeons save lives of more Gazan children". The Jerusalem Post - JPost.com. 
^ "Earthquake in Haiti – Latet Organization deploys for immediate relief to victims". ReliefWeb. 
^ "When catastrophe strikes the IDF is there to help". Israel Today. May 20, 2015. Retrieved November 24, 2015. 
^ Benhorin, Yitzhak (18 January 2010). "Praise for Israeli mission in Haiti: 'Only ones operating'". Ynet. Retrieved 25 November 2015. 
^ "International Aid to Haiti: Who's Giving". Cbsnews.com. 14 January 2010. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Marcy Oster, Israeli delegation leaves Haiti Jewish Telegraphic Agency January 27, 2010.
^ "Heart surgery for Haitian child". Israel21c. 27 January 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "IDF team returns from Haiti". The canadian Jewish news. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Israeli aid delegation leaves for Japan". Ynetnews. 26 March 2011. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Kinue Tokudome, 'Promise fulfilled Israelìs Medical Team in Japan,' The Jerusalem Post 18 April 2015.
^ "History: 1948". Israel Defense Forces. 2007. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Henderson 2003, p. 97
^ "The State: Israel Defense Forces (IDF)". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 13 March 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Defense Forces". GlobalSecurity.org. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ "Tel Aviv-Yaffo Municipality, Beaches" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 12 July 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012. 
^ "The Israel Defense Forces". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 21 October 2006. 
^ Stendel 1997, pp. 191–192
^ Shtrasler, Nehemia (16 May 2007). "Cool law, for wrong population". Haaretz. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Sherut Leumi (National Service)". Nefesh B'Nefesh. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Military Balance: Israel (PDF) (Report). The Institute for National Security Studies. 26 November 2014. p. 10. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (30 March 2007). "'Arrow can fully protect against Iran'". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Israeli Mirage III and Nesher Aces, By Shlomo Aloni, (Osprey 2004), page 60
^ Spike Anti-Tank Missile, Israel army-technology.com
^ Robert Johnson (19 November 2012). "How Israel Developed Such A Shockingly Effective Rocket Defense System". Business Insider. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Sarah Tory (19 November 2012). "A Missile-Defense System That Actually Works?". Slate. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Zorn, E. L. (8 May 2007). "Israel's Quest for Satellite Intelligence". Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (11 June 2007). "Analysis: Eyes in the sky". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ ElBaradei, Mohamed (27 July 2004). "Transcript of the Director General's Interview with Al-Ahram News". International Atomic Energy Agency. Archived from the original on 18 April 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction: Assessing the Risks" (PDF). Office of Technology Assessment. August 1993. pp. 65, 84. Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 May 2012. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "Background Information". 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). United Nations. 27 May 2005. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ Ziv, Guy, "To Disclose or Not to Disclose: The Impact of Nuclear Ambiguity on Israeli Security," Israel Studies Forum, Vol. 22, No. 2 (Winter 2007): 76–94
^ "Popeye Turbo". Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ "Glossary". Israel Homeowner. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Defence Expenditure in Israel, 1950-2015 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 29 May 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Military expenditure (% of GDP)". World Development Indicators. World Bank. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Trends in world military expenditure, 2015 (PDF) (Report). Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. 5 April 2016. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Sharp, Jeremy M. (22 December 2016). U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel (PDF) (Report). Congressional Research Service. p. 36. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ Lake, Eli (15 September 2016). "The U.S.-Israel Memorandum of Misunderstanding". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 March 2017. 
^ "TOP LIST TIV TABLES". Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Israel reveals more than $7 billion in arms sales, but few names By Gili Cohen | 9 January 2014, Haaretz
^ "Global Peace Index 2017". Institute for Economics and Peace. 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Northern and Western Asia". 
^ "List of OECD Member countries — Ratification of the Convention on the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Schwab, Klaus (2016). The Global Competitiveness Report 2016–2017 (PDF) (Report). World Economic Forum. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Doing Business in Israel". World Bank. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Bounfour, Ahmed; Edvinsson, Leif (2005). Intellectual Capital for Communities: Nations, Regions, and Cities. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 47 (368 pages). ISBN 0-7506-7773-2. 
^ Richard Behar (11 May 2016). "Inside Israel's Secret Startup Machine". Forbes. Retrieved 30 October 2016. 
^ "The 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Scoreboard" (PDF). International Institute for Management Development. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Israel". Human Capital Report. World Economic Forum. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Tel Aviv Stock Exchange inaugurates trading in new building, By GLOBES, NIV ELIS, 09/08/2014
^ "Israel's International Investment Position (IIP), June 2015" (Press release). Bank of Israel. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 29 January 2017. 
^ Krawitz, Avi (27 February 2007). "Intel to expand Jerusalem R&D". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Microsoft Israel R&D center: Leadership". Microsoft. Archived from the original on 13 March 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. Avi returned to Israel in 1991, and established the first Microsoft R&D Center outside the US ... 
^ "Berkshire Announces Acquisition". New York Times. 6 May 2006. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ Koren, Orah (26 June 2012). "Instead of 4 work days: 6 optional days to be considered half day-outs". The Marker. Retrieved 26 June 2012.  (in Hebrew)
^ a b Haviv Rettig Gur (9 October 2013). "Tiny Israel a Nobel heavyweight, especially in chemistry". The Times of Israel. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Israel keen on IT tie-ups". Business Line. Chennai, India. 10 January 2001. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Israel's technology industry: Punching above its weight". The Economist. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Jamrisko, Michelle; Lu, Wei (17 January 2017). "These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies". Bloomberg. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Research and development expenditure (% of GDP)". World Bank. Retrieved 27 January 2017. 
^ Shteinbuk, Eduard (22 July 2011). "R&D and Innovation as a Growth Engine" (PDF). National Research University – Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 11 May 2013. 
^ "InvestinIsrael" (PDF). 
^ Investing in IsraelArchived 9 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Heylin, Michael (27 November 2006). "Globalization of Science Rolls On" (PDF). Chemical & Engineering News. American Chemical Society: 29–31. Retrieved 5 February 2013. 
^ Gordon, Evelyn (24 August 2006). "Kicking the global oil habit". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yarden Skop. "Israel's scientific fall from grace: Study shows drastic decline in publications per capita". Haaretz. 
^ Stafford, Ned (21 March 2006). "Stem cell density highest in Israel". The Scientist. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Futron Releases 2012 Space Competitiveness Index". Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ O'Sullivan, Arieh (9 July 2012). "Israel's domestic satellite industry saved". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 9 December 2012. The Amos 6 will be IAI's 14th satellite 
^ Tran, Mark (21 January 2008). "Israel launches new satellite to spy on Iran". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Space launch systems – Shavit". Deagel. Retrieved 19 November 2013. 
^ e-Teacher (9 February 2010). "Learning Hebrew Online – Colonel Ilan Ramon". The Jerusalem Post. Archived from the original on 8 December 2015. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Talbot, David (2015). "Megascale Desalination". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ Federman, Josef (30 May 2014). "Israel solves water woes with desalination". Associated Press. Archived from the original on 2 June 2014. Retrieved May 30, 2014. 
^ Kershner, Isabel (2015-05-29). "Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe: Drought". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-05-31. 
^ "What You Israelis Have Done With Water Tech is Simply Amazing". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 16 November 2011. 
^ "Ashkelon, Israel". water-technology.net. 
^ Rabinovitch, Ari (6 December 2011). "Desalination plant could make Israel water exporter". Reuters. Jerusalem. 
^ Lettice, John (25 January 2008). "Giant solar plants in Negev could power Israel's future". The Register. 
^ a b Gradstein, Linda (22 October 2007). "Israel Pushes Solar Energy Technology". NPR. 
^ a b Parry, Tom (15 August 2007). "Looking to the sun". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on 24 September 2008. 
^ a b Sandler, Neal (26 March 2008). "At the Zenith of Solar Energy". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Del Chiaro, Bernadette; Telleen-Lawton, Timothy. "Solar Water Heating: How California Can Reduce Its Dependence on Natural Gas" (PDF). Environment California. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Berner, Joachim (January 2008). "Solar, what else?!" (PDF). Sun & Wind Energy. Israel Special. p. 88. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ "Will Israel's Electric Cars Change the World?". Time. 26 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric cars are all the rage in Israel". FT. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Israel to keep electric car recharging fees low". Haaretz. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Baby you can drive my electric car". Jpost. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric Car Company Folds After Taking $850 Million From GE And Others". Business Insider. 26 May 2013. 
^ "Roads, by Length and Area". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b "3.09 Million Motor Vehicles in Israel in 2015". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 30 March 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "Bus Services on Scheduled Routes" (PDF). Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics. 2009. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ a b "Railway Services". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b c "Transportation in Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. 1 November 2001. ISBN 0-08-043448-7. Archived from the original on 6 July 2008. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ "Statistics". Israel Airports Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ Burstein, Nathan (14 August 2007). "Tourist visits above pre-war level". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yifa Yaakov (10 January 2014). "2013 'record year' for tourism, government says". Times of Israel. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Ziv Reinstein (10 January 2014). "2013: Record year for incoming tourism". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Wainer, David; Ben-David, Calev (22 April 2010). "Israel Billionaire Tshuva Strikes Gas, Fueling Expansion in Energy, Hotels". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on 12 January 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Technical Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Environmental Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Arava Power Company". Archived from the original on July 7, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Roca, Marc (May 22, 2012), "Arava Closes Funding For $204 Million Israeli Solar Plants", Bloomberg, retrieved June 3, 2012 
^ "Asian Studies: Israel as a 'Melting Pot'". National Research University Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 18 April 2012. 
^ "Jewish Festivals and Days of Remembrance in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ Ran, Ami (25 August 1998). "Encounters: The Vernacular Paradox of Israeli Architecture". Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 6 September 2007. 
^ Brinn, David (23 October 2005). "Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian DJs create bridge for peace". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The International Israeli Table". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 26 June 2009. 
^ "Amos Oz is most translated Israeli author". Ynetnews. 10 February 2009. 
^ "Depositing Books to The Jewish National & University Library". Jewish National and University Library. Retrieved 21 August 2007. 
^ "Statistics for 2015". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1966". Nobel Foundation. Retrieved 12 August 2007. 
^ "Palestinian 'national poet' dies". BBC News. 9 August 2008. 
^ Broughton, Ellingham & Trillo 1999, pp. 365–369
^ "Israel". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 10 February 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1095
^ Ewbank, Alison J.; Papageorgiou, Fouli T. (1997). Whose Master's Voice?: The Development of Popular Music in Thirteen Cultures. Greenwood Press. p. 117. ISBN 978-0-313-27772-6. 
^ Davis, Barry (5 February 2007). "Israel Philharmonic Orchestra celebrates 70th anniversary". Ministry of Foreign Affairs (from Israel21c). Archived from the original on 6 February 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "History". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "About the Red Sea Jazz Festival". Red Sea Jazz Festival. Archived from the original on 12 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ The Cambridge Dictionary of Judaism and Jewish Culture, (Cambridge University Press 2011), edited by Judith R. Baskin, Judith Reesa Baskin, page 125
^ "Israeli Folk Music". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 3 January 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Brown, Hannah (2 February 2010). "'Ajami' nominated for Oscar". Jerusalem Post. 
^ התיאטרון הלאומי הבימה (in Hebrew). Habima National Theatre. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ Dunham, Jennifer (2016). "Freedom of the Press". Freedom House. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Diab, Khaled (11 February 2013). "Preaching – and Practicing – Media Freedom in the Middle East". Haaretz. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ "Reporting constrained by terror in the Middle East and North Africa". Reporters Without Borders. 2016. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ a b "About the Museum". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Shrine of the Book". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "About Yad Vashem". Yad Vashem. Archived from the original on 14 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Museum Information". Beth Hatefutsoth. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ TravelNet in cooperation with Israel museums. "Mishkan LeOmanut, Ein Harod". Ilmuseums.com. Archived from the original on 27 December 2008. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Ahituv, Netta (29 January 2013). "10 of Israel's best museums". CNN. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Rast, Walter E. (1992). Through the Ages in Palestinian Archaeology: An Introductory Handbook. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 50. ISBN 9781563380556. "Galilee man" (lowercase "m") in this source is a typo – ref. Solo Man, Peking Man and so forth. 
^ "The Israel Museum Permanent Exhibitions: Archaeology Wing – The Dawn of Civilization". New York: The Ridgefield Foundation. 1995. Skull (cast) Zuttiyeh Cave Lower Palaeolithic. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ a b c Yael Raviv, Falafel Nation, University of Nebraska Press, 2015
^ Uzi Rebhun, Lilakh Lev Ari, American Israelis: Migration, Transnationalism, and Diasporic Identity, BRILL, 2010 pp.112–113.
^ Julia Bernstein, Food for Thought: Transnational Contested Identities and Food Practices of Russian-Speaking Jewish Migrants in Israel and Germany, Campus Verlag, 2010 pp.227,233–234.
^ a b Bernstein, pp. 231–233.
^ "Israel's Pork Problem". Slate. New York. 8 August 2012. Retrieved 28 December 2015. 
^ Torstrick 2004, p. 141
^ "Basketball Super League Profile". Winner Basketball Super League. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Barred from Asian Games". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 26 July 1976. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv – Welcome to EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL". Archived from the original on 25 June 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Pawn stars shine in new 'national sport'". Haaretz. Retrieved 21 May 2012. 
^ "Chess in Schools in Israel: Progress report". FIDE. 28 May 2012. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bekerman, Eitan (4 September 2006). "Chess masters set to blitz Rishon Letzion". Haaretz. 
^ "World Team Championship in Beer Sheva, Israel". World Chess Federation. 1 November 2005. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Tzahor, Uri (26 November 2008). "Israel takes silver medal in Chess Olympiad". Ynetnews. 
^ Shvidler, Eli (15 December 2009). "Israeli grand master Boris Gelfand wins Chess World Cup". Haaretz. 
^ "Israel". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Tel Aviv 1968". International Paralympic Committee. Archived from the original on 20 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Shahar PEER". International Tennis Federation. Retrieved 19 February 2017. 
^ Ellis, Judy (4 May 1998). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!". TIME. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 


Bibliography


McNutt, Paula M. (1999). Reconstructing the Society of Ancient Israel. Westminster John Knox. ISBN 978-0664222659. 
Miller, Robert D. (2012) [First published 2005]. Chieftains of the Highland Clans. ISBN 978-1620322086. 
Abadi, Jacob (2004). Israel's Quest for Recognition and Acceptance in Asia: Garrison State Diplomacy. Routledge. ISBN 0-7146-5576-7. 
Barton, John; Bowden, Julie (2004). The Original Story: God, Israel and the World. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8028-2900-7. 
Ben-Sasson, Hayim (1985). A History of the Jewish People. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-39731-6. 
Bregman, Ahron (2002). A History of Israel. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-333-67631-9. 
Broughton, Simon; Ellingham, Mark; Trillo, Richard (1999). World Music: The Rough Guide. Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-635-2. 
Cole, Tim (2003). Holocaust City: The Making of a Jewish Ghetto. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92968-7. 
Fraser, T. G. (2004). The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Palgrave Macmillan Limited. ISBN 9781403913388. Retrieved 12 May 2013. 
Friedland, Roger; Hecht, Richard (2000). To Rule Jerusalem. University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-22092-7. 
Gelvin, James L. (2005). The Israel-Palestine Conflict: One Hundred Years of War. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-85289-7. 
Gilbert, Martin (2005). The Routledge Atlas Of The Arab–Israeli conflict (8th ed.). Routledge. ISBN 0-415-35900-7. 
Goldreich, Yair (2003). The Climate of Israel: Observation, Research and Application. Springer. ISBN 0-306-47445-X. 
Harkavy, Robert E.; Neuman, Stephanie G. (2001). Warfare and the Third World. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-24012-0. 
Henderson, Robert D'A. (2003). Brassey's International Intelligence Yearbook (2003 ed.). Brassey's Inc. ISBN 1-57488-550-2. 
Herzl, Theodor (1946). The Jewish State. American Zionist Emergency Council. ISBN 0-486-25849-1. 
Jacobs, Daniel (1998). Israel and the Palestinian Territories: The Rough Guide (2nd revised ed.). Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-248-9. 
Kellerman, Aharon (1993). Society and Settlement: Jewish Land of Israel in the Twentieth Century. State University of New York Press. ISBN 0-7914-1295-4. 
Kornberg, Jacques (1993). Theodor Herzl: From Assimilation to Zionism. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33203-6. 
Lustick, Ian (1988). For the Land and the Lord: Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. Council on Foreign Relations Press. ISBN 0-87609-036-6. 
Mazie, Steven (2006). Israel's Higher Law: Religion and Liberal Democracy in the Jewish State. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-1485-9. 
Morçöl, Göktuğ (2006). Handbook of Decision Making. CRC Press. ISBN 1-57444-548-0. 
Mowlana, Hamid; Gerbner, George; Schiller, Herbert I. (1992). Triumph of the File: The Media's War in the Persian Gulf — A Global Perspective. Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-1610-3. 
Roberts, Adam (1990). "Prolonged Military Occupation: The Israeli-Occupied Territories Since 1967". The American Journal of International Law. American Society of International Law. 84 (1): 44–103. JSTOR 2203016. doi:10.2307/2203016. 
Romano, Amy (2003). A Historical Atlas of Israel. The Rosen Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8239-3978-2. 
Rosenzweig, Rafael (1997). The Economic Consequences of Zionism. T Brill Academic Publishers. ISBN 90-04-09147-5. 
Rummel, Rudolph J. (1997). Power Kills: Democracy As a Method of Nonviolence. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-7658-0523-5. 
Scharfstein, Sol (1996). Understanding Jewish History. KTAV Publishing House. ISBN 0-88125-545-9. 
Segev, Tom (2007). 1967: Israel, the War, and the Year that Transformed the Middle East. Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 9780805070576. 
Shindler, Colin (2002). The Land Beyond Promise: Israel, Likud and the Zionist Dream. I.B.Tauris Publishers. ISBN 1-86064-774-X. 
Skolnik, Fred (2007). Encyclopedia Judaica. 9 (2nd ed.). Macmillian. ISBN 0-02-865928-7. 
Smith, Derek (2006). Deterring America: Rogue States and the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86465-8. 
Stein, Leslie (2003). The Hope Fulfilled: The Rise of Modern Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-275-97141-4. 
Stendel, Ori (1997). The Arabs in Israel. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 1-898723-23-0. 
Stone, Russell A.; Zenner, Walter P. (1994). Critical Essays on Israeli Social Issues and Scholarship. SUNY Press. ISBN 0-7914-1959-2. 
Torstrick, Rebecca L. (2004). Culture and Customs of Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-32091-8. 


External links

Find more aboutIsraelat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Government


Government services and information website
About Israel at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Official website of the Israel Prime Minister's Office
Official website of the Israel Ministry of Tourism
Official website of the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics


General information


"Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Israel at the Jewish Virtual Library
Israel at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Key Development Forecasts for Israel from International Futures
Israel at DMOZ


Maps


 Wikimedia Atlas of Israel
 Geographic data related to Israel at OpenStreetMap

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›

 Israel (including the  State of Palestine)






 Cyprus
 Lebanon
 Syria



Levantine Sea
(part of the Mediterranean Sea)

 Jordan








   Israel  











 Egypt
Gulf of Eilat
 Saudi Arabia








v
t
e


Israel articles



History



Antiquity
Second Temple period
Old Yishuv
Zionism

Yishuv
Independence


Arab–Israeli conflict

Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Peace process


Timeline

by year







Geography







Borders
Cities
Districts
Lakes

Dead Sea
Sea of Galilee


Land of Israel
National parks and nature reserves
Rivers

Jordan River


Wildlife








Politics







Cabinet

Prime Minister


Elections
Foreign relations
Knesset (parliament)

Parties


Law

Basic Laws
Judiciary


President
System of government








Security



Censorship
Civil defense
Intelligence Community

Aman
Mossad
Shin Bet


Israel Defense Forces

Conscription
Structure


Police
Wars
West Bank barrier





Economy







Agriculture
Banking
Companies
Diamond industry
Energy
Science and technology
Taxation
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tourism
Transport
Water supply and sanitation








Society







Aliyah
Crime
Demographics

People


Education
Healthcare
Human rights
Kibbutz
Languages

Hebrew
Arabic


Religion
Standard of living
Women





Culture



Archaeology
Architecture
Cinema
Cuisine
Literature
Media
Museums
Music
National symbols
Public holidays
Sport
Visual arts
World Heritage Sites












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Middle East






Bahrain
Cyprus
Egypt
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Northern Cyprus
Oman
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen











Conflicts
Cuisine
Etiquette
History

timeline


Music












v
t
e


Countries and territories of the Mediterranean Sea



Sovereign states



Albania
Algeria
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Cyprus
Egypt
France
Greece
Israel
Italy
Lebanon
Libya
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Slovenia
Spain
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey





States with limited recognition



Northern Cyprus
Palestine





Dependencies and other territories



Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK)
Gibraltar (UK)












v
t
e


OECD members



Member states



 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 Chile
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Greece
 Hungary
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Poland
 Portugal
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sweden
  Switzerland
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


States with limited recognition




Details concerning international recognition and foreign relations provided by the articles linked in parenthesis



UN member states




Partially unrecognised



Armenia

relations


China

relations


Cyprus

relations


Israel

recognition
relations


North Korea

relations


South Korea

relations











Non-UN member
states






Recognised by at least
one UN member




Abkhazia

recognition
relations


Kosovo

recognition
relations


Northern Cyprus

relations


Palestine

recognition
relations


Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

recognition
relations


South Ossetia

recognition
relations


Taiwan

relations








Recognised only by
non-UN members




Nagorno-Karabakh

recognition
relations


Transnistria

recognition
relations







Unrecognised



Somaliland

relations

















v
t
e


Zionism and the Land of Israel







Historic region of Israel
Independent Israel
Modern Israel










History


Prehistory / History of the Levant
History of ancient Israel and Judah
Laws and customs of the Land of Israel in Judaism


The Jewish people


Timeline of Jewish history
History of the Jews and Judaism in the Land of Israel (leaders)
Modern Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel



History of Israel
Israeli Jews
Culture of Israel
Law of Return








History to 1948



Zionism (history · timeline)
Aliyah
Theodor Herzl
Balfour Declaration












History



UN Partition Plan
Declaration of Independence



Politics

Arab–Israeli conflict · Israeli–Palestinian conflict (Peace process · Disengagement from Gaza
Society and economy

Kibbutzim and Moshavim · Exodus from Arab countries · Development towns · Austerity · Agriculture technology











Green Line


Israeli settlements
Timeline
International law




West Bank
Judea and Samaria Area




Gaza Strip
Geography
Hof Aza Regional Council




East Jerusalem
Positions on Jerusalem

















Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 146498911
LCCN: n79003285
ISNI: 0000 0004 0372 0767
GND: 4027808-6
SELIBR: 149293
SUDOC: 02638955X
BNF: cb118646298 (data)
NLA: 35237752
NDL: 00564274
NKC: ge129403
BNE: XX451232










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Israel&oldid=792082222"					
Categories: Israel1948 establishments in Asia1948 establishments in IsraelArabic-speaking countries and territoriesCountries in AsiaEastern MediterraneanHebrew words and phrasesLiberal democraciesMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsMiddle Eastern countriesNear Eastern countriesPalestine (region)RepublicsStates and territories established in 1948Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsCS1 maint: Extra textArticles needing more detailed referencesPages with broken reference namesCS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listArticles incorporating a citation from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia with Wikisource referenceCS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionCoordinates on WikidataUse dmy dates from September 2015Articles containing Hebrew-language textArticles containing Arabic-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with hAudio microformatsArticles containing Greek-language textArticles with minor POV problems from May 2015All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles needing style editingWikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2016Articles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersArticles containing video clipsPages with graphs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanঅসমীয়াAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNa Vosa VakavitiNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaRipoarischRomânăRomaniRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskSesotho sa LeboaShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 10:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Israel - Wikipedia




















 







Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Isreal)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see Israel (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35


State of Israel



מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל (Hebrew)
دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل (Arabic)










Flag



Emblem






Anthem: "Hatikvah" (Hebrew for "The Hope")




















Capital
and largest city
Jerusalem (internationally unrecognized)
31°47′N 35°13′E﻿ / ﻿31.783°N 35.217°E﻿ / 31.783; 35.217


Official languages



Hebrew
Arabic





Ethnic groups (2016)



74.8% Jewish
20.8% Arab
4.4% other[1]





Religion



74.8% Jewish
17.6% Muslim
2% Christian
1.6% Druze
4% other[2]





Demonym
Israeli


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Reuven Rivlin



• Prime Minister

Benjamin Netanyahu


Legislature
Knesset


Independence



• Declared

14 May 1948



• Admission to UNO

11 May 1949


Area



• Total

20,770–22,072 km2 (8,019–8,522 sq mi)[a] (149th)



• Water

440 km2 (170 sq mi)



• Water (%)

2.1


Population



• 2017 estimate

8,721,580[3] (98th)



• 2008 census

7,412,200[4]



• Density

392/km2 (1,015.3/sq mi) (34th)


GDP (PPP)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$316.120 billion (54th)



• Per capita

$36,379 (34th)


GDP (nominal)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$339.990 billion (34th)



• Per capita

$39,126 (24th)


Gini (2013)
42.8[6]
medium


HDI (2015)
 0.899[7]
very high · 19th


Currency
New shekel (₪‎) (ILS)


Time zone
IST (UTC+2)



• Summer (DST)

IDT (UTC+3)


Date format



אא-בב-גגגג (AM)‎
dd-mm-yyyy (CE)





Drives on the
right


Calling code
+972


ISO 3166 code
IL


Internet TLD
.il
.ישראל‎



Website
www.israel.org






^ 20,770 is Israel within the Green Line. 22,072 includes the annexed Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.








This article contains Hebrew and Arabic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols.


Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎‎), officially the State of Israel, is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[8] to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[2][9] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv,[10] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[note 1][11][12]
In 1947, the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem.[13] The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.[14][15] Next year, the Jewish Agency declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16] Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states,[17] in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank, Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip (still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement).[note 2] It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, but not the West Bank.[18][19][20][21] Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.[note 2][23] Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace. However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,721,580 people.[3] It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish. The country's second largest group of citizens are Arabs, at 20.8% (including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs).[1] The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims, including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins; the rest are Christians and Druze. Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans. Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia,[24] including illegal migrants from Sudan, Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state.[25] Israel is a representative democracy[26] with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage.[27][28] The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member,[29] with the 34th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2016[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree.[30] The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East,[7] and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.[31]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 Antiquity
2.3 Classical period
2.4 Middle Ages and modern history
2.5 Zionism and British mandate
2.6 After World War II
2.7 Early years of the State of Israel
2.8 Further conflict and peace process


3 Geography and environment

3.1 Tectonics and seismicity
3.2 Climate


4 Demographics

4.1 Major urban areas
4.2 Language
4.3 Religion
4.4 Education


5 Politics

5.1 Legal system
5.2 Administrative divisions
5.3 Israeli-occupied territories
5.4 Foreign relations
5.5 International humanitarian efforts
5.6 Military


6 Economy

6.1 Science and technology
6.2 Transportation
6.3 Tourism
6.4 Energy


7 Culture

7.1 Literature
7.2 Music and dance
7.3 Cinema and theatre
7.4 Media
7.5 Museums
7.6 Cuisine
7.7 Sports


8 See also
9 Notes
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



 Etymology




The Merneptah Stele (13th century BCE). The majority of biblical archeologists translate a set of hieroglyphs as "Israel," the first instance of the name in the record.


Upon independence in 1948, the country formally adopted the name "State of Israel" (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎  Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل‎‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]) after other proposed historical and religious names including Eretz Israel ("the Land of Israel"), Zion, and Judea, were considered and rejected.[32] In the early weeks of independence, the government chose the term "Israeli" to denote a citizen of Israel, with the formal announcement made by Minister of Foreign Affairs Moshe Sharett.[33]
The names Land of Israel and Children of Israel have historically been used to refer to the biblical Kingdom of Israel and the entire Jewish people respectively.[34] The name "Israel" (Standard Yisraʾel, Isrāʾīl; Septuagint Greek: Ἰσραήλ Israēl; 'El(God) persists/rules', though after Hosea 12:4 often interpreted as "struggle with God")[35][36][37][38] in these phrases refers to the patriarch Jacob who, according to the Hebrew Bible, was given the name after he successfully wrestled with the angel of the Lord.[39] Jacob's twelve sons became the ancestors of the Israelites, also known as the Twelve Tribes of Israel or Children of Israel. Jacob and his sons had lived in Canaan but were forced by famine to go into Egypt for four generations, lasting 430 years,[40] until Moses, a great-great grandson of Jacob,[41] led the Israelites back into Canaan during the "Exodus". The earliest known archaeological artifact to mention the word "Israel" as a collective is the Merneptah Stele of ancient Egypt (dated to the late 13th century BCE).[42]
The area is also known as the Holy Land, being holy for all Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith. From 1920, the whole region was known as Palestine (under British Mandate)[note 3] until the Israeli Declaration of Independence of 1948.[43] Through the centuries, the territory was known by a variety of other names, including Canaan, Djahy, Samaria, Judea, Yehud, Iudaea, Coele-Syria, Syria Palaestina and Southern Syria.
History
Main article: History of Israel
Prehistory
Further information: Prehistory of the Levant
The oldest evidence of early humans in the territory of modern Israel, dating to 1.5 million years ago, was found in Ubeidiya near the Sea of Galilee.[44] Other notable Paleolithic sites include caves Tabun, Qesem and Manot. The oldest fossils of anatomically modern humans found outside Africa are the Skhul and Qafzeh hominins, who lived in the area that is now northern Israel 120,000 years ago.[45] Around 10th millennium BCE, the Natufian culture existed in the area.[46]
Antiquity
Main article: History of ancient Israel and Judah
Further information: Israelites, Kingdom of Israel (Samaria), and Kingdom of Judah




The Large Stone Structure, archaeological site of ancient Jerusalem


The early history of the territory is unclear.[47]:104 Modern archaeology has largely discarded the historicity of the narrative in the Torah concerning the patriarchs, The Exodus, and the conquest described in the Book of Joshua, and instead views the narrative as constituting the Israelites' inspiring national myth.[48] Ancestors of the Israelites may have included ancient Semitic-speaking peoples native to Canaan.[49]:78–9 The archaeological evidence indicates a society of village-like centres, but with more limited resources and a small population.[50] Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400,[51][52] which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient;[53] economic interchange was prevalent.[54] Writing was known and available for recording, even in small sites.[55] The Israelites and their culture, according to the modern archaeological account, did not overtake the region by force, but instead branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatristic—and later monotheistic—religion centered on Yahweh. The growth of Yahweh-centric belief, along with a number of cultic practices, gradually gave rise to a distinct Israelite ethnic group, setting them apart from other Canaanites.[56][57][58][59][60][61]




Map of Israel and Judah in the 9th century BCE


While it is unclear if there was ever a United Monarchy,[62][47][63][64] there is well accepted archeological evidence referring to "Israel" in the Merneptah Stele which dates to about 1200 BCE;[65][66][67] and the Canaanites are archeologically attested in the Middle Bronze Age.[68][69] There is debate about the earliest existence of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah and their extent and power, but historians agree that a Kingdom of Israel existed by ca. 900 BCE[47]:169–195[63][64] and that a Kingdom of Judah existed by ca. 700 BCE.[70] The Kingdom of Israel was destroyed around 720 BCE, when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire.[71]
In 586 BCE, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon conquered Judah. According to the Hebrew Bible, he destroyed Solomon's Temple and exiled the Jews to Babylon. The defeat was also recorded in the Babylonian Chronicles.[72][73] The Babylonian exile ended around 538 BCE under the rule of the Persian Cyrus the Great after he captured Babylon.[74][75] The Second Temple was constructed around 520 BCE.[74] As part of the Persian Empire, the former Kingdom of Judah became the province of Judah (Yehud Medinata) with different borders, covering a smaller territory.[76] The population of the province was greatly reduced from that of the kingdom, archaeological surveys showing a population of around 30,000 people in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE.[47]:308
Classical period
Main article: Second Temple period
Further information: Hasmonean dynasty, Herodian dynasty, and Jewish–Roman wars




Portion of the Temple Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls written during the Second Temple period


With successive Persian rule, the autonomous province Yehud Medinata was gradually developing back into urban society, largely dominated by Judeans. The Greek conquests largely skipped the region without any resistance or interest. Incorporated into Ptolemaic and finally Seleucid empires, the southern Levant was heavily hellenized, building the tensions between Judeans and Greeks. The conflict erupted in 167 BCE with the Maccabean Revolt, which succeeded in establishing an independent Hasmonean Kingdom in Judah, which later expanded over much of modern Israel, as the Seleucids gradually lost control in the region.




Masada fortress, location of the final battle in the First Jewish–Roman War


The Roman Empire invaded the region in 63 BCE, first taking control of Syria, and then intervening in the Hasmonean Civil War. The struggle between pro-Roman and pro-Parthian factions in Judea eventually led to the installation of Herod the Great and consolidation of the Herodian kingdom as a vassal Judean state of Rome. With the decline of the Herodian dynasty, Judea, transformed into a Roman province, became the site of a violent struggle of Jews against Greco-Romans, culminating in the Jewish–Roman wars, ending in wide-scale destruction, expulsions, and genocide. Jewish presence in the region significantly dwindled after the failure of the Bar Kokhba revolt against the Roman Empire in 132 CE.[77]
Nevertheless, there was a continuous small Jewish presence and Galilee became its religious center.[78][79] The Mishnah and part of the Talmud, central Jewish texts, were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem.[80] The region came to be populated predominantly by Greco-Romans on the coast and Samaritans in the hill-country. Christianity was gradually evolving over Roman paganism, when the area stood under Byzantine rule. Through the 5th and 6th centuries, the dramatic events of the repeated Samaritan revolts reshaped the land, with massive destruction to Byzantine Christian and Samaritan societies and a resulting decrease of the population. After the Persian conquest and the installation of a short-lived Jewish Commonwealth in 614 CE, the Byzantine Empire reconquered the country in 628.
Middle Ages and modern history
Further information: History of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages, Muslim history in Palestine, and Old Yishuv




Kfar Bar'am, an ancient Jewish village, abandoned some time between the 7th–13th centuries AD.[81]


In 634–641 CE, the region, including Jerusalem, was conquered by the Arabs who had just recently adopted Islam. Control of the region transferred between the Rashidun Caliphs, Umayyads, Abbasids, Fatimids, Seljuks, Crusaders, and Ayyubids throughout the next three centuries.[82]
During the siege of Jerusalem by the First Crusade in 1099, the Jewish inhabitants of the city fought side by side with the Fatimid garrison and the Muslim population who tried in vain to defend the city against the Crusaders. When the city fell, about 60,000 people were massacred, including 6,000 Jews seeking refuge in a synagogue.[83] At this time, a full thousand years after the fall of the Jewish state, there were Jewish communities all over the country. Fifty of them are known and include Jerusalem, Tiberias, Ramleh, Ashkelon, Caesarea, and Gaza.[84] According to Albert of Aachen, the Jewish residents of Haifa were the main fighting force of the city, and "mixed with Saracen [Fatimid] troops", they fought bravely for close to a month until forced into retreat by the Crusader fleet and land army.[85][86] However, Joshua Prawer expressed doubt over the story, noting that Albert did not attend the Crusades and that such a prominent role for the Jews is not mentioned by any other source.[87][undue weight? – discuss]




The 15th-century Abuhav synagogue, established by Sephardic Jews in Safed, Northern Israel.[88]


In 1165, Maimonides visited Jerusalem and prayed on the Temple Mount, in the "great, holy house."[89] In 1141 the Spanish-Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi issued a call for Jews to migrate to the Land of Israel, a journey he undertook himself. In 1187 Sultan Saladin, founder of the Ayyubid dynasty, defeated the Crusaders in the Battle of Hattin and subsequently captured Jerusalem and almost all of Palestine. In time, Saladin issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem,[90] and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."[91] Al-Harizi compared Saladin's decree allowing Jews to re-establish themselves in Jerusalem to the one issued by the Persian king Cyrus the Great over 1,600 years earlier.[92]
In 1211, the Jewish community in the country was strengthened by the arrival of a group headed by over 300 rabbis from France and England,[93] among them Rabbi Samson ben Abraham of Sens.[94] Nachmanides, the 13th-century Spanish rabbi and recognised leader of Jewry greatly praised the land of Israel and viewed its settlement as a positive commandment incumbent on all Jews. He wrote "If the gentiles wish to make peace, we shall make peace and leave them on clear terms; but as for the land, we shall not leave it in their hands, nor in the hands of any nation, not in any generation."[95]
In 1260, control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt.[96] The country was located between the two centres of Mamluk power, Cairo and Damascus, and only saw some development along the postal road connecting the two cities. Jerusalem, although left without the protection of any city walls since 1219, also saw a flurry of new construction projects centred around the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount. In 1266 the Mamluk Sultan Baybars converted the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron into an exclusive Islamic sanctuary and banned Christians and Jews from entering, which previously would be able to enter it for a fee. The ban remained in place until Israel took control of the building in 1967.[97][98]




Jews at the Western Wall, 1870s


In 1470, Isaac b. Meir Latif arrived from Italy and counted 150 Jewish families in Jerusalem.[99] Thanks to Joseph Saragossi who had arrived in the closing years of the 15th century, Safed and its environs had developed into the largest concentration of Jews in Palestine. With the help of the Sephardic immigration from Spain, the Jewish population had increased to 10,000 by the early 16th century.[100]
In 1516, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire; it remained under Turkish rule until the end of the First World War, when Britain defeated the Ottoman forces and set up a military administration across the former Ottoman Syria. In 1920 the territory was divided between Britain and France under the mandate system, and the British-administered area which included modern day Israel was named Mandatory Palestine.[96][101][102]
Zionism and British mandate
Further information: Zionism, Yishuv, Mandatory Palestine, and Balfour Declaration




Theodor Herzl, visionary of the Jewish state


Since the existence of the earliest Jewish diaspora, many Jews have aspired to return to "Zion" and the "Land of Israel",[103] though the amount of effort that should be spent towards such an aim was a matter of dispute.[104][105] The hopes and yearnings of Jews living in exile are an important theme of the Jewish belief system.[104] After the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, some communities settled in Palestine.[106] During the 16th century, Jewish communities struck roots in the Four Holy Cities—Jerusalem, Tiberias, Hebron, and Safed—and in 1697, Rabbi Yehuda Hachasid led a group of 1,500 Jews to Jerusalem.[107] In the second half of the 18th century, Eastern European opponents of Hasidism, known as the Perushim, settled in Palestine.[108][109][110]


"Therefore I believe that a wonderous generation of Jews will spring into existence. The Maccabaeans will rise again. Let me repeat once more my opening words: The Jews wish to have a State, and they shall have one. We shall live at last as free men on our own soil, and die peacefully in our own home. The world will be freed by our liberty, enriched by our wealth, magnified by our greatness. And whatever we attempt there to accomplish for our own welfare will react with beneficent force for the good of humanity."

Theodor Herzl (1896).  A Jewish State. Wikisource.   [scan]
The first wave of modern Jewish migration to Ottoman-ruled Palestine, known as the First Aliyah, began in 1881, as Jews fled pogroms in Eastern Europe.[111] Although the Zionist movement already existed in practice, Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl is credited with founding political Zionism,[112] a movement which sought to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel, thus offering a solution to the so-called Jewish question of the European states, in conformity with the goals and achievements of other national projects of the time.[113] In 1896, Herzl published Der Judenstaat (The Jewish State), offering his vision of a future Jewish state; the following year he presided over the First Zionist Congress.[114]
The Second Aliyah (1904–14), began after the Kishinev pogrom; some 40,000 Jews settled in Palestine, although nearly half of them left eventually.[111] Both the first and second waves of migrants were mainly Orthodox Jews,[115] although the Second Aliyah included socialist groups who established the kibbutz movement.[116] During World War I, British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour sent the Balfour Declaration of 1917 to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, that stated that Britain intended for the creation of a Jewish "national home" within the Palestinian Mandate.[117][118]
In 1918, the Jewish Legion, a group primarily of Zionist volunteers, assisted in the British conquest of Palestine.[119] Arab opposition to British rule and Jewish immigration led to the 1920 Palestine riots and the formation of a Jewish militia known as the Haganah (meaning "The Defense" in Hebrew), from which the Irgun and Lehi, or the Stern Gang, paramilitary groups later split off.[120] In 1922, the League of Nations granted Britain a mandate over Palestine under terms which included the Balfour Declaration with its promise to the Jews, and with similar provisions regarding the Arab Palestinians.[121] The population of the area at this time was predominantly Arab and Muslim, with Jews accounting for about 11%,[122] and Arab Christians at about 9.5% of the population.[123]
The Third (1919–23) and Fourth Aliyahs (1924–29) brought an additional 100,000 Jews to Palestine.[111] The rise of Nazism and the increasing persecution of Jews in 1930s Europe led to the Fifth Aliyah, with an influx of a quarter of a million Jews. This was a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–39 during which the British Mandate authorities alongside the Zionist militias of Haganah and Irgun killed 5,032 Arabs and wounded 14,760,[124][125] resulting in over ten percent of the adult male Palestinian Arab population killed, wounded, imprisoned or exiled.[126] The British introduced restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine with the White Paper of 1939. With countries around the world turning away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust, a clandestine movement known as Aliyah Bet was organized to bring Jews to Palestine.[111] By the end of World War II, the Jewish population of Palestine had increased to 33% of the total population.[127]
After World War II
Further information: Intercommunal conflict in Mandatory Palestine, United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, and Israeli Declaration of Independence
After World War II, Britain found itself in intense conflict with the Jewish community over Jewish immigration limits, as well as continued conflict with the Arab community over limit levels. The Haganah joined Irgun and Lehi in an armed struggle against British rule.[128] At the same time, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Holocaust survivors and refugees sought a new life far from their destroyed communities in Europe. The Yishuv attempted to bring these refugees to Palestine but many were turned away or rounded up and placed in detention camps in Atlit and Cyprus by the British.




UN Map, "Palestine plan of partition with economic union"


On 22 July 1946, Irgun attacked the British administrative headquarters for Palestine, which was housed in the southern wing[129] of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.[130][131][132] A total of 91 people of various nationalities were killed and 46 were injured.[133] The hotel was the site of the Secretariat of the Government of Palestine and the Headquarters of the British Armed Forces in Palestine and Transjordan.[133][134] The attack initially had the approval of the Haganah. It was conceived as a response to Operation Agatha (a series of widespread raids, including one on the Jewish Agency, conducted by the British authorities) and was the deadliest directed at the British during the Mandate era.[133][134] It was characterized as one of the "most lethal terrorist incidents of the twentieth century."[135] In 1947, the British government announced it would withdraw from Palestine, stating it was unable to arrive at a solution acceptable to both Arabs and Jews.
On 15 May 1947, the General Assembly of the newly formed United Nations resolved that the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine be created "to prepare for consideration at the next regular session of the Assembly a report on the question of Palestine."[136] In the Report of the Committee dated 3 September 1947 to the General Assembly,[137] the majority of the Committee in Chapter VI proposed a plan to replace the British Mandate with "an independent Arab State, an independent Jewish State, and the City of Jerusalem ... the last to be under an International Trusteeship System."[138] On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 181 (II) recommending the adoption and implementation of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union.[13] The plan attached to the resolution was essentially that proposed by the majority of the Committee in the report of 3 September. The Jewish Agency, which was the recognized representative of the Jewish community, accepted the plan.[14] The Arab League and Arab Higher Committee of Palestine rejected it, and indicated that they would reject any other plan of partition.[15][139] On the following day, 1 December 1947, the Arab Higher Committee proclaimed a three-day strike, and Arab gangs began attacking Jewish targets.[140] The Jews were initially on the defensive as civil war broke out, but in early April 1948 moved onto the offensive.[141][142] The Arab Palestinian economy collapsed and 250,000 Palestinian Arabs fled or were expelled.[143]




David Ben-Gurion proclaiming the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948


On 14 May 1948, the day before the expiration of the British Mandate, David Ben-Gurion, the head of the Jewish Agency, declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16][144] The only reference in the text of the Declaration to the borders of the new state is the use of the term Eretz-Israel ("Land of Israel").[145] The following day, the armies of four Arab countries—Egypt, Syria, Transjordan and Iraq—entered what had been British Mandatory Palestine, launching the 1948 Arab–Israeli War;[146][147] contingents from Yemen, Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Sudan joined the war.[148][149] The apparent purpose of the invasion was to prevent the establishment of the Jewish state at inception, and some Arab leaders talked about driving the Jews into the sea.[150][151][152] According to Benny Morris, Jews felt that the invading Arab armies aimed to slaughter the Jews.[153] The Arab league stated that the invasion was to restore law and order and to prevent further bloodshed.[154]




Raising of the Ink Flag, marking the end of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War


After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established.[155] Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip. The United Nations estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians were expelled by or fled from advancing Israeli forces during the conflict—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe").[156]
Early years of the State of Israel
Further information: Arab–Israeli conflict
Israel was admitted as a member of the United Nations by majority vote on 11 May 1949.[157] Both Israel and Jordan were genuinely interested in a peace agreement but the British acted as a brake on the Jordanian effort in order to avoid damaging British interests in Egypt.[158] In the early years of the state, the Labor Zionist movement led by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion dominated Israeli politics.[159][160] The Kibbutzim, or collective farming communities, played a pivotal role in establishing the new state.[161]
Immigration to Israel during the late 1940s and early 1950s was aided by the Israeli Immigration Department and the non-government sponsored Mossad LeAliyah Bet ("Institution for Illegal Immigration"[162]). Both groups facilitated regular immigration logistics like arranging transportation, but the latter also engaged in clandestine operations in countries, particularly in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, where the lives of Jews were believed to be in danger and exit from those places was difficult. Mossad LeAliyah Bet was disbanded in 1953.[163] The immigration was in accordance with the One Million Plan. The immigrants came for differing reasons. Some believed in a Zionist ideology or did it for the promise of a better life in Israel, while others moved to escape persecution or were expelled.[164][165]
An influx of Holocaust survivors and Jews from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel during the first three years increased the number of Jews from 700,000 to 1,400,000.[166] By 1958, the population of Israel rose to two million.[166] Between 1948 and 1970, approximately 1,150,000 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel.[167] Some new immigrants arrived as refugees with no possessions and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot; by 1952, over 200,000 people were living in these tent cities.[168] Jews of European background were often treated more favorably than Jews from Middle Eastern and North African countries—housing units reserved for the latter were often re-designated for the former, with the result that Jews newly arrived from Arab lands generally ended up staying in transit camps for longer.[169] Tensions that developed between the two groups over such discrimination persist to the present day.[170] During this period, food, clothes and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the austerity period. The need to solve the crisis led Ben-Gurion to sign a reparations agreement with West Germany that triggered mass protests by Jews angered at the idea that Israel could accept monetary compensation for the Holocaust.[171]


Play media


U.S. newsreel on the trial of Adolf Eichmann


During the 1950s, Israel was frequently attacked by Palestinian fedayeen, nearly always against civilians,[172] mainly from the Egyptian-occupied Gaza Strip,[173] leading to several Israeli counter-raids. In 1956, Great Britain and France aimed at regaining control of the Suez Canal, which the Egyptians had nationalized. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, together with the growing amount of Fedayeen attacks against Israel's southern population, and recent Arab grave and threatening statements, prompted Israel to attack Egypt.[174][175][176][177] Israel joined a secret alliance with Great Britain and France and overran the Sinai Peninsula but was pressured to withdraw by the United Nations in return for guarantees of Israeli shipping rights in the Red Sea via the Straits of Tiran and the Canal[citation needed].[178][179] The war, known as the Suez Crisis, resulted in significant reduction of Israeli border infiltration.[180][181][182][183] In the early 1960s, Israel captured Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina and brought him to Israel for trial.[184] The trial had a major impact on public awareness of the Holocaust.[185] Eichmann remains the only person executed in Israel by conviction in an Israeli civilian court.[186]




Territory held by Israel:
  before the Six-Day War
  after the war
The Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt in 1982.


Since 1964, Arab countries, concerned over Israeli plans to divert waters of the Jordan River into the coastal plain,[187] had been trying to divert the headwaters to deprive Israel of water resources, provoking tensions between Israel on the one hand, and Syria and Lebanon on the other. Arab nationalists led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser refused to recognize Israel, and called for its destruction.[17][188][189] By 1966, Israeli-Arab relations had deteriorated to the point of actual battles taking place between Israeli and Arab forces.[190] In May 1967, Egypt massed its army near the border with Israel, expelled UN peacekeepers, stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since 1957, and blocked Israel's access to the Red Sea.[191][192][193] Other Arab states mobilized their forces.[194] Israel reiterated that these actions were a casus belli and, on 5 June, launched a pre-emptive strike against Egypt. Jordan, Syria and Iraq responded and attacked Israel. In a Six-Day War, Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank, defeated Egypt and captured the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula, and defeated Syria and captured the Golan Heights.[195] Jerusalem's boundaries were enlarged, incorporating East Jerusalem, and the 1949 Green Line became the administrative boundary between Israel and the occupied territories.
Following the 1967 war and the "three nos" resolution of the Arab League, during the 1967–1970 War of Attrition Israel faced attacks from the Egyptians in the Sinai, and from Palestinian groups targeting Israelis in the occupied territories, in Israel proper, and around the world. Most important among the various Palestinian and Arab groups was the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to "armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland".[196][197] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Palestinian groups launched a wave of attacks[198][199] against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world,[200] including a massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The Israeli government responded with an assassination campaign against the organizers of the massacre, a bombing and a raid on the PLO headquarters in Lebanon.
On 6 October 1973, as Jews were observing Yom Kippur, the Egyptian and Syrian armies launched a surprise attack against Israeli forces in the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights, that opened the Yom Kippur War. The war ended on 25 October with Israel successfully repelling Egyptian and Syrian forces but having suffered over 2,500 soldiers killed in a war which collectively took 10–35,000 lives in about 20 days.[201] An internal inquiry exonerated the government of responsibility for failures before and during the war, but public anger forced Prime Minister Golda Meir to resign.[202] In July 1976 an airliner was hijacked during its flight from Israel to France by Palestinian guerrillas and landed at Entebbe, Uganda. Israeli commandos carried out an operation in which 102 out of 106 Israeli hostages were successfully rescued.
Further conflict and peace process
Further information: Israeli–Palestinian peace process
See also: One-state solution, Two-state solution, Three-state solution, and Lieberman Plan
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party.[203] Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state.[204] In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979).[205] In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[206]
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.




Israel's 1980 law declared that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel."[12]


Meanwhile, Begin's government provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank, increasing friction with the Palestinians in that area.[207] The Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel, passed in 1980, was believed by some to reaffirm Israel's 1967 annexation of Jerusalem by government decree, and reignited international controversy over the status of the city. No Israeli legislation has defined the territory of Israel and no act specifically included East Jerusalem therein.[208] The position of the majority of UN member states is reflected in numerous resolutions declaring that actions taken by Israel to settle its citizens in the West Bank, and impose its laws and administration on East Jerusalem, are illegal and have no validity.[209] In 1981 Israel annexed the Golan Heights, although annexation was not recognized internationally.[210] Israel's population diversity expanded in the 1980s and 1990s. Several waves of Ethiopian Jews immigrated to Israel since the 1980s, while between 1990 and 1994, immigration from the post-Soviet states increased Israel's population by twelve percent.[211]
On 7 June 1981, the Israeli air force destroyed Iraq's sole nuclear reactor under construction just outside Baghdad, in order to impede Iraq's nuclear weapons program. Following a series of PLO attacks in 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon that year to destroy the bases from which the PLO launched attacks and missiles into northern Israel.[212] In the first six days of fighting, the Israelis destroyed the military forces of the PLO in Lebanon and decisively defeated the Syrians. An Israeli government inquiry—the Kahan Commission—would later hold Begin, Sharon and several Israeli generals as indirectly responsible for the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 1985, Israel responded to a Palestinian terrorist attack in Cyprus by bombing the PLO headquarters in Tunisia. Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon in 1986, but maintained a borderland buffer zone in southern Lebanon until 2000, from where Israeli forces engaged in conflict with Hezbollah. The First Intifada, a Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule,[213] broke out in 1987, with waves of uncoordinated demonstrations and violence occurring in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. Over the following six years, the Intifada became more organised and included economic and cultural measures aimed at disrupting the Israeli occupation. More than a thousand people were killed in the violence.[214] During the 1991 Gulf War, the PLO supported Saddam Hussein and Iraqi Scud missile attacks against Israel. Despite public outrage, Israel heeded American calls to refrain from hitting back and did not participate in that war.[215][216]




Shimon Peres (left) with Yitzhak Rabin (center) and King Hussein of Jordan (right), prior to signing the Israel–Jordan peace treaty in 1994.


In 1992, Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister following an election in which his party called for compromise with Israel's neighbors.[217][218] The following year, Shimon Peres on behalf of Israel, and Mahmoud Abbas for the PLO, signed the Oslo Accords, which gave the Palestinian National Authority the right to govern parts of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[219] The PLO also recognized Israel's right to exist and pledged an end to terrorism.[220] In 1994, the Israel–Jordan peace treaty was signed, making Jordan the second Arab country to normalize relations with Israel.[221] Arab public support for the Accords was damaged by the continuation of Israeli settlements[222] and checkpoints, and the deterioration of economic conditions.[223] Israeli public support for the Accords waned as Israel was struck by Palestinian suicide attacks.[224] In November 1995, while leaving a peace rally, Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a far-right-wing Jew who opposed the Accords.[225]




The site of the 2001 Tel Aviv Dolphinarium discotheque massacre, in which 21 Israelis were killed.


Under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu at the end of the 1990s, Israel withdrew from Hebron,[226] and signed the Wye River Memorandum, giving greater control to the Palestinian National Authority.[227] Ehud Barak, elected Prime Minister in 1999, began the new millennium by withdrawing forces from Southern Lebanon and conducting negotiations with Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton at the 2000 Camp David Summit. During the summit, Barak offered a plan for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The proposed state included the entirety of the Gaza Strip and over 90% of the West Bank with Jerusalem as a shared capital.[228] Each side blamed the other for the failure of the talks. After a controversial visit by Likud leader Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount, the Second Intifada began. Some commentators contend that the uprising was pre-planned by Arafat due to the collapse of peace talks.[229][230][231][232] Sharon became prime minister in a 2001 special election. During his tenure, Sharon carried out his plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Gaza Strip and also spearheaded the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier,[233] ending the Intifada.[234][235] By this time 1,100 Israelis had been killed, mostly in suicide bombings.[236] The Palestinian fatalities, from 2000 to 2008, reached 4,791 killed by Israeli security forces, 44 killed by Israeli civilians, and 609 killed by Palestinians.[237]
In July 2006, a Hezbollah artillery assault on Israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two Israeli soldiers precipitated the month-long Second Lebanon War.[238][239] On 6 September 2007, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a nuclear reactor in Syria. At the end of 2008, Israel entered another conflict as a ceasefire between Hamas and Israel collapsed. The 2008–09 Gaza War lasted three weeks and ended after Israel announced a unilateral ceasefire.[240][241] Hamas announced its own ceasefire, with its own conditions of complete withdrawal and opening of border crossings. Despite neither the rocket launchings nor Israeli retaliatory strikes having completely stopped, the fragile ceasefire remained in order.[242] In what Israel described as a response to more than a hundred Palestinian rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities,[243] Israel began an operation in Gaza on 14 November 2012, lasting eight days.[244] Israel started another operation in Gaza following an escalation of rocket attacks by Hamas in July 2014.[245]
Geography and environment
Main articles: Geography of Israel and Wildlife of Israel

Geography of Israel



v
t
e



Golan
Heights
Galilee
Coastal
plain
Judaean
Mountains
Jordan
Valley
Negev
Levantine Sea
(Mediterranean)
Kinneret
Dead
Sea
Gulf
of Eilat
West
Bank
Gaza
Strip
Lebanon
Syria
Jordan
Egypt










Satellite images of Israel and neighboring territories during the day (left) and night (right)


Israel is located in the Levant area of the Fertile Crescent region. The country is at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, bounded by Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan and the West Bank to the east, and Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the southwest. It lies between latitudes 29° and 34° N, and longitudes 34° and 36° E.
The sovereign territory of Israel (according to the demarcation lines of the 1949 Armistice Agreements and excluding all territories captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War) is approximately 20,770 square kilometers (8,019 sq mi) in area, of which two percent is water.[2] However Israel is so narrow that the exclusive economic zone in the Mediterranean is double the land area of the country.[246] The total area under Israeli law, including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, is 22,072 square kilometers (8,522 sq mi),[247] and the total area under Israeli control, including the military-controlled and partially Palestinian-governed territory of the West Bank, is 27,799 square kilometers (10,733 sq mi).[248]
Despite its small size, Israel is home to a variety of geographic features, from the Negev desert in the south to the inland fertile Jezreel Valley, mountain ranges of the Galilee, Carmel and toward the Golan in the north. The Israeli coastal plain on the shores of the Mediterranean is home to most of the nation's population.[249] East of the central highlands lies the Jordan Rift Valley, which forms a small part of the 6,500-kilometer (4,039 mi) Great Rift Valley. The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley, from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea, the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.[250] Further south is the Arabah, ending with the Gulf of Eilat, part of the Red Sea. Unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula are makhteshim, or erosion cirques.[251] The largest makhtesh in the world is Ramon Crater in the Negev,[252] which measures 40 by 8 kilometers (25 by 5 mi).[253] A report on the environmental status of the Mediterranean Basin states that Israel has the largest number of plant species per square meter of all the countries in the basin.[254]
Tectonics and seismicity
Further information: List of earthquakes in the Levant
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Jordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, West Bank, Coastal Plain, and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region. The entire Jordan Valley segment is thought to have ruptured repeatedly, for instance during the last two major earthquakes along this structure in 749 and 1033. The deficit in slip that has built up since the 1033 event is sufficient to cause an earthquake of Mw~7.4.[255]
The most catastrophic earthquakes we know of occurred in 31 BCE, 363, 749, and 1033 CE, that is every ca. 400 years on average.[256] Destructive earthquakes leading to serious loss of life strike about every 80 years.[257] While stringent construction regulations are currently in place and recently built structures are earthquake-safe, as of 2007[update] the majority of the buildings in Israel were older than these regulations and many public buildings as well as 50,000 residential buildings did not meet the new standards and were "expected to collapse" if exposed to a strong quake.[257] Given the fragile political situation of the Middle East region and the presence there of major holy sites, a quake reaching magnitude 7 on the Richter scale could have dire consequences for world peace.[256]
Climate




Köppen climate classification map of Israel


Temperatures in Israel vary widely, especially during the winter. Coastal areas, such as those of Tel Aviv and Haifa, have a typical Mediterranean climate with cool, rainy winters and long, hot summers. The area of Beersheba and the Northern Negev have a semi-arid climate with hot summers, cool winters, and fewer rainy days than the Mediterranean climate. The Southern Negev and the Arava areas have a desert climate with very hot, dry summers, and mild winters with few days of rain. The highest temperature in the continent of Asia (54.0 °C or 129.2 °F) was recorded in 1942 at Tirat Zvi kibbutz in the northern Jordan River valley.[258][259]
At the other extreme, mountainous regions can be windy and cold, and areas at elevation of 750 meters or more (same elevation as Jerusalem) will usually receive at least one snowfall each year.[260] From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.[261][262] With scarce water resources, Israel has developed various water-saving technologies, including drip irrigation.[263] Israelis also take advantage of the considerable sunlight available for solar energy, making Israel the leading nation in solar energy use per capita (practically every house uses solar panels for water heating).[264]
Four different phytogeographic regions exist in Israel, due to the country's location between the temperate and tropical zones, bordering the Mediterranean Sea in the west and the desert in the east. For this reason, the flora and fauna of Israel are extremely diverse. There are 2,867 known species of plants found in Israel. Of these, at least 253 species are introduced and nonnative.[265] There are 380 Israeli nature reserves.[266]







Tiberias and the Sea of Galilee









Field of Anemone coronaria, national flower of Israel









Makhtesh Ramon, a type of crater unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula









Snow in Galilee









Flowers of Israel




Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Israel and Israelis


Religion in Israel


v
t
e




 Note: Until 1995, figures for Christians also included Others.[267]


In 2017, Israel's population was an estimated 8,680,600 people, of whom 6,484,000 (74.7%) were recorded by the civil government as Jews.[268] 1,808,000 Arabs comprised 20.8% of the population, while non-Arab Christians and people who have no religion listed in the civil registry made up 4.4%.[269][1] Over the last decade, large numbers of migrant workers from Romania, Thailand, China, Africa, and South America have settled in Israel. Exact figures are unknown, as many of them are living in the country illegally,[270] but estimates run in the region of 203,000.[24] By June 2012, approximately 60,000 African migrants had entered Israel.[271] About 92% of Israelis live in urban areas.[272]




Immigration to Israel in the years 1948–2015. The two peaks were in 1949 and 1990.


Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship.[273] Retention of Israel's population since 1948 is about even or greater, when compared to other countries with mass immigration.[274] Jewish emigration from Israel (called yerida in Hebrew), primarily to the United States and Canada, is described by demographers as modest,[275] but is often cited by Israeli government ministries as a major threat to Israel's future.[276][277]
Three quarters of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Approximately 76% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 16% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab world).[278] Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews,[279] form most of the rest of the Jewish population.[280][281][282] Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.[283] Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return.[284][285][286]
In 2015[update], 385,900 Israelis lived in West Bank settlements,[287] including those that predated the establishment of the State of Israel and which were re-established after the Six-Day War, in cities such as Hebron and Gush Etzion bloc. In addition, there were more than 200,000 Jews living in East Jerusalem,[288] and 20,000 in the Golan Heights.[287] The total number of Israeli settlers is over 600,000 (≈10% of the Jewish Israeli population). Approximately 7,800 Israelis lived in settlements in the Gaza Strip, known as Gush Katif, until they were evacuated by the government as part of its 2005 disengagement plan.[289]
Major urban areas
For a more comprehensive list, see List of cities in Israel.




Park Tzameret residential neighborhood in Tel Aviv.


There are four major metropolitan areas: Gush Dan (Tel Aviv metropolitan area; population 3,785,000), Jerusalem metropolitan area (population 1,223,800), Haifa metropolitan area (population 913,700), and Beersheba metropolitan area (population 369,200).[290]
Israel's largest municipality, in population and area, is Jerusalem with 865,721 residents in an area of 125 square kilometres (48 sq mi).[291] Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem, which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation.[292] Tel Aviv and Haifa rank as Israel's next most populous cities, with populations of 432,892 and 278,903, respectively.[291]
Israel has 15 cities with populations over 100,000. In all, there are 77 municipalities granted "city" status by the Ministry of Interior. Two more cities are planned: Kasif, a planned city to be built in the Negev, and Harish, originally a small town currently being built into a large city.




 


v
t
e


Largest cities in Israel
Israel Central Bureau of Statistics[291]




Rank
Name
District
Pop.
Rank
Name
District
Pop.




Jerusalem

Tel Aviv
1
Jerusalem
Jerusalem
865,721a
11
Ramat Gan
Tel Aviv
152,596

Haifa

Rishon LeZion


2
Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
432,892
12
Rehovot
Central
132,671


3
Haifa
Haifa
278,903
13
Ashkelon
Southern
130,660


4
Rishon LeZion
Central
243,973
14
Bat Yam
Tel Aviv
128,892


5
Petah Tikva
Central
230,984
15
Beit Shemesh
Jerusalem
103,922


6
Ashdod
Southern
220,174
16
Kfar Saba
Central
96,922


7
Netanya
Central
207,946
17
Herzliya
Tel Aviv
91,926


8
Beersheba
Southern
203,604
18
Hadera
Haifa
88,783


9
Holon
Tel Aviv
188,834
19
Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut
Central
88,749


10
Bnei Brak
Tel Aviv
182,799
20
Nazareth
Northern
75,726


^a This number includes East Jerusalem and West Bank areas. Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.
Language
Main article: Languages of Israel




Road sign in Hebrew, Arabic, and English


Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic.[2] Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken every day by the majority of the population. Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority, with Hebrew taught in Arab schools.
As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel),[293][294] Russian and Amharic are widely spoken.[295] More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the post-Soviet states between 1990 and 2004.[296] French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis,[297] mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews). English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the establishment of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language,[298][299][300] as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects.[301]
Religion
Main articles: Religion in Israel and Abrahamic religions




The Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall, Jerusalem.


Israel comprises a major part of the Holy Land, a region of significant importance to all Abrahamic religions – Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druze and Bahá'í Faith.
The religious affiliation of Israeli Jews varies widely: a social survey indicates that 49% self-identify as Hiloni (secular), 29% as Masorti (traditional), 13% as Dati (Orthodox) and 9% as Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).[302] Haredi Jews are expected to represent more than 20% of Israel's Jewish population by 2028.[303]




9th Station of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa street in Jerusalem. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the background is venerated by Christians as the site of the Burial of Jesus.[304]


Making up 17.6% of the population, Muslims constitute Israel's largest religious minority. About 2% of the population is Christian and 1.6% is Druze.[2] The Christian population primarily comprises Arab Christians, but also includes post-Soviet immigrants, the foreign laborers of multinational origins, and followers of Messianic Judaism, considered by most Christians and Jews to be a form of Christianity.[305] Members of many other religious groups, including Buddhists and Hindus, maintain a presence in Israel, albeit in small numbers.[306] Out of more than one million immigrants from the former Soviet Union, about 300,000 are considered not Jewish by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.[307]
The city of Jerusalem is of special importance to Jews, Muslims and Christians as it is the home of sites that are pivotal to their religious beliefs, such as the Old City that incorporates the Western Wall and the Temple Mount, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.[308] Other locations of religious importance in Israel are Nazareth (holy in Christianity as the site of the Annunciation of Mary), Tiberias and Safed (two of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism), the White Mosque in Ramla (holy in Islam as the shrine of the prophet Saleh), and the Church of Saint George in Lod (holy in Christianity and Islam as the tomb of Saint George or Al Khidr). A number of other religious landmarks are located in the West Bank, among them Joseph's Tomb in Nablus, the birthplace of Jesus and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem, and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The administrative center of the Bahá'í Faith and the Shrine of the Báb are located at the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa; the leader of the faith is buried in Acre. Apart from maintenance staff, there is no Bahá'í community in Israel, although it is a destination for pilgrimages. Bahá'í staff in Israel do not teach their faith to Israelis following strict policy.[309][310][311] A few miles south of the Bahá'í World Centre is Mahmood Mosque affiliated with the reformist Ahmadiyya movement. Kababir, Haifa's mixed neighbourhood of Jews and Ahmadi Arabs is the only one of its kind in the country.[312][313]
Education
Main article: Education in Israel




Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center at Bar-Ilan University


Education is highly valued in the Israeli culture and was viewed as a fundamental block of ancient Israelites.[314] Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents was responsible.[315] Many international business leaders such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development and technological boom.[316][317][318] In 2015, the country ranked third among OECD members (after Canada and Japan) for the percentage of 25–64 year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 49% compared with the OECD average of 35%.[30] In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).[319][320]
Israel has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 97.8%.[2] The State Education Law, passed in 1953, established five types of schools: state secular, state religious, ultra orthodox, communal settlement schools, and Arab schools. The public secular is the largest school group, and is attended by the majority of Jewish and non-Arab pupils in Israel. Most Arabs send their children to schools where Arabic is the language of instruction.[321] Education is compulsory in Israel for children between the ages of three and eighteen.[322][323] Schooling is divided into three tiers – primary school (grades 1–6), middle school (grades 7–9), and high school (grades 10–12) – culminating with Bagrut matriculation exams. Proficiency in core subjects such as mathematics, the Hebrew language, Hebrew and general literature, the English language, history, Biblical scripture and civics is necessary to receive a Bagrut certificate.[324] Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations.[325][326] Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world.[327][328] In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage.[329] Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system",[330] since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel.[331] Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level.[332] Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states.[333] In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.[334]




Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Israel has nine public universities that are subsidized by the state and 49 private colleges.[324][335][336] The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel's second-oldest university after the Technion,[337][338] houses the National Library of Israel, the world's largest repository of Judaica and Hebraica.[339] The Technion and the Hebrew University consistently ranked among world's 100 top universities by the prestigious ARWU academic ranking.[340] Other major universities in the country include the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Bar-Ilan University, the University of Haifa and the Open University of Israel. Ariel University, in the West Bank, is the newest university institution, upgraded from college status, and the first in over thirty years.
Politics
Main articles: Politics of Israel and Israeli system of government
See also: Criticism of the Israeli government




President
Reuven Rivlin



Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu








The Knesset chamber, home to the Israeli parliament


Israel is a parliamentary democracy with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet.[341][342] Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties,[343] with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments. Parliamentary elections are scheduled every four years, but unstable coalitions or a no-confidence vote by the Knesset can dissolve a government earlier. The Basic Laws of Israel function as an uncodified constitution. In 2003, the Knesset began to draft an official constitution based on these laws.[2][344] The president of Israel is head of state, with limited and largely ceremonial duties.[341]
Israel has no official religion,[345][346][347] but the definition of the state as "Jewish and democratic" creates a strong connection with Judaism, as well as a conflict between state law and religious law. Interaction between the political parties keeps the balance between state and religion largely as it existed during the British Mandate.[348]
Legal system
Main articles: Judiciary of Israel and Israeli law




Supreme Court of Israel, Givat Ram, Jerusalem


Israel has a three-tier court system. At the lowest level are magistrate courts, situated in most cities across the country. Above them are district courts, serving as both appellate courts and courts of first instance; they are situated in five of Israel's six districts. The third and highest tier is the Supreme Court, located in Jerusalem; it serves a dual role as the highest court of appeals and the High Court of Justice. In the latter role, the Supreme Court rules as a court of first instance, allowing individuals, both citizens and non-citizens, to petition against the decisions of state authorities.[349][350] Although Israel supports the goals of the International Criminal Court, it has not ratified the Rome Statute, citing concerns about the ability of the court to remain free from political impartiality.[351]
Israel's legal system combines three legal traditions: English common law, civil law, and Jewish law.[2] It is based on the principle of stare decisis (precedent) and is an adversarial system, where the parties in the suit bring evidence before the court. Court cases are decided by professional judges rather than juries.[349] Marriage and divorce are under the jurisdiction of the religious courts: Jewish, Muslim, Druze, and Christian. The election of judges is carried out by a committee of two Knesset members, three Supreme Court justices, two Israeli Bar members and two ministers (one of which, Israel's justice minister, is the committee's chairman). The committee's members of the Knesset are secretly elected by the Knesset, and one of them is traditionally a member of the opposition, the committee's Supreme Court justices are chosen by tradition from all Supreme Court justices by seniority, the Israeli Bar members are elected by the bar, and the second minister is appointed by the Israeli cabinet. The current justice minister and committee's chairwoman is Ayelet Shaked.[352][353][354] Administration of Israel's courts (both the "General" courts and the Labor Courts) is carried by the Administration of Courts, situated in Jerusalem. Both General and Labor courts are paperless courts: the storage of court files, as well as court decisions, are conducted electronically. Israel's Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty seeks to defend human rights and liberties in Israel.
Administrative divisions
Main article: Districts of Israel

Districts of Israel
North
Haifa
Center
Tel Aviv
Judea
and
Samaria
Jerusalem
South



v
t
e




The State of Israel is divided into six main administrative districts, known as mehozot (מחוזות; singular: mahoz) – Center, Haifa, Jerusalem, North, South, and Tel Aviv districts, as well as the Judea and Samaria Area in the West Bank. All of the Judea and Samaria Area and parts of the Jerusalem and Northern districts are not recognized internationally as part of Israel. Districts are further divided into fifteen sub-districts known as nafot (נפות; singular: nafa), which are themselves partitioned into fifty natural regions.[355]


District
Capital
Largest city
Population[287]


Jews
Arabs
Total
note


Jerusalem
Jerusalem
7001670000000000000♠67%
7001320000000000000♠32%
1058000 !1,058,000
a


North
Nazareth Illit
Nazareth
7001430000000000000♠43%
7001540000000000000♠54%
1380400 !1,380,400



Haifa
Haifa
7001680000000000000♠68%
7001260000000000000♠26%
0981300 !981,300



Center
Ramla
Rishon LeZion
7001880000000000000♠88%
7000800000000000000♠8%
2071500 !2,071,500



Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
7001930000000000000♠93%
7000100000000000000♠1%
1368800 !1,368,800



South
Beersheba
Ashdod
7001730000000000000♠73%
7001200000000000000♠20%
1217500 !1,217,500



Judea and Samaria
Ariel
Modi'in Illit
7001980000000000000♠98%
5000000000000000000♠0%
0385900 !385,900
b



^a Including 201,170 Jews and 313,350 Arabs in East Jerusalem, as of 2014[update].[288]
^b Israeli citizens only.

Israeli-occupied territories
Main article: Israeli-occupied territories




Map of Israel showing the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, and the Golan Heights


In 1967, as a result of the Six-Day War, Israel captured and occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. Israel also captured the Sinai Peninsula, but returned it to Egypt as part of the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.[356] Between 1982 and 2000, Israel occupied part of southern Lebanon, in what was known as the Security Belt. Since Israel's capture of these territories, Israeli settlements and military installations have been built within each of them, except Lebanon. Israel has applied civilian law to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem and granted their inhabitants permanent residency status and the ability to apply for citizenship. The West Bank, outside of the Israeli settlements within the territory, has remained under direct military rule, and Palestinians in this area cannot become Israeli citizens. Israel withdrew its military forces and dismantled the Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip as part of its disengagement from Gaza though it continues to maintain control of its airspace and waters.
The UN Security Council has declared the annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem to be "null and void" and continues to view the territories as occupied.[357][358] The International Court of Justice, principal judicial organ of the United Nations, asserted, in its 2004 advisory opinion on the legality of the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier, that the lands captured by Israel in the Six-Day War, including East Jerusalem, are occupied territory.[359] The status of East Jerusalem in any future peace settlement has at times been a difficult issue in negotiations between Israeli governments and representatives of the Palestinians, as Israel views it as its sovereign territory, as well as part of its capital. Most negotiations relating to the territories have been on the basis of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which emphasises "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war", and calls on Israel to withdraw from occupied territories in return for normalization of relations with Arab states, a principle known as "Land for peace".[360][361][362]
According to some observers,[weasel words] Israel has engaged in systematic and widespread violations of human rights in the occupied territories, including the occupation itself[363] and war crimes against civilians.[364][365][366][367] The allegations include violations of international humanitarian law[368] by the United Nations Human Rights Council,[369] with local residents having "limited ability to hold governing authorities accountable for such abuses" by the U.S. State Department,[370] mass arbitrary arrests, torture, unlawful killings, systemic abuses and impunity by Amnesty International and others[371][372][373][374][375][376] and a denial of the right to Palestinian self-determination.[377][378][379][380][381][excessive detail?] In response to such allegations, Prime Minister Netanyahu has defended the country's security forces for protecting the innocent from terrorists[382] and expressed contempt for what he describes as a lack of concern about the human rights violations committed by "criminal killers".[383] Some observers, such as Israeli officials, scholars,[384] United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley[385][386] and UN secretary-generals Ban Ki-moon[387] and Kofi Annan,[388] also assert that the UN is disproportionately concerned with Israeli misconduct.[excessive detail?]




Israeli West Bank barrier separating Israel and the West Bank


The West Bank was occupied and annexed by Jordan in 1950, following the Arab rejection of the UN decision to create two states in Palestine. Only Britain recognized this annexation and Jordan has since ceded its claim to the territory to the PLO. The population are mainly Palestinians, including refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.[389] From their occupation in 1967 until 1993, the Palestinians living in these territories were under Israeli military administration. Since the Israel–PLO letters of recognition, most of the Palestinian population and cities have been under the internal jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, and only partial Israeli military control, although Israel has on several occasions redeployed its troops and reinstated full military administration during periods of unrest. In response to increasing attacks during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government started to construct the Israeli West Bank barrier.[390] When completed, approximately 13% of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line or in Israel with 87% inside the West Bank.[391][392]
The Gaza Strip was occupied by Egypt from 1948 to 1967 and then by Israel after 1967. In 2005, as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, Israel removed all of its settlers and forces from the territory. Israel does not consider the Gaza Strip to be occupied territory and declared it a "foreign territory". That view has been disputed by numerous international humanitarian organizations and various bodies of the United Nations.[393][394][395][396][397] Following the 2007 Battle of Gaza, when Hamas assumed power in the Gaza Strip,[398] Israel tightened its control of the Gaza crossings along its border, as well as by sea and air, and prevented persons from entering and exiting the area except for isolated cases it deemed humanitarian.[398] Gaza has a border with Egypt and an agreement between Israel, the European Union and the PA governed how border crossing would take place (it was monitored by European observers).[399]
Foreign relations
Main articles: Foreign relations of Israel and International recognition of Israel




  Diplomatic relations
  Diplomatic relations suspended
  Former diplomatic relations
  No diplomatic relations, but former trade relations
  No diplomatic relations



Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 countries and has 107 diplomatic missions around the world;[400] countries with whom they have no diplomatic relations include most Muslim countries.[401] Only three members of the Arab League have normalized relations with Israel: Egypt and Jordan signed peace treaties in 1979 and 1994, respectively, and Mauritania opted for full diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Despite the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, Israel is still widely considered an enemy country among Egyptians.[402] Under Israeli law, Lebanon, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, and Yemen are enemy countries,[403] and Israeli citizens may not visit them without permission from the Ministry of the Interior.[404] Iran had diplomatic relations with Israel under the Pahlavi dynasty[405] but withdrew its recognition of Israel during the Islamic Revolution.[406] As a result of the 2008–09 Gaza War, Mauritania, Qatar, Bolivia, and Venezuela suspended political and economic ties with Israel.[407][408]
The United States and the Soviet Union were the first two countries to recognize the State of Israel, having declared recognition roughly simultaneously.[409] The United States regards Israel as its "most reliable partner in the Middle East,"[410] based on "common democratic values, religious affinities, and security interests".[411] The United States has provided $68 billion in military assistance and $32 billion in grants to Israel since 1967, under the Foreign Assistance Act (period beginning 1962),[412] more than any other country for that period until 2003.[412][413][414] The United Kingdom is seen as having a "natural" relationship with Israel on account of the British Mandate for Palestine.[415] Relations between the two countries were also made stronger by former prime minister Tony Blair's efforts for a two state resolution. By 2007[update], Germany had paid 25 billion euros in reparations to the Israeli state and individual Israeli Holocaust survivors.[416] Israel is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.[417]
Although Turkey and Israel did not establish full diplomatic relations until 1991,[418] Turkey has cooperated with the Jewish state since its recognition of Israel in 1949. Turkey's ties to the other Muslim-majority nations in the region have at times resulted in pressure from Arab and Muslim states to temper its relationship with Israel.[419] Relations between Turkey and Israel took a downturn after the 2008–09 Gaza War and Israel's raid of the Gaza flotilla.[420] Relations between Greece and Israel have improved since 1995 due to the decline of Israeli-Turkish relations.[421] The two countries have a defense cooperation agreement and in 2010, the Israeli Air Force hosted Greece's Hellenic Air Force in a joint exercise at the Uvda base. The joint Cyprus-Israel oil and gas explorations centered on the Leviathan gas field are an important factor for Greece, given its strong links with Cyprus.[422] Cooperation in the world's longest sub-sea electric power cable, the EuroAsia Interconnector, has strengthened relations between Cyprus and Israel.[423]
Azerbaijan is one of the few majority Muslim countries to develop bilateral strategic and economic relations with Israel. Azerbaijan supplies Israel with a substantial amount of its oil needs, and Israel has helped modernize the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan. India established full diplomatic ties with Israel in 1992 and has fostered a strong military, technological and cultural partnership with the country since then.[424] According to an international opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world.[425][426] India is the largest customer of the Israeli military equipment and Israel is the second-largest military partner of India after Russia.[427] Ethiopia is Israel's main ally in Africa due to common political, religious and security interests.[428] Israel provides expertise to Ethiopia on irrigation projects and thousands of Ethiopian Jews live in Israel.
International humanitarian efforts
Israeli foreign aid ranks low among OECD nations, spending less than 0.1% of its GNI on development assistance, as opposed to the recommended 0.7%. The country also ranked 43rd in the 2016 World Giving Index.[429] However, Israel has a history of providing emergency aid and humanitarian response teams to disasters across the world.[430] Israel's humanitarian efforts officially began in 1957, with the establishment of Mashav, the Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation.[431] There are additional Israeli humanitarian and emergency response groups that work with the Israel government, including IsraAid, a joint programme run by 14 Israeli organizations and North American Jewish groups,[432] ZAKA,[433] The Fast Israeli Rescue and Search Team (FIRST),[434] Israeli Flying Aid (IFA),[435] Save a Child's Heart (SACH)[436] and Latet.[437]
Between 1985 and 2015, Israel sent 24 delegations of IDF search and rescue unit, the Home Front Command, to 22 countries.[438] In Haiti, immediately following the 2010 earthquake, Israel was the first country to set up a field hospital capable of performing surgical operations.[439] Israel sent over 200 medical doctors and personnel to start treating injured Haitians at the scene.[440] At the conclusion of its humanitarian mission 11 days later,[441] the Israeli delegation had treated more than 1,110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births and rescued or assisted in the rescue of four individuals.[442][443] Despite radiation concerns, Israel was one of the first countries to send a medical delegation to Japan following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster.[444] Israel dispatched a medical team to the tsunami-stricken city of Kurihara in 2011. A medical clinic run by an IDF team of some 50 members featured pediatric, surgical, maternity and gynecological, and otolaryngology wards, together with an optometry department, a laboratory, a pharmacy and an intensive care unit. After treating 200 patients in two weeks, the departing emergency team donated its equipment to the Japanese.[445]
Military
Main articles: Israel Defense Forces and Israeli security forces
Further information: List of wars involving Israel, List of the Israel Defense Forces operations, and Israel and weapons of mass destruction
The Israel Defense Forces is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Cabinet. The IDF consist of the army, air force and navy. It was founded during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by consolidating paramilitary organizations—chiefly the Haganah—that preceded the establishment of the state.[446] The IDF also draws upon the resources of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman), which works with Mossad and Shabak.[447] The Israel Defense Forces have been involved in several major wars and border conflicts in its short history, making it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world.[448][449]




IDF soldiers cleaning the beaches at Tel Aviv, which have scored highly in environmental tests.[450]


Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years.[451] Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their forties. Most women are exempt from reserve duty. Arab citizens of Israel (except the Druze) and those engaged in full-time religious studies are exempt from military service, although the exemption of yeshiva students has been a source of contention in Israeli society for many years.[452][453] An alternative for those who receive exemptions on various grounds is Sherut Leumi, or national service, which involves a program of service in hospitals, schools and other social welfare frameworks.[454] As a result of its conscription program, the IDF maintains approximately 176,500 active troops and an additional 445,000 reservists.[455]




Iron Dome is the world's first operational anti-artillery rocket defense system.


The nation's military relies heavily on high-tech weapons systems designed and manufactured in Israel as well as some foreign imports. The Arrow missile is one of the world's few operational anti-ballistic missile systems.[456] The Python air-to-air missile series is often considered one of the most crucial weapons in its military history.[457] Israel's Spike missile is one of the most widely exported ATGMs in the world.[458] Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile air defense system gained worldwide acclaim after intercepting hundreds of Qassam, 122 mm Grad and Fajr-5 artillery rockets fire by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip.[459][460] Since the Yom Kippur War, Israel has developed a network of reconnaissance satellites.[461] The success of the Ofeq program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching such satellites.[462]
Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons[463] as well as chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.[464] Israel has not signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons[465] and maintains a policy of deliberate ambiguity toward its nuclear capabilities.[466] The Israeli Navy's Dolphin submarines are believed to be armed with nuclear Popeye Turbo missiles, offering second-strike capability.[467] Since the Gulf War in 1991, when Israel was attacked by Iraqi Scud missiles, all homes in Israel are required to have a reinforced security room, Merkhav Mugan, impermeable to chemical and biological substances.[468]
Since Israel's establishment, military expenditure constituted a significant portion of the country's gross domestic product, with peak of 30.3% of GDP spent on defense in 1975.[469] In 2015, Israel ranked 7th in the world by defense spending as a percentage of GDP, with 5.4%,[470] and 15th by total military expenditure.[471] Since 1974, the United States has been a particularly notable contributor of military aid to Israel.[472] Under a memorandum of understanding signed in 2016, the U.S. is expected to provide the country with $3.8 billion per year, or around 20% of Israel's defense budget, from 2018 to 2028.[473] Israel ranked 7th globally for arms exports in 2016.[474] The majority of Israel's arms exports are unreported for security reasons.[475] Israel is consistently rated low in the Global Peace Index, ranking 144th out of 163 nations for peacefulness in 2017.[476]
Economy
Main article: Economy of Israel




The Diamond Exchange District in Ramat Gan


Israel is considered the most advanced country in Southwest Asia and the Middle East in economic and industrial development.[477] Israel's quality university education and the establishment of a highly motivated and educated populace is largely responsible for spurring the country's high technology boom and rapid economic development.[316] In 2010, it joined the OECD.[29][478] The country is ranked 24th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report[479] and 52nd on the World Bank's Doing Business index.[480] It has the second-largest number of startup companies in the world after the United States,[481] and the third-largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies after the U.S. and China.[482] In 2016, Israel ranked 21st among the world's most competitive nations, according to the IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook.[483] Israel was also ranked 4th in the world by share of people in high-skilled employment.[484]




Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Its building is optimized for computer trading, with systems located in an underground bunker to keep the exchange active during emergencies.[485]


Despite limited natural resources, intensive development of the agricultural and industrial sectors over the past decades has made Israel largely self-sufficient in food production, apart from grains and beef. Imports to Israel, totaling $57.9 billion in 2016, include raw materials, military equipment, investment goods, rough diamonds, fuels, grain, and consumer goods.[2] Leading exports include machinery and equipment, software, cut diamonds, agricultural products, chemicals, and textiles and apparel; in 2016, Israeli exports reached $51.61 billion.[2]
The Bank of Israel holds $97.22 billion of foreign-exchange reserves.[2] Since the 1970s, Israel has received military aid from the United States, as well as economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees, which now account for roughly half of Israel's external debt. Israel has one of the lowest external debts in the developed world, and is a lender in terms of net external debt (assets vs. liabilities abroad), which in 2015[update] stood at a surplus of $69 billion.[486] Israel has an impressive record for creating profit driven technologies making the country a top choice for many business leaders and high technology industry giants. Intel[487] and Microsoft[488] built their first overseas research and development facilities in Israel, and other high-tech multi-national corporations, such as IBM, Google, Apple, HP, Cisco Systems, Facebook and Motorola have opened R&D centres in the country. In 2007, American investor Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought an Israeli company, Iscar, its first acquisition outside the United States, for $4 billion.[489]
Days of working time in Israel are Sunday through Thursday (for a five-day workweek), or Friday (for a six-day workweek). In observance of Shabbat, in places where Friday is a work day and the majority of population is Jewish, Friday is a "short day", usually lasting till 14:00 in the winter, or 16:00 in the summer. Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world, and make Sunday a non-working day, while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day.[490]
Science and technology
Main articles: Science and technology in Israel and List of Israeli inventions and discoveries




Materials science professor Dan Shechtman is one of six Israelis to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in under a decade.[491]


Israel's development of cutting-edge technologies in software, communications and the life sciences have evoked comparisons with Silicon Valley.[492][493] Israel ranks 10th in the Bloomberg Innovation Index,[494] and is 2nd in the world in expenditure on research and development as a percentage of GDP.[495] Israel boasts 140 scientists, technicians, and engineers per 10,000 employees, the highest number in the world (in comparison, the same is 85 for the U.S.).[496][497][498] Israel has produced six Nobel Prize-winning scientists since 2004[491] and has been frequently ranked as one of the countries with the highest ratios of scientific papers per capita in the world.[499][500][501] Israel has led the world in stem-cell research papers per capita since 2000.[502] Israeli universities are ranked among the top 50 world universities in computer science (Technion and Tel Aviv University), mathematics (Hebrew University of Jerusalem) and chemistry (Weizmann Institute of Science).[340]




IAI Lavi, technology demonstrator.


In 2012 Israel was ranked ninth in the world by the Futron's Space Competitiveness Index.[503] The Israel Space Agency coordinates all Israeli space research programs with scientific and commercial goals, and have indigenously designed and built at least 13 commercial, research and spy satellites.[504] Some of Israel's satellites are ranked among the world's most advanced space systems.[505] Shavit is a space launch vehicle produced by Israel to launch small satellites into low Earth orbit.[506] It was first launched in 1988, making Israel the eighth nation to have a space launch capability. In 2003, Ilan Ramon became Israel's first astronaut, serving as payload specialist of STS-107, the fatal mission of the Space Shuttle Columbia.[507]
The ongoing shortage of water in the country has spurred innovation in water conservation techniques, and a substantial agricultural modernization, drip irrigation, was invented in Israel. Israel is also at the technological forefront of desalination and water recycling. The Sorek desalination plant is the largest seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination facility in the world.[508] By 2014, Israel's desalination programs provided roughly 35% of Israel's drinking water and it is expected to supply 40% by 2015 and 70% by 2050.[509] As of 2015, more than 50 percent of the water for Israeli households, agriculture and industry is artificially produced.[510] The country hosts an annual Water Technology and Environmental Control Exhibition & Conference (WATEC) that attracts thousands of people from across the world.[511][512] In 2011, Israel's water technology industry was worth around $2 billion a year with annual exports of products and services in the tens of millions of dollars. As a result of innovations in reverse osmosis technology, Israel is set to become a net exporter of water in the coming years.[513]




The world's largest solar parabolic dish at the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center.[514]


Israel has embraced solar energy; its engineers are on the cutting edge of solar energy technology[515] and its solar companies work on projects around the world.[516][517] Over 90% of Israeli homes use solar energy for hot water, the highest per capita in the world.[264][518] According to government figures, the country saves 8% of its electricity consumption per year because of its solar energy use in heating.[519] The high annual incident solar irradiance at its geographic latitude creates ideal conditions for what is an internationally renowned solar research and development industry in the Negev Desert.[515][516][517] Israel had a modern electric car infrastructure involving a countrywide network of charging stations to facilitate the charging and exchange of car batteries. It was thought that this would have lowered Israel's oil dependency and lowered the fuel costs of hundreds of Israel's motorists that use cars powered only by electric batteries.[520][521][522] The Israeli model was being studied by several countries and being implemented in Denmark and Australia.[523] However, Israel's trailblazing electric car company Better Place shut down in 2013.[524]
Transportation
Main article: Transport in Israel




Reception hall at Ben Gurion Airport


Israel has 19,224 kilometres (11,945 mi) of paved roads,[525] and 3 million motor vehicles.[526] The number of motor vehicles per 1,000 persons is 365, relatively low with respect to developed countries.[526] Israel has 5,715 buses on scheduled routes,[527] operated by several carriers, the largest of which is Egged, serving most of the country. Railways stretch across 1,277 kilometres (793 mi) and are operated solely by government-owned Israel Railways.[528] Following major investments beginning in the early to mid-1990s, the number of train passengers per year has grown from 2.5 million in 1990, to 53 million in 2015; railways are also transporting 7.5 million tons of cargo, per year.[528]
Israel is served by two international airports, Ben Gurion Airport, the country's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv, and Ovda Airport, which serves the southernmost port city of Eilat. There are several small domestic airports as well.[529] Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, handled over 15 million passengers in 2015.[530] On the Mediterranean coast, the Port of Haifa is the country's oldest and largest port, while Ashdod Port is one of the few deep water ports in the world built on the open sea.[529] In addition to these, the smaller Port of Eilat is situated on the Red Sea, and is used mainly for trading with Far East countries.[529]
Tourism
Main article: Tourism in Israel




Mount Hermon ski resort, which in peak season can attract more than 12,000 visitors each day.


Tourism, especially religious tourism, is an important industry in Israel, with the country's temperate climate, beaches, archaeological, other historical and biblical sites, and unique geography also drawing tourists. Israel's security problems have taken their toll on the industry, but the number of incoming tourists is on the rebound.[531] In 2013, a record of 3.54 million tourists visited Israel with the most popular site of attraction being the Western Wall with 68% of tourists visiting there.[532][533]
Energy
Main article: Energy in Israel
In 2009, a natural gas reserve, Tamar was found near the coast of Israel. A second natural gas reserve, Leviathan, was discovered in 2010.[534]
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.[535] In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.[536] The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.[537]
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million.[538]
Culture
Main article: Culture of Israel
Israel's diverse culture stems from the diversity of its population: Jews from diaspora communities around the world have brought their cultural and religious traditions back with them, creating a melting pot of Jewish customs and beliefs.[539] Israel is the only country in the world where life revolves around the Hebrew calendar. Work and school holidays are determined by the Jewish holidays, and the official day of rest is Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath.[540] Israel's substantial Arab minority has also left its imprint on Israeli culture in such spheres as architecture,[541] music,[542] and cuisine.[543]
Literature
Main article: Israeli literature




Shmuel Yosef Agnon, laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature






Amos Oz's works have been translated into 36 languages, more than any other Israeli writer.[544]


Israeli literature is primarily poetry and prose written in Hebrew, as part of the renaissance of Hebrew as a spoken language since the mid-19th century, although a small body of literature is published in other languages, such as English. By law, two copies of all printed matter published in Israel must be deposited in the National Library of Israel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2001, the law was amended to include audio and video recordings, and other non-print media.[545] In 2015, 85 percent of the 7,843 books transferred to the library were in Hebrew.[546] The Hebrew Book Week is held each June and features book fairs, public readings, and appearances by Israeli authors around the country. During the week, Israel's top literary award, the Sapir Prize, is presented.[citation needed]
In 1966, Shmuel Yosef Agnon shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with German Jewish author Nelly Sachs.[547] Leading Israeli poets have been Yehuda Amichai, Nathan Alterman and Rachel Bluwstein. Internationally famous contemporary Israeli novelists include Amos Oz, Etgar Keret and David Grossman. The Israeli-Arab satirist Sayed Kashua (who writes in Hebrew) is also internationally known.[citation needed] Israel has also been the home of two leading Palestinian poets and writers: Emile Habibi, whose novel The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist, and other writings, won him the Israel prize for Arabic literature; and Mahmoud Darwish, considered by many to be "the Palestinian national poet."[548] Darwish was born and raised in northern Israel, but lived his adult life abroad after joining the Palestine Liberation Organization.[citation needed]
Music and dance
Main articles: Music of Israel and Dance in Israel




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta


Israeli music contains musical influences from all over the world; Mizrahi and Sephardic music, Hasidic melodies, Greek music, jazz, and pop rock are all part of the music scene.[549][550] Among Israel's world-renowned[551][552] orchestras is the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been in operation for over seventy years and today performs more than two hundred concerts each year.[553] Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Ofra Haza are among the internationally acclaimed musicians born in Israel.[citation needed] Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nearly every year since 1973, winning the competition three times and hosting it twice.[554][555] Eilat has hosted its own international music festival, the Red Sea Jazz Festival, every summer since 1987.[556] Israel is home to many Palestinian musicians, including an oud group Le Trio Joubran and singer Amal Murkus. The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance has an advanced degree program in Arabic music, headed by oud virtuoso Taiseer Elias.[citation needed]




Celebrated Israeli ballet dancers Valery and Galina Panov, who founded the Ballet Panov, in Ashdod[557]


The nation's canonical folk songs, known as "Songs of the Land of Israel," deal with the experiences of the pioneers in building the Jewish homeland.[558] The Hora circle dance introduced by early Jewish settlers was originally popular in the kibbutzim and outlying communities. It became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction and of the ability to experience joy amidst austerity. It now plays a significant role in modern Israeli folk dancing and is regularly performed at weddings and other celebrations, and in group dances throughout Israel.[citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?] to be among the most versatile and original international creators working today. Famous Israeli companies include the Batsheva Dance Company and the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company.[citation needed]
Cinema and theatre
Main article: Cinema of Israel




Habima Theatre, in Tel Aviv


Ten Israeli films have been final nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards since the establishment of Israel. The 2009 movie Ajami was the third consecutive nomination of an Israeli film.[559] Palestinian Israeli filmmakers have made a number of films dealing with the Arab-Israel conflict and the status of Palestinians within Israel, such as Mohammed Bakri's 2002 film Jenin, Jenin and The Syrian Bride.[citation needed]
Continuing the strong theatrical traditions of the Yiddish theatre in Eastern Europe, Israel maintains a vibrant theatre scene. Founded in 1918, Habima Theatre in Tel Aviv is Israel's oldest repertory theater company and national theater.[560]
Media
Main article: Media of Israel
The 2016 Freedom of the Press annual report by Freedom House ranked Israel as the Middle East and North Africa's most free country, and 65th globally.[561] In the 2016 Press Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders, Israel (including "Israel extraterritorial" since 2013 ranking)[562] was placed 101st of 180 countries, and 3rd below Tunisia (at 96) and Lebanon (at 98) in the Middle East and North Africa region.[563]
Museums
For a more comprehensive list, see List of Israeli museums.




Shrine of the Book, repository of the Dead Sea Scrolls in Jerusalem


The Israel Museum in Jerusalem is one of Israel's most important cultural institutions[564] and houses the Dead Sea Scrolls,[565] along with an extensive collection of Judaica and European art.[564] Israel's national Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is the world central archive of Holocaust-related information.[566] Beit Hatfutsot ("The Diaspora House"), on the campus of Tel Aviv University, is an interactive museum devoted to the history of Jewish communities around the world.[567] Apart from the major museums in large cities, there are high-quality artspaces in many towns and kibbutzim. Mishkan LeOmanut in kibbutz Ein Harod Meuhad is the largest art museum in the north of the country.[568]
Israel has the highest number of museums per capita in the world.[569] Several Israeli museums are devoted to Islamic culture, including the Rockefeller Museum and the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, both in Jerusalem. The Rockefeller specializes in archaeological remains from the Ottoman and other periods of Middle East history. It is also the home of the first hominid fossil skull found in Western Asia called Galilee Man.[570] A cast of the skull is on display at the Israel Museum.[571]
Cuisine
Main article: Israeli cuisine




A meal including falafel, hummus, French fries and Israeli salad


Israeli cuisine includes local dishes as well as Jewish cuisine brought to the country by immigrants from the diaspora. Since the establishment of the state in 1948, and particularly since the late 1970s, an Israeli fusion cuisine has developed.[572] Israeli cuisine has adopted, and continues to adapt, elements of the Mizrahi, Sephardi, and Ashkenazi styles of cooking. It incorporates many foods traditionally eaten in the Levantine, Arab, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines, such as falafel, hummus, shakshouka, couscous, and za'atar. Schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, French fries, rice and salad are also common in Israel.[citation needed]
Roughly half of the Israeli-Jewish population attests to keeping kosher at home.[573][574] Kosher restaurants, though rare in the 1960s, make up around 25% of the total as of 2015[update], perhaps reflecting the largely secular values of those who dine out.[572] Hotel restaurants are much more likely to serve kosher food.[572] The non-kosher retail market was traditionally sparse, but grew rapidly and considerably following the influx of immigrants from the post-Soviet states during the 1990s.[575] Together with non-kosher fish, rabbits and ostriches, pork—often called "white meat" in Israel[575]—is produced and consumed, though it is forbidden by both Judaism and Islam.[576]
Sports
Main article: Sport in Israel




Teddy Stadium of Jerusalem


The most popular spectator sports in Israel are association football and basketball.[577] The Israeli Premier League is the country's premier football league, and the Israeli Basketball Premier League is the premier basketball league.[578] Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Beitar Jerusalem are the largest football clubs. Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Tel Aviv have competed in the UEFA Champions League and Hapoel Tel Aviv reached the UEFA Cup quarter-finals. Israel hosted and won the 1964 AFC Asian Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup, the only time it participated in the World Cup. The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games and since then has not competed in Asian sport events.[579] In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and its soccer teams now compete in Europe.[citation needed] Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. has won the European championship in basketball six times.[580] In 2016, the country was chosen as a host for the EuroBasket 2017.




Boris Gelfand, chess Grandmaster


Chess is a leading sport in Israel and is enjoyed by people of all ages. There are many Israeli grandmasters and Israeli chess players have won a number of youth world championships.[581] Israel stages an annual international championship and hosted the World Team Chess Championship in 2005. The Ministry of Education and the World Chess Federation agreed upon a project of teaching chess within Israeli schools, and it has been introduced into the curriculum of some schools.[582] The city of Beersheba has become a national chess center, with the game being taught in the city's kindergartens. Owing partly to Soviet immigration, it is home to the largest number of chess grandmasters of any city in the world.[583][584] The Israeli chess team won the silver medal at the 2008 Chess Olympiad[585] and the bronze, coming in third among 148 teams, at the 2010 Olympiad. Israeli grandmaster Boris Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009[586] and the 2011 Candidates Tournament for the right to challenge the world champion. He only lost the World Chess Championship 2012 to reigning world champion Anand after a speed-chess tie breaker.
Israel has won nine Olympic medals since its first win in 1992, including a gold medal in windsurfing at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[587] Israel has won over 100 gold medals in the Paralympic Games and is ranked 20th in the all-time medal count. The 1968 Summer Paralympics were hosted by Israel.[588] The Maccabiah Games, an Olympic-style event for Jewish and Israeli athletes, was inaugurated in the 1930s, and has been held every four years since then. Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe'er ranked 11th in the world on 31 January 2011.[589] Krav Maga, a martial art developed by Jewish ghetto defenders during the struggle against fascism in Europe, is used by the Israeli security forces and police. Its effectiveness and practical approach to self-defense, have won it widespread admiration and adherence around the world.[590]
See also


Israel portal



Index of Israel-related articles
Outline of Israel
 Israel – Wikipedia book


Notes



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.
^ a b The majority of the international community (including the UN General Assembly, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the International Criminal Court, and the vast majority of human rights organizations) considers Israel to be occupying Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Gaza is still considered to be "occupied" by the United Nations, international human rights organisations, and the majority of governments and legal commentators, despite the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, due to various forms of ongoing military and economic control.[22]
The government of Israel and some supporters have, at times, disputed this position of the international community. For more details of this terminology dispute, including with respect to the current status of the Gaza Strip, see International views on the Israeli-occupied territories and Status of territories captured by Israel.
For an explanation of the differences between an annexed but disputed territory (e.g., Tibet) and a militarily occupied territory, please see the article Military occupation.
^ (פלשתינה (א״י in Hebrew (translation: Palestine (Eretz Israel))



References


^ a b c "Latest Population Statistics for Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. January 2017. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ a b "Home page". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ Population Census 2008 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2008. Retrieved 27 December 2016. 
^ a b "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects". International Monetary Fund. April 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 18 February 2016. 
^ a b Human Development Index and its components (Report). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Palestinian Territories". State.gov. 22 April 2008. Retrieved 26 December 2012. 
^ Skolnik 2007, pp. 132–232
^ "GaWC – The World According to GaWC 2008". Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Retrieved 1 March 2009. 
^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ a b "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ a b "Resolution 181 (II). Future government of Palestine". United Nations. 29 November 1947. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. p. 75. Retrieved 24 July 2013. " p. 75 The night of 29–30 November passed in the Yishuv’s settlements in noisy public rejoicing. Most had sat glued to their radio sets broadcasting live from Flushing Meadow. A collective cry of joy went up when the two-thirds mark was achieved: a state had been sanctioned by the international community. ; p. 396 The immediate trigger of the 1948 War was the November 1947 UN partition resolution. The Zionist movement, except for its fringes, accepted the proposal.” 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. pp. 66, 67, 72. Retrieved 24 July 2013. p.66, at 1946 "The League demanded independence for Palestine as a "unitary" state, with an Arab majority and minority rights for the Jews." ; p.67, at 1947 "The League's Political Committee met in Sofar, Lebanon, on 16–19 September, and urged the Palestine Arabs to fight partition, which it called "aggression," "without mercy." The League promised them, in line with Bludan, assistance "in manpower, money and equipment" should the United Nations endorse partition." ; p. 72, at Dec 1947 "The League vowed, in very general language, "to try to stymie the partition plan and prevent the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine 
^ a b "Declaration of Establishment of State of Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 14 May 1948. Archived from the original on 17 March 2017. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Gilbert 2005, p. 1
^ "The status of Jerusalem" (PDF). The Question of Palestine & the United Nations. United Nations Department of Public Information. East Jerusalem has been considered, by both the General Assembly and the Security Council, as part of the occupied Palestinian territory. 
^ "Analysis: Kadima's big plans". BBC News. 29 March 2006. Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ Kessner, BC (2 April 2006). "Israel's Hard-Learned Lessons". Homeland Security Today. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ Kumaraswamy, P. R. (5 June 2002). "The Legacy of Undefined Borders". Tel Aviv Notes. Retrieved 25 March 2013. 
^ Sanger, Andrew (2011). M.N. Schmitt; Louise Arimatsu; Tim McCormack, eds. "The Contemporary Law of Blockade and the Gaza Freedom Flotilla". Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 2010. Springer Science & Business Media. 13: 429. ISBN 9789067048118. doi:10.1007/978-90-6704-811-8_14. Israel claims it no longer occupies the Gaza Strip, maintaining that it is neither a Stale nor a territory occupied or controlled by Israel, but rather it has 'sui generis' status. Pursuant to the Disengagement Plan, Israel dismantled all military institutions and settlements in Gaza and there is no longer a permanent Israeli military or civilian presence in the territory. However the Plan also provided that Israel will guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the Gaza Strip, will continue to maintain exclusive authority in Gaza air space, and will continue to exercise security activity in the sea off the coast of the Gaza Strip as well as maintaining an Israeli military presence on the Egyptian-Gaza border. and reserving the right to reenter Gaza at will.
Israel continues to control six of Gaza's seven land crossings, its maritime borders and airspace and the movement of goods and persons in and out of the territory. Egypt controls one of Gaza's land crossings. Troops from the Israeli Defence Force regularly enter pans of the territory and/or deploy missile attacks, drones and sonic bombs into Gaza. Israel has declared a no-go buffer zone that stretches deep into Gaza: if Gazans enter this zone they are shot on sight. Gaza is also dependent on israel for inter alia electricity, currency, telephone networks, issuing IDs, and permits to enter and leave the territory. Israel also has sole control of the Palestinian Population Registry through which the Israeli Army regulates who is classified as a Palestinian and who is a Gazan or West Banker. Since 2000 aside from a limited number of exceptions Israel has refused to add people to the Palestinian Population Registry.
It is this direct external control over Gaza and indirect control over life within Gaza that has led the United Nations, the UN General Assembly, the UN Fact Finding Mission to Gaza, International human rights organisations, US Government websites, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a significant number of legal commentators, to reject the argument that Gaza is no longer occupied. 
* Scobbie, Iain (2012). Elizabeth Wilmshurst, ed. International Law and the Classification of Conflicts. Oxford University Press. p. 295. ISBN 9780199657759. Even after the accession to power of Hamas, Israel's claim that it no longer occupies Gaza has not been accepted by UN bodies, most States, nor the majority of academic commentators because of its exclusive control of its border with Gaza and crossing points including the effective control it exerted over the Rafah crossing until at least May 2011, its control of Gaza's maritime zones and airspace which constitute what Aronson terms the 'security envelope' around Gaza, as well as its ability to intervene forcibly at will in Gaza. 
* Gawerc, Michelle (2012). Prefiguring Peace: Israeli-Palestinian Peacebuilding Partnerships. Lexington Books. p. 44. ISBN 9780739166109. While Israel withdrew from the immediate territory, Israel still controlled all access to and from Gaza through the border crossings, as well as through the coastline and the airspace. ln addition, Gaza was dependent upon Israel for water electricity sewage communication networks and for its trade (Gisha 2007. Dowty 2008). ln other words, while Israel maintained that its occupation of Gaza ended with its unilateral disengagement Palestinians – as well as many human right organizations and international bodies – argued that Gaza was by all intents and purposes still occupied. 
^ See for example:
* Hajjar, Lisa (2005). Courting Conflict: The Israeli Military Court System in the West Bank and Gaza. University of California Press. p. 96. ISBN 0520241940. The Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza is the longest military occupation in modern times. 
* Anderson, Perry (July–August 2001). "Editorial: Scurrying Towards Bethlehem". New Left Review. 10. ...longest official military occupation of modern history—currently entering its thirty-fifth year 
* Makdisi, Saree (2010). Palestine Inside Out: An Everyday Occupation. W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 9780393338447. ...longest-lasting military occupation of the modern age 
* Kretzmer, David (Spring 2012). "The law of belligerent occupation in the Supreme Court of Israel" (PDF). International Review of the Red Cross. 94 (885): 207–236. doi:10.1017/S1816383112000446. This is probably the longest occupation in modern international relations, and it holds a central place in all literature on the law of belligerent occupation since the early 1970s 
* Alexandrowicz, Ra'anan (24 January 2012), The Justice of Occupation, The New York Times, Israel is the only modern state that has held territories under military occupation for over four decades 
* Weill, Sharon (2014). The Role of National Courts in Applying International Humanitarian Law. Oxford University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9780199685424. Although the basic philosophy behind the law of military occupation is that it is a temporary situation modem occupations have well demonstrated that rien ne dure comme le provisoire A significant number of post-1945 occupations have lasted more than two decades such as the occupations of Namibia by South Africa and of East Timor by Indonesia as well as the ongoing occupations of Northern Cyprus by Turkey and of Western Sahara by Morocco. The Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, which is the longest in all occupation's history has already entered its fifth decade. 
^ a b Adriana Kemp, "Labour migration and racialisation: labour market mechanisms and labour migration control policies in Israel", Social Identities 10:2, 267–292, 2004
^ "Israel". Freedom in the World. Freedom House. 2008. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Augustus Richard Norton (2001). Civil society in the Middle East. 2 (2001). BRILL. p. 193. ISBN 90-04-10469-0. 
^ Rummel 1997, p. 257. "A current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ..."
^ "Global Survey 2006: Middle East Progress Amid Global Gains in Freedom". Freedom House. 19 December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ a b "Israel's accession to the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ a b Education at a Glance: Israel (Report). Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 15 September 2016. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "WHO: Life expectancy in Israel among highest in the world". Haaretz. 24 May 2009. 
^ "Popular Opinion". The Palestine Post. Jerusalem. 7 December 1947. p. 1. 
^ "On the Move". Time. New York. 31 May 1948. Archived from the original on 16 October 2007. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ Levine, Robert A. (7 November 2000). "See Israel as a Jewish Nation-State, More or Less Democratic". The New York Times. Retrieved 19 January 2011. 
^ William G. Dever, Did God Have a Wife?: Archaeology and Folk Religion in Ancient Israel, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 2005 p.186.
^ Geoffrey W. Bromiley, 'Israel,' in International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: E-J,Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1995 p.907.
^ R. L. Ottley, The Religion of Israel: A Historical Sketch, Cambridge University Press, 2013 pp.31–2 note 5.
^ Wells, John C. (1990). Longman pronunciation dictionary. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 381. ISBN 0-582-05383-8.  entry "Jacob".
^ "And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." (Genesis, 32:28, 35:10). See also Hosea 12:5.
^ Exodus 12:40–41
^ Exodus 6:16–20
^ Barton & Bowden 2004, p. 126. "The Merneptah Stele ... is arguably the oldest evidence outside the Bible for the existence of Israel as early as the 13th century BCE."
^ Noah Rayman (29 September 2014). "Mandatory Palestine: What It Was and Why It Matters". TIME. Retrieved 5 December 2015. 
^ Tchernov, Eitan (1988). "The Age of 'Ubeidiya Formation (Jordan Valley, Israel) and the Earliest Hominids in the Levant". Paléorient. 14 (2): 63–65. doi:10.3406/paleo.1988.4455. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Rincon, Paul (14 October 2015). "Fossil teeth place humans in Asia '20,000 years early'". BBC News. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Bar-Yosef, Ofer (7 December 1998). "The Natuﬁan Culture in the Levant, Threshold to the Origins of Agriculture" (PDF). Evolutionary Anthropology. 6 (5): 159–177. doi:10.1002/(SICI)1520-6505(1998)6:5<159::AID-EVAN4>3.0.CO;2-7. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ a b c d Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible unearthed : archaeology's new vision of ancient Israel and the origin of its stories (1st Touchstone ed. ed.). New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-86912-8. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ Dever, William (2001). What Did the Biblical Writers Know, and When Did They Know It?. Eerdmans. pp. 98–99. ISBN 3-927120-37-5. After a century of exhaustive investigation, all respectable archaeologists have given up hope of recovering any context that would make Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob credible "historical figures" [...] archaeological investigation of Moses and the Exodus has similarly been discarded as a fruitless pursuit. 
^ Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson (1986). A History of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. ISBN 0-664-21262-X. 
^ Lehman in Vaughn 1992, pp. 156–62.[full citation needed]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 70.
^ Miller 2012, p. 98.
^ McNutt 1999, p. 72.
^ Miller 2012, p. 99.
^ Miller 2012, p. 105.
^ Tubb, 1998. pp. 13–14
^ Mark Smith in "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" states "Despite the long regnant model that the Canaanites and Israelites were people of fundamentally different culture, archaeological data now casts doubt on this view. The material culture of the region exhibits numerous common points between Israelites and Canaanites in the Iron I period (c. 1200–1000 BCE). The record would suggest that the Israelite culture largely overlapped with and derived from Canaanite culture... In short, Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature. Given the information available, one cannot maintain a radical cultural separation between Canaanites and Israelites for the Iron I period." (pp. 6–7). Smith, Mark (2002) "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" (Eerdman's)
^ Rendsberg, Gary (2008). "Israel without the Bible". In Frederick E. Greenspahn. The Hebrew Bible: New Insights and Scholarship. NYU Press, pp. 3–5
^ Gnuse 1997, pp.28,31[title missing]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 35.
^ Bloch-Smith, Elizabeth (2003). "Israelite Ethnicity in Iron I: Archaeology Preserves What Is Remembered and What Is Forgotten in Israel's History". Journal of Biblical Literature. 122 (3): 401–425. ISSN 0021-9231. JSTOR 3268384. doi:10.2307/3268384. Retrieved 2017-07-16. 
^ Lipschits, Oded (2014). "The History of Israel in the Biblical Period". In Berlin, Adele; Brettler, Marc Zvi. The Jewish Study Bible (2nd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199978465. 
^ a b Kuhrt, Amiele (1995). The Ancient Near East. Routledge. p. 438. ISBN 978-0415167628. 
^ a b Wright, Jacob L. (July 2014). "David, King of Judah (Not Israel)". The Bible and Interpretation. 
^ K. L. Noll, Canaan and Israel in Antiquity: A Textbook on History and Religion, A&C Black, 2012, rev.ed. pp.137ff.
^ Thomas L. Thompson, Early History of the Israelite People: From the Written & Archaeological Sources, BRILL, 2000 pp. 275–76: 'They are rather a very specific group among the population of Palestine which bears a name that occurs here for the first time that at a much later stage in Palestine's history bears a substantially different signification.'
^ The personal name "Israel" appears much earlier, in material from Ebla. Hasel, Michael G. (1994-01-01). "Israel in the Merneptah Stela". Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research (296): 45–61. JSTOR 1357179. doi:10.2307/1357179. ; Bertman, Stephen (2005-07-14). Handbook to Life in Ancient Mesopotamia. OUP USA. ISBN 9780195183641.  and Meindert Dijkstra (2010). "Origins of Israel between history and ideology". In Becking, Bob; Grabbe, Lester. Between Evidence and Ideology Essays on the History of Ancient Israel read at the Joint Meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and the Oud Testamentisch Werkgezelschap Lincoln, July 2009. Brill. p. 47. ISBN 9789004187375. As a West Semitic personal name it existed long before it became a tribal or a geographical name. This is not without significance, though is it rarely mentioned. We learn of a maryanu named ysr"il (*Yi¡sr—a"ilu) from Ugarit living in the same period, but the name was already used a thousand years before in Ebla. The word Israel originated as a West Semitic personal name. One of the many names that developed into the name of the ancestor of a clan, of a tribe and finally of a people and a nation. 
^ Jonathan M Golden,Ancient Canaan and Israel: An Introduction, OUP USA, 2009 pp. 3–4.
^ Lemche, Niels Peter (1998). The Israelites in History and Tradition. Westminster John Knox Press. p. 35. ISBN 9780664227272. 
^ The Pitcher Is Broken: Memorial Essays for Gosta W. Ahlstrom, Steven W. Holloway, Lowell K. Handy, Continuum, 1 May 1995 Quote: "For Israel, the description of the battle of Qarqar in the Kurkh Monolith of Shalmaneser III (mid-ninth century) and for Judah, a Tiglath-pileser III text mentioning (Jeho-) Ahaz of Judah (IIR67 = K. 3751), dated 734-733, are the earliest published to date."
^ Broshi, Maguen (2001). Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls. Bloomsbury Publishing. p. 174. ISBN 1-84127-201-9. 
^ "British Museum – Cuneiform tablet with part of the Babylonian Chronicle (605–594 BCE)". Archived from the original on 30 October 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ See http://www.livius.org/cg-cm/chronicles/abc5/jerusalem.html reverse side, line 12.
^ a b "Second Temple Period (538 BCE. to 70 CE) Persian Rule". Biu.ac.il. Retrieved 2014-03-15. 
^ Harper's Bible Dictionary, ed. by Achtemeier, etc., Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1985, p.103
^ Cite error: The named reference Grabbe355 was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
^ Oppenheimer, A'haron and Oppenheimer, Nili. Between Rome and Babylon: Studies in Jewish Leadership and Society. Mohr Siebeck, 2005, p. 2.
^ Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (1996). Atlas of Jewish History. Routledge. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-415-08800-8. 
^ Lehmann, Clayton Miles (18 January 2007). "Palestine". Encyclopedia of the Roman Provinces. University of South Dakota. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ Morçöl 2006, p. 304
^ Judaism in late antiquity, Jacob Neusner, Bertold Spuler, Hady R Idris, BRILL, 2001, p. 155
^ Gil, Moshe (1997). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-59984-9. 
^ Allan D. Cooper (2009). The geography of genocide. University Press of America. p. 132. ISBN 978-0-7618-4097-8. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Carmel, Alex. The History of Haifa Under Turkish Rule. Haifa: Pardes, 2002 (ISBN 965-7171-05-9), pp. 16–17
^ Moshe Gil (1992). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. p. 829. ISBN 9780521404372. Retrieved 17 May 2015. Haifa was taken [...] in August 1100 or June 1101, according to Muslim sources which contradict one another. Albert of Aachen does not mention the date in a clear manner either. From what he says, it appears that it was mainly the Jewish inhabitants of the city who defended the fortress of Haifa. In his rather strange Latin style, he mentions that there was a Jewish population in Haifa, and that they fought bravely within the walls of the city. He explains that the Jews there were protected people of the Muslims (the Fatimids). They fought side by side with units of the Fatimid army, striking back at Tancred's army from above the walls of the citadel (... Judaei civis comixtis Sarracenorum turmis) until the Crusaders overcame them and they were forced to abandon the walls. The Muslims and the Jews then managed to escape from the fortress with their lives, while the rest of the population fled the city en masse. Whoever remained was slaughtered, and huge quantities of spoils were taken. [...] [Note #3: Albert of Aachen (Albericus, Albertus Aquensis), Historia Hierosolymitanae Expeditionis, in: RHC (Occ.), IV. p. 523; etc.] 
^ Irven M. Resnick (1 June 2012). Marks of Distinctions: Christian Perceptions of Jews in the High Middle Ages. CUA Press. pp. 48–49. ISBN 978-0-8132-1969-1. citizens of the Jewish race, who lived in the city by the favour and consent of the king of Egypt in return for payment of tribute, got on the walls bearing arms and put up a very stubborn defence, until the Christians, weighed down by various blows over the period of two weeks, absolutely despaired and held back their hands from any attack. [...] the Jewish citizens, mixed with Saracen troops, at once fought back manfully,... and counter-attacked. [Albert of Aachen, Historia Ierosolimitana 7.23, ed. and transl. Susan B. Edgington (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2007), 516 and 521.] 
^ Joshua Prawer. The Jews of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. pp. 34–40. 
^ The Abuhav Synagogue, Jewish Virtual Library.
^ Sefer HaCharedim Mitzvat Tshuva Chapter 3. Maimonides established a yearly holiday for himself and his sons, 6 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he went up to pray on the Temple Mount, and another, 9 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he merited to pray at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron.
^ Abraham P. Bloch (1987). "Sultan Saladin Opens Jerusalem to Jews". One a day: an anthology of Jewish historical anniversaries for every day of the year. KTAV Publishing House, Inc. p. 277. ISBN 978-0-88125-108-1. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Benzion Dinur (1974). "From Bar Kochba's Revolt to the Turkish Conquest". In David Ben-Gurion. The Jews in their Land. Aldus Books. p. 217. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Geoffrey Hindley (28 February 2007). Saladin: hero of Islam. Pen & Sword Military. p. xiii. ISBN 978-1-84415-499-9. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Alex Carmel; Peter Schäfer; Yossi Ben-Artzi (1990). The Jewish settlement in Palestine, 634–1881. L. Reichert. p. 31. ISBN 978-3-88226-479-1. Retrieved 21 December 2011. 
^ Samson ben Abraham of Sens, Jewish Encyclopedia.
^ Moshe Lichtman (September 2006). Eretz Yisrael in the Parshah: The Centrality of the Land of Israel in the Torah. Devora Publishing. p. 302. ISBN 978-1-932687-70-5. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ a b Kramer, Gudrun (2008). A History of Palestine: From the Ottoman Conquest to the Founding of the State of Israel. Princeton University Press. p. 376. ISBN 978-0-691-11897-0. 
^ M. Sharon (2010). "Al Khalil". Encyclopedia of Islam, Second Edition. Koninklijke Brill NV. 
^ International Dictionary of Historic Places: Middle East and Africa by Trudy Ring, Robert M. Salkin, Sharon La Boda, pp. 336–339
^ Dan Bahat (1976). Twenty centuries of Jewish life in the Holy Land: the forgotten generations. Israel Economist. p. 48. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ Fannie Fern Andrews (February 1976). The Holy Land under mandate. Hyperion Press. p. 145. ISBN 978-0-88355-304-6. Retrieved 25 December 2011. 
^ "The Covenant of the League of Nations". Article 22. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Mandate for Palestine," Encyclopaedia Judaica, Vol. 11, p. 862, Keter Publishing House, Jerusalem, 1972
^ Rosenzweig 1997, p. 1 "Zionism, the urge of the Jewish people to return to Palestine, is almost as ancient as the Jewish diaspora itself. Some Talmudic statements ... Almost a millennium later, the poet and philosopher Yehuda Halevi ... In the 19th century ..."
^ a b Geoffrey Wigoder, G.G. (ed.). "Return to Zion". The New Encyclopedia of Judaism (via Answers.Com). The Jerusalem Publishing House. Retrieved 8 March 2010. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ "An invention called 'the Jewish people'". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 18 April 2010. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 2. "Jews sought a new homeland here after their expulsions from Spain (1492) ..."
^ Eisen, Yosef (2004). Miraculous journey: a complete history of the Jewish people from creation to the present. Targum Press. p. 700. ISBN 1-56871-323-1. 
^ Morgenstern, Arie (2006). Hastening redemption: Messianism and the resettlement of the land of Israel. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-19-530578-4. 
^ "Jewish and Non-Jewish Population of Palestine-Israel (1517–2004)". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ Barnai, Jacob (1992). The Jews in Palestine in the Eighteenth Century: Under the Patronage of the Istanbul committee of Officials for Palestine. University Alabama Press. p. 320. ISBN 978-0-8173-0572-7. 
^ a b c d "Immigration to Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2012.  The source provides information on the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Aliyot in their respective articles. The White Paper leading to Aliyah Bet is discussed "Aliyah During World War II and its Aftermath". 
^ Kornberg 1993 "How did Theodor Herzl, an assimilated German nationalist in the 1880s, suddenly in the 1890s become the founder of Zionism?"
^ Herzl 1946, p. 11
^ "Chapter One". The Jewish Agency for Israel1. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Stein 2003, p. 88. "As with the First Aliyah, most Second Aliyah migrants were non-Zionist orthodox Jews ..."
^ Romano 2003, p. 30
^ Macintyre, Donald (26 May 2005). "The birth of modern Israel: A scrap of paper that changed history". The Independent. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yapp, M.E. (1987). The Making of the Modern Near East 1792–1923. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 290. ISBN 0-582-49380-3. 
^ Schechtman, Joseph B. (2007). "Jewish Legion". Encyclopaedia Judaica. 11. Detroit: Macmillan Reference USA. p. 304. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ Scharfstein 1996, p. 269. "During the First and Second Aliyot, there were many Arab attacks against Jewish settlements ... In 1920, Hashomer was disbanded and Haganah ("The Defense") was established."
^ "League of Nations: The Mandate for Palestine, July 24, 1922". Modern History Sourcebook. Fordham University. 24 July 1922. Retrieved 27 August 2007. 
^ Shaw, J. V. W. (January 1991) [1946]. "Chapter VI: Population". A Survey of Palestine. Volume I: Prepared in December 1945 and January 1946 for the information of the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry (Reprint ed.). Washington, D.C.: Institute for Palestine Studies. p. 148. ISBN 978-0-88728-213-3. OCLC 22345421. Lay summary. 
^ "Report to the League of Nations on Palestine and Transjordan, 1937". British Government. 1937. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Walter Laqueur (2009-07-01). A History of Zionism: From the French Revolution to the Establishment of the State of Israel. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 9780307530851. Retrieved 2015-10-15. 
^ Hughes, M (2009). "The banality of brutality: British armed forces and the repression of the Arab Revolt in Palestine, 1936–39". English Historical Review. CXXIV (507): 314–354. doi:10.1093/ehr/cep002. 
^ Khalidi, Walid (1987). From Haven to Conquest: Readings in Zionism and the Palestine Problem Until 1948. Institute for Palestine Studies. ISBN 978-0-88728-155-6
^ "The Population of Palestine Prior to 1948". MidEastWeb. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Fraser 2004, p. 27
^ The Terrorism Ahead: Confronting Transnational Violence in the Twenty-First | By Paul J. Smith | M.E. Sharpe, 10 Sep 2007 | pg 27
^ Encyclopedia of Terrorism, Harvey W. Kushner, Sage, 2003 p.181
^ Encyclopædia Britannica article on the Irgun Zvai Leumi
^ The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. William Roger Louis, Oxford University Press, 1986, p. 430
^ a b c Clarke, Thurston. By Blood and Fire, G. P. Puttnam's Sons, New York, 1981
^ a b Bethell, Nicholas (1979). The Palestine Triangle. Andre Deutsch. 
^ Hoffman, Bruce (1999). Inside Terrorism. Columbia University Press. pp. 48–52. 
^ "A/RES/106 (S-1)". General Assembly resolution. United Nations. 15 May 1947. Archived from the original on 6 August 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "A/364". Special Committee on Palestine. United Nations. 3 September 1947. Archived from the original on 10 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Background Paper No. 47 (ST/DPI/SER.A/47)". United Nations. 20 April 1949. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 40–41
^ Gelber, Yoav (2006). Palestine 1948. Brighton: Sussex Academic Press. p. 17. ISBN 978-1-902210-67-4. 
^ Morris, 2008, p. 77-78
^ Tal, David (2003). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 471. ISBN 978-0-7146-5275-7. 
^ Morris, Benny (2008). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. New Haven, Conn.: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-15112-8. 
^ Clifford, Clark, "Counsel to the President: A Memoir", 1991, p. 20.
^ Jacobs, Frank (7 August 2012). "The Elephant in the Map Room". Borderlines. The New York Times. Retrieved 3 September 2012. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. p. 50. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1058
^ Morris, 2008, p. 205[title missing]
^ Rabinovich, Itamar; Reinharz, Jehuda (2007). Israel in the Middle East: Documents and Readings on Society, Politics, and Foreign Relations, Pre-1948 to the Present. Brandeis. p. 74. ISBN 978-0-87451-962-4. 
^ David Tal (24 June 2004). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 469. ISBN 978-1-135-77513-1. some of the Arab armies invaded Palestine in order to prevent the establishment of a Jewish state, Transjordan... 
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 396. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. The Arab war aim, in both stages of the hostilities, was, at a minimum, to abort the emergence of a Jewish state or to destroy it at inception. The Arab states hoped to accomplish this by conquering all or large parts of the territory allotted to the Jews by the United Nations. And some Arab leaders spoke of driving the Jews into the sea19 and ridding Palestine "of the Zionist plague."20 The struggle, as the Arabs saw it, was about the fate of Palestine/ the Land of Israel, all of it, not over this or that part of the country. But, in public, official Arab spokesmen often said that the aim of the May 1948 invasion was to "save" Palestine or "save the Palestinians," definitions more agreeable to Western ears.  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 187. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. A week before the armies marched, Azzam told Kirkbride: "It does not matter how many [ Jews] there are. We will sweep them into the sea." ... Ahmed Shukeiry, one of Haj Amin al-Husseini's aides (and, later, the founding chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization), simply described the aim as "the elimination of the Jewish state." ...al-Quwwatli told his people: "Our army has entered ... we shall win and we shall eradicate Zionism)  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 198. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. the Jews felt that the Arabs aimed to reenact the Holocaust and that they faced certain personal and collective slaughter should they lose  
^ "PDF copy of Cablegram from the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: S/745: 15 May 1948". Un.org. 9 September 2002. Archived from the original on 7 January 2014. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Morris, Benny. The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem Revisited. Cambridge University Press. p. 602. ISBN 978-0-521-00967-6. 
^ "Two Hundred and Seventh Plenary Meeting". The United Nations. 11 May 1949. Archived from the original on 12 September 2007. Retrieved 13 July 2007. 
^ William Roger Louis (1984). The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. Clarendon Press. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-19-822960-5. The transcript makes it clear that British policy acted as a brake on Jordan." "King Abdullah was personally anxious to come to agreement with Israel", Kirkbride stated, and in fact it was our restraining influence which had so far prevented him from doing so." Knox Helm confirmed that the Israelis hoped to have a settlement with Jordan, and that they now genuinely wished to live peacefully within their frontiers, if only for economic reasons 
^ Lustick 1988, pp. 37–39
^ "Israel (Labor Zionism)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Kibbutz & Moshav: History & Overview". Jewish Virtual Library. Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 17 June 2014. 
^ Anita Shapira (1992). Land and Power. Stanford University Press. pp. 416, 419. 
^ Segev, Tom. 1949: The First Israelis. "The First Million". Trans. Arlen N. Weinstein. New York: The Free Press, 1986. Print. p 105-107
^ Shulewitz, Malka Hillel (2001). The Forgotten Millions: The Modern Jewish Exodus from Arab Lands. Continuum. ISBN 978-0-8264-4764-7. 
^ Laskier, Michael "Egyptian Jewry under the Nasser Regime, 1956–70" pages 573–619 from Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 31, Issue # 3, July 1995 page 579.
^ a b "Population, by Religion and Population Group" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 7 August 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell (2003). The Founding of the State of Israel. Greenhaven Press. p. 15. 
^ Hakohen, Devorah (2003). Immigrants in Turmoil: Mass Immigration to Israel and Its Repercussions in the 1950s and After. Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-2969-6. ; for ma'abarot population, see p. 269.
^ Clive Jones, Emma Murphy, Israel: Challenges to Identity, Democracy, and the State, Routledge 2002 p. 37: "Housing units earmarked for the Oriental Jews were often reallocated to European Jewish immigrants; Consigning Oriental Jews to the privations of ma'aborot (transit camps) for longer periods."
^ Segev 2007, pp. 155–157
^ Shindler 2002, pp. 49–50
^ Kameel B. Nasr (1 December 1996). Arab and Israeli Terrorism: The Causes and Effects of Political Violence, 1936–1993. McFarland. pp. 40–. ISBN 978-0-7864-3105-2. Fedayeen to attack...almost always against civilians 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 58
^ Isaac Alteras (1993). Eisenhower and Israel: U.S.-Israeli Relations, 1953–1960. University Press of Florida. pp. 192–. ISBN 978-0-8130-1205-6. the removal of the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. The blockade closed Israel's sea lane to East Africa and the Far East, hindering the development of Israel's southern port of Eilat and its hinterland, the Nege. Another important objective of the Israeli war plan was the elimination of the terrorist bases in the Gaza Strip, from which daily fedayeen incursions into Israel made life unbearable for its southern population. And last but not least, the concentration of the Egyptian forces in the Sinai Peninsula, armed with the newly acquired weapons from the Soviet bloc, prepared for an attack on Israel. Here, Ben-Gurion believed, was a time bomb that had to be defused before it was too late. Reaching the Suez Canal did not figure at all in Israel's war objectives.  
^ Dominic Joseph Caraccilo (January 2011). Beyond Guns and Steel: A War Termination Strategy. ABC-CLIO. pp. 113–. ISBN 978-0-313-39149-1. The escalation continued with the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran, and Nasser's nationalization of the Suez Canal in July 1956. On October 14, Nasser made clear his intent:"I am not solely fighting against Israel itself. My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad. Our hatred is very strong. There is no sense in talking about peace with Israel. There is not even the smallest place for negotiations." Less than two weeks later, on October 25, Egypt signed a tripartite agreement with Syria and Jordan placing Nasser in command of all three armies. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Gulf of Aqaba to Israeli shipping, combined with the increased fedayeen attacks and the bellicosity of recent Arab statements, prompted Israel, with the backing of Britain and France, to attack Egypt on October 29, 1956. 
^ Alan Dowty (20 June 2005). Israel/Palestine. Polity. pp. 102–. ISBN 978-0-7456-3202-5. Gamal Abdel Nasser, who declared in one speech that "Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death."...The level of violence against Israelis, soldiers and civilians alike, seemed to be rising inexorably. 
^ "The Jewish Virtual Library, The Sinai-Suez Campaign: Background & Overview". In 1955, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser began to import arms from the Soviet Bloc to build his arsenal for the confrontation with Israel. In the short-term, however, he employed a new tactic to prosecute Egypt's war with Israel. He announced it on August 31, 1955: Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death. These "heroes" were Arab terrorists, or fedayeen, trained and equipped by Egyptian Intelligence to engage in hostile action on the border and infiltrate Israel to commit acts of sabotage and murder. 
^ Schoenherr, Steven (15 December 2005). "The Suez Crisis". Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ Gorst, Anthony; Johnman, Lewis (1997). The Suez Crisis. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-11449-3. 
^ Benny Morris (25 May 2011). Righteous Victims: A History of the Zionist-Arab Conflict, 1881–1998. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. pp. 300, 301. ISBN 978-0-307-78805-4. (p. 300) In exchange (for Israeli withdrawal) the United states had indirectly promised to guarantee Israel's right of passage through the straits (to the Red sea) and its right to self defense if the Egyptian closed them....(p 301) The 1956 war resulted in a significant reduction of...Israeli border tension. Egypt refrained from reactivating the Fedaeen, and...Egypt and Jordan made great effort to curb infiltration 
^ "National insurance institute of Israel, Hostile Action Casualties" (in Hebrew). list of people who were kiled in hostile action: 53 In 1956, 19 in 1957, 15 in 1958 
^ "jewish virtual library, Terrorism Against Israel: Number of Fatalities". 53 at 1956, 19 at 1957, 15 at 1958 
^ "Jewish virtual library, MYTH "Israel's military strike in 1956 was unprovoked."". Israeli Ambassador to the UN Abba Eban explained ... As a result of these actions of Egyptian hostility within Israel, 364 Israelis were wounded and 101 killed. In 1956 alone, as a result of this aspect of Egyptian aggression, 28 Israelis were killed and 127 wounded. 
^ "Adolf Eichmann". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 18 September 2007. 
^ Cole 2003, p. 27. "... the Eichmann trial, which did so much to raise public awareness of the Holocaust ..."
^ Shlomo Shpiro (2006). "No place to hide: Intelligence and civil liberties in Israel". Cambridge Review of International Affairs. 19 (44): 629–648. doi:10.1080/09557570601003361. 
^ "The Politics of Miscalculation in the Middle East", by Richard B. Parker (1993 Indiana University Press) pp. 38
^ Maoz, Moshe (1995). Syria and Israel: From War to Peacemaking. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 70. ISBN 978-0-19-828018-7. 
^ "On This Day 5 Jun". BBC. 5 June 1967. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Segev 2007, p. 178
^ Gat, Moshe (2003). Britain and the Conflict in the Middle East, 1964–1967: The Coming of the Six-Day War. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 202. ISBN 0275975142. 
^ John Quigley, The Six-Day War and Israeli Self-Defense: Questioning the Legal Basis for Preventive War, Cambridge University Press, 2013, p. 32.
^ Samir A. Mutawi (18 July 2002). Jordan in the 1967 War. Cambridge University Press. p. 93. ISBN 978-0-521-52858-0. Although Eshkol denounced the Egyptians, his response to this development was a model of moderation. His speech on 21 May demanded that Nasser withdraw his forces from Sinai but made no mention of the removal of UNEF from the Straits nor of what Israel would do if they were closed to Israeli shipping. The next day Nasser announced to an astonished world that henceforth the Straits were, indeed, closed to all Israeli ships 
^ Segev 2007, p. 289
^ Smith 2006, p. 126. "Nasser, the Egyptian president, decided to mass troops in the Sinai ... casus belli by Israel."
^ Bennet, James (13 March 2005). "The Interregnum". The New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Palestinian National Covenant- July 1968". Mfa.gov.il. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Silke, Andrew (2004). Research on Terrorism: Trends, Achievements and Failures. Routledge. p. 149 (256 pages). ISBN 978-0-7146-8273-0. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Martin (2002). The Routledge Atlas of the Arab–Israeli Conflict: The Complete History of the Struggle and the Efforts to Resolve It. Routledge. p. 82. ISBN 978-0-415-28116-4. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Andrews, Edmund; Kifner, John (27 January 2008). "George Habash, Palestinian Terrorism Tactician, Dies at 82". The New York Times. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "1973: Arab states attack Israeli forces". On This Day. The BBC. 6 October 1973. Retrieved 15 July 2007. 
^ "Agranat Commission". Knesset. 2008. Retrieved 8 April 2010. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 169–170 "In hindsight we can say that 1977 was a turning point ..."
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 171–174
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186–187
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 356. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ Lustick, Ian (1997). "Has Israel Annexed East Jerusalem?" (PDF). Middle East Policy. Washington, D.C.: Wiley-Blackwell. V (1): 34–45. ISSN 1061-1924. OCLC 4651987544. doi:10.1111/j.1475-4967.1997.tb00247.x. Retrieved 1 June 2013. 
^ See for example UN General Assembly resolution 63/30, passed 163 for, 6 against "Resolution adopted by the General Assembly". 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. 
^ "Golan Heights profile". BBC News. 27 November 2015. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ Friedberg, Rachel M. (November 2001). "The Impact of Mass Migration on the Israeli Labor Market" (PDF). The Quarterly Journal of Economics. 116 (4): 1373–1408. doi:10.1162/003355301753265606. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 199
^ Tessler, Mark A. (1994). A History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Indiana University Press. p. 677. ISBN 978-0-253-20873-6. 
^ Stone & Zenner 1994, p. 246. "Toward the end of 1991 ... were the result of internal Palestinian terror."
^ Haberman, Clyde (9 December 1991). "After 4 Years, Intifada Still Smolders". The New York Times. Retrieved 28 March 2008. 
^ Mowlana, Gerbner & Schiller 1992, p. 111
^ Bregman 2002, p. 236
^ "From the End of the Cold War to 2001". Boston College. Archived from the original on 27 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The Oslo Accords, 1993". U.S. Department of State. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ "Israel-PLO Recognition – Exchange of Letters between PM Rabin and Chairman Arafat – Sept 9- 1993". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ Harkavy & Neuman 2001, p. 270. "Even though Jordan in 1994 became the second country, after Egypt to sign a peace treaty with Israel ..."
^ "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991–2003". Settlements information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kurtzer, Daniel; Lasensky, Scott (2008). Negotiating Arab-Israeli peace: American leadership in the Middle East. United States Institute of Peace Press. p. 44. ISBN 978-1-60127-030-6. 
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 494. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ "Israel marks Rabin assassination". BBC News. 12 November 2005. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 257
^ "The Wye River Memorandum". U.S. Department of State. 23 October 1998. Archived from the original on 24 December 1999. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ Gelvin 2005, p. 240
^ Gross, Tom (16 January 2014). "The big myth: that he caused the Second Intifada". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Hong, Nicole (23 February 2015). "Jury Finds Palestinian Authority, PLO Liable for Terrorist Attacks in Israel a Decade Ago". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Ain, Stewart (20 December 2000). "PA: Intifada Was Planned". The Jewish Week. Archived from the original on 13 October 2007. 
^ Samuels, David (1 September 2005). "In a Ruined Country". The Atlantic. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "West Bank barrier route disputed, Israeli missile kills 2". USA Today. 29 July 2004. Archived from the original on 20 October 2012. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ Harel, Amos; Issacharoff, Avi (1 October 2010). "Years of rage". Haaretz. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ King, Laura (28 September 2004). "Losing Faith in the Intifada". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Diehl, Jackson (27 September 2004). "From Jenin To Fallujah?". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Amidror, Yaakov. "Winning Counterinsurgency War: The Israeli Experience" (PDF). Strategic Perspectives. Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Pipes, Daniel (14 September 2008). "Must Counterinsurgency Wars Fail?". The Washington Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Frisch, Hillel (12 January 2009). "The Need for a Decisive Israeli Victory Over Hamas". Perspectives Papers on Current Affairs. Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies. Archived from the original on 14 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Buchris, Ofek (9 March 2006). "The "Defensive Shield" Operation as a Turning Point in Israel's National Security Strategy" (PDF). Strategy Research Project. United States Army War College. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Krauthammer, Charles (18 June 2004). "Israel's Intifada Victory". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Plocker, Sever (22 June 2008). "2nd Intifada forgotten". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Ya'alon, Moshe (January 2007). "Lessons from the Palestinian 'War' against Israel" (PDF). Policy Focus. Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Hendel, Yoaz (20 September 2010). "Letting the IDF win". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Zvi Shtauber; Yiftah Shapir (2006). The Middle East strategic balance, 2004–2005. Sussex Academic Press. p. 7. ISBN 978-1-84519-108-5. Retrieved 12 February 2012. 
^ https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Terrorism/victims.html#2000; The Psychology of Strategic Terrorism: Public and Government Responses to Attack, Shepherd, Ben, p. 172
^ "Fatalities before Operation "Cast Lead"". B'Tselem. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "Security Council Calls for End to Hostilities between Hizbollah, Israel, Unanimously Adopting Resolution 1701 (2006)". United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701. 11 August 2006. 
Escalation of hostilities in Lebanon and in Israel since Hizbollah's attack on Israel on 12 July 2006
^ Harel, Amos (13 July 2006). "Hezbollah kills 8 soldiers, kidnaps two in offensive on northern border". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Koutsoukis, Jason (5 January 2009). "Battleground Gaza: Israeli ground forces invade the strip". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 5 January 2009. 
^ Ravid, Barak (18 January 2009). "IDF begins Gaza troop withdrawal, hours after ending 3-week offensive". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Azoulay, Yuval (1 January 2009). "Two IDF soldiers, civilian lightly hurt as Gaza mortars hit Negev". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Lappin, Yaakov; Lazaroff, Tovah (12 November 2012). "Gaza groups pound Israel with over 100 rockets". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ Stephanie Nebehay (20 November 2012). "UN rights boss, Red Cross urge Israel, Hamas to spare civilians". Reuters. Retrieved 20 November 2012. ; al-Mughrabi, Nidal (24 November 2012). "Hamas leader defiant as Israel eases Gaza curbs". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2013. ; "Israeli air strike kills top Hamas commander Jabari". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 14 November 2012. 
^ "Israel and Hamas Trade Attacks as Tension Rises". The New York Times. 8 July 2014. 
^ Cohen, Gili (9 January 2012). "Israel Navy to devote majority of missile boats to secure offshore drilling rafts". Haaretz. 
^ "Area of Districts, Sub-Districts, Natural Regions and Lakes". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 11 September 2012. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel (Geography)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. 7 May 2009. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Coastal Plain". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ "The Living Dead Sea". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 April 1999. ISBN 0-8264-0406-5. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ Makhteshim Country. UNESCO. ISBN 954-642-135-9. Retrieved 19 September 2007. 
^ Jacobs 1998, p. 284. "The extraordinary Makhtesh Ramon – the largest natural crater in the world ..." "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2 April 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "Makhtesh Ramon". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ Rinat, Zafrir (29 May 2008). "More endangered than rain forests?". Haaretz. Tel Aviv. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ferry M.; Meghraoui M.; Karaki A.A.; Al-Taj M.; Amoush H.; Al-Dhaisat S.; Barjous M. (2008). "A 48-kyr-long slip rate history for the Jordan Valley segment of the Dead Sea Fault". Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 260 (3–4): 394–406. Bibcode:2007E&PSL.260..394F. doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2007.05.049. 
^ a b American Friends of the Tel Aviv University, Earthquake Experts at Tel Aviv University Turn to History for Guidance (October 4, 2007). Quote: The major ones were recorded along the Jordan Valley in the years 31 B.C.E., 363 C.E., 749 C.E., and 1033 C.E. "So roughly, we are talking about an interval of every 400 years. If we follow the patterns of nature, a major quake should be expected any time because almost a whole millennium has passed since the last strong earthquake of 1033." (Tel Aviv University Associate Professor Dr. Shmuel (Shmulik) Marco). [1]
^ a b Zafrir Renat, Israel Is Due, and Ill Prepared, for Major Earthquake, Haaretz, 15 January 2010. "On average, a destructive earthquake takes place in Israel once every 80 years, causing serious casualties and damage." [2]
^ Watzman, Haim (8 February 1997). "Left for dead". New Scientist. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "WMO Region 6: Highest Temperature". World Meteorological Organization. Archived from the original on 16 April 2015. Retrieved 3 April 2009. 
^ Goldreich 2003, p. 85
^ "Average Weather for Tel Aviv-Yafo". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ "Average Weather for Jerusalem". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ Sitton, Dov (20 September 2003). "Development of Limited Water Resources- Historical and Technological Aspects". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 7 November 2007. 
^ a b Grossman, Gershon; Ayalon, Ofira; Baron, Yifaat; Kauffman, Debby. "Solar energy for the production of heat Summary and recommendations of the 4th assembly of the energy forum at SNI". Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Flora of Israel Online". Flora.huji.ac.il. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "National Parks and Nature Reserves, Israel". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 18 September 2012. 
^ "Population, by Religion". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "On Israel's 69th birthday, population reaches 8.68 million". Retrieved 17 July 2017. 
^ "Monthly Bulletin of Statistics". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ "ISRAEL: Crackdown on illegal migrants and visa violators". IRIN. 14 July 2009. 
^ "Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation". Reuters. 11 June 2012. 
^ "THE LAND: Urban Life". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ "The Law of Return". Knesset. Archived from the original on 27 November 2005. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2000) [2000]. Still Moving: Recent Jewish Migration in Comparative Perspective, Daniel J. Elazar and Morton Weinfeld eds., ed. 'The Global Context of Migration to Israel'. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers. pp. 13–60. ISBN 1-56000-428-2. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Herman, Pini (1 September 1983). "The Myth of the Israeli Expatriate". Moment Magazine. 8 (8): 62–63. 
^ Gould, Eric D.; Moav, Omer (2007). "Israel's Brain Drain". Israel Economic Review. Bank of Israel. 5 (1): 1–22. SSRN 2180400 . 
^ Rettig Gur, Haviv (6 April 2008). "Officials to US to bring Israelis home". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Jews, by Continent of Origin, Continent of Birth & Period of Immigration". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "From Sephardi to Mizrahi and Back Again: Changing Meanings of "Sephardi" in Its Social Environments". 
^ "The myth of the Mizrahim". The Guardian. London. 3 April 2009. 
^ Shields, Jacqueline. "Jewish Refugees from Arab Countries". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "Missing Mizrahim". 
^ Okun, Barbara S.; Khait-Marelly, Orna (2006). "Socioeconomic Status and Demographic Behavior of Adult Multiethnics: Jews in Israel" (PDF). Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 October 2013. Retrieved 26 May 2013. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2011). "Jewish Demographic Policies" (PDF). The Jewish People Policy Institute. 
^ "Israel (people)". Encyclopedia.com. 2007. 
^ Yoram Ettinger (5 April 2013). "Defying demographic projections". Israel Hayom. Retrieved 29 October 2013. 
^ a b c "Localities and Population, by Population Group, District, Sub-District and Natural Region". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ a b "Population of Jerusalem, by Age, Religion and Geographical Spreading, 2014" (PDF). The Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "Settlements in the Gaza Strip". Settlement Information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 12 December 2007. 
^ "Localities, Population and Density per Sq. Km., by Metropolitan Area and Selected Localities". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 19 January 2017. 
^ a b c "List of localities, in Alphabetical order" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 16 October 2016. 
^ Roberts 1990, p. 60 Although East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights have been brought directly under Israeli law, by acts that amount to annexation, both of these areas continue to be viewed by the international community as occupied, and their status as regards the applicability of international rules is in most respects identical to that of the West Bank and Gaza.
^ Israel Central Bureau of Statistics: The Ethiopian Community in Israel
^ "Israel may admit 3,000 Ethiopia migrants if Jews". Reuters. 16 July 2009. 
^ Meyer, Bill (17 August 2008). "Israel's welcome for Ethiopian Jews wears thin". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "Study: Soviet immigrants outperform Israeli students". Haaretz. 10 February 2008. 
^ "French radio station RFI makes aliyah". Ynetnews. 5 December 2011. 
^ Spolsky, Bernard (1999). Round Table on Language and Linguistics. Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press. pp. 169–70. ISBN 0-87840-132-6. In 1948, the newly independent state of Israel took over the old British regulations that had set English, Arabic, and Hebrew as official languages for Mandatory Palestine but, as mentioned, dropped English from the list. In spite of this, official language use has maintained a de facto role for English, after Hebrew but before Arabic. 
^ Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava (2004). "Part I: Language and Discourse". In Diskin Ravid, Dorit; Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava. Perspectives on Language and Development: Essays in Honor of Ruth A. Berman. Kluwer Academic Publishers. p. 90. ISBN 1-4020-7911-7. English is not considered official but it plays a dominant role in the educational and public life of Israeli society. ... It is the language most widely used in commerce, business, formal papers, academia, and public interactions, public signs, road directions, names of buildings, etc. English behaves 'as if' it were the second and official language in Israel. 
^ Shohamy, Elana (2006). Language Policy: Hidden Agendas and New Approaches. Routledge. pp. 72–73. ISBN 0-415-32864-0. In terms of English, there is no connection between the declared policies and statements and de facto practices. While English is not declared anywhere as an official language, the reality is that it has a very high and unique status in Israel. It is the main language of the academy, commerce, business, and the public space. 
^ "English programs at Israeli universities and colleges". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ Starr, Kelsey Jo; Masci, David (8 March 2016). "In Israel, Jews are united by homeland but divided into very different groups". Pew Research Center. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "At the edge of the abyss". Haaretz. 24 November 2009. 
^  McMahon, Arthur. L. (1913). "Holy Sepulchre". In Herbermann, Charles. Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company. 
^ Bassok, Moti (25 December 2006). "Israel's Christian population numbers 148,000 as of Christmas Eve". Haaretz. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "National Population Estimates" (PDF). Central Bureau of Statistics: 27. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's disputatious Avigdor Lieberman: Can the coalition hold together?". The Economist. 11 March 2010. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Levine, Lee I. (1999). Jerusalem: its sanctity and centrality to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 516. ISBN 978-0-8264-1024-5. 
^ Hebrew Phrasebook. Lonely Planet Publications. 1 November 1999. p. 156. ISBN 0-86442-528-7. 
^ "The Bahá'í World Centre: Focal Point for a Global Community". The Bahá'í International Community. Archived from the original on 29 June 2007. Retrieved 2 July 2007. 
^ "Teaching the Faith in Israel". Bahá'í Library Online. 23 June 1995. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Kababir and Central Carmel – Multiculturalism on the Carmel". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Visit Haifa". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Education in Ancient Israel". American Bible Society. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Moaz, Asher (July 2007). "Religious Education in Israel". Tel Aviv University Law Faculty Papers. 
^ a b David Adler (10 March 2014). "Ambitious Israeli students look to top institutions abroad". ICEF. Retrieved 20 January 2015. 
^ Karin Kloosterman (30 October 2005). "Bill Gates – Israel is a high tech superpower". Israel21. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Gary Shapiro (11 July 2013). "What Are The Secrets Behind Israel's Growing Innovative Edge?". Forbes. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ "Top Ten Reasons to Invest in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Israel: IT Workforce". Information Technology Landscape in Nations Around the World. American University. Archived from the original on 13 September 2006. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ "Israeli Schools: Religious and Secular Problems". Education Resources Information Center. 10 October 1984. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kashti, Or; Ilan, Shahar (18 July 2007). "Knesset raises school dropout age to 18". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Summary of the Principal Laws Related to Education". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 26 January 2003. Archived from the original on 18 February 2006. Retrieved 4 August 2007. 
^ a b Shetreet, Ida Ben; Woolf, Laura L. (2010). "Education" (PDF). Publications Department. Ministry of Immigrant Absorption. Retrieved 30 August 2012. 
^ "Religion and Education Around the World". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "6. Jewish educational attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "How Religious Groups Differ in Educational Attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "Jews at top of class in first-ever global study of religion and education". 13 December 2016. 
^ "The Israeli Matriculation Certificate". United States-Israel Educational Foundation via the University of Szeged University Library. January 1996. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "המגזר הערבי נוצרי הכי מצליח במערכת החינוך)". Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Christians in Israel: Strong in education". ynet. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ Konstantinov, Viacheslav (2015). "Patterns of Integration into Israeli Society among Immigrants from the Former Soviet Union over the Past Two Decades". Myers-JDC-Brookdale Institute. Retrieved 9 March 2017. 
^ "עולים מחבר העמים מצליחים יותר בבגרויות". וואלה! חדשות. 
^ "Students in Grade 12 - Matriculation Examinees and Those Entitled to a Certificate". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 5 March 2017. 
^ "Higher Education in Israel". Embassy of Israel In India. Archived from the original on 25 July 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Paraszczuk, Joanna (17 July 2012). "Ariel gets university status, despite opposition". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Technion". Technion. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "Israel". Monash University. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "History of the Library". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ a b "Israel". Academic Ranking of World Universities. 2016. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ a b "Field Listing — Executive Branch". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 19 June 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ In 1996, direct elections for the prime minister were inaugurated, but the system was declared unsatisfactory and the old one reinstated. See "Israel's election process explained". BBC News. 23 January 2003. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ "The Electoral System in Israel". The Knesset. Retrieved 8 August 2007. 
^ Mazie 2006, p. 34
^ Charbit, Denis (2014). "Israel's Self-Restrained Secularism from the 1947 Status Quo Letter to the Present". In Berlinerblau, Jacques; Fainberg, Sarah; Nou, Aurora. Secularism on the Edge: Rethinking Church-State Relations in the United States, France, and Israel. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. pp. 167–169. ISBN 978-1-137-38115-6. The compromise, therefore, was to choose constructive ambiguity: as surprising as it may seem, there is no law that declares Judaism the official religion of Israel. However, there is no other law that declares Israel's neutrality toward all confessions. Judaism is not recognized as the official religion of the state, and even though the Jewish, Muslim and Christian clergy receive their salaries from the state, this fact does not make Israel a neutral state. This apparent pluralism cannot dissimulate the fact that Israel displays a clear and undoubtedly hierarchical pluralism in religious matters. ... It is important to note that from a multicultural point of view, this self-restrained secularism allows Muslim law to be practiced in Israel for personal matters of the Muslim community. As surprising as it seems, if not paradoxical for a state in war, Israel is the only Western democratic country in which Sharia enjoys such an official status. 
^ Sharot, Stephen (2007). "Judaism in Israel: Public Religion, Neo-Traditionalism, Messianism, and Ethno-Religious Conflict". In Beckford, James A.; Demerath, Jay. The SAGE Handbook of the Sociology of Religion. London and Thousand Oaks, California: Sage Publications. pp. 671–672. ISBN 978-1-4129-1195-5. It is true that Jewish Israelis, and secular Israelis in particular, conceive of religion as shaped by a state-sponsored religious establishment. There is no formal state religion in Israel, but the state gives its official recognition and financial support to particular religious communities, Jewish, Islamic and Christian, whose religious authorities and courts are empowered to deal with matters of personal status and family law, such as marriage, divorce, and alimony, that are binding on all members of the communities. 
^ Jacoby, Tami Amanda (2005). Women in Zones of Conflict: Power and Resistance in Israel. Montreal, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario: McGill-Queen's University Press. pp. 53–54. ISBN 9780773529939. Although there is no official religion in Israel, there is also no clear separation between religion and state. In Israeli public life, tensions frequently arise among different streams of Judaism: Ultra-Orthodox, National-Religious, Mesorati (Conservative), Reconstructionist Progressive (Reform), and varying combinations of traditionalism and non-observance. Despite this variety in religious observances in society, Orthodox Judaism prevails institutionally over the other streams. This boundary is an historical consequence of the unique evolution of the relationship between Israel nationalism and state building. ... Since the founding period, in order to defuse religious tensions, the State of Israel has adopted what is known as the 'status quo,' an unwritten agreement stipulating that no further changes would be made in the status of religion, and that conflict between the observant and non-observant sectors would be handled circumstantially. The 'status quo' has since pertained to the legal status of both religious and secular Jews in Israel. This situation was designed to appease the religious sector, and has been upheld indefinitely through the disproportionate power of religious political parties in all subsequent coalition governments. ... On one hand, the Declaration of Independence adopted in 1948 explicitly guarantees freedom of religion. On the other, it simultaneously prevents the separation of religion and state in Israel. 
^ Englard, Izhak (Winter 1987). "Law and Religion in Israel". The American Journal of Comparative Law. American Society of Comparative Law. 35 (1): 185–208. JSTOR 840166. doi:10.2307/840166. The great political and ideological importance of religion in the state of Israel manifests itself in the manifold legal provisions concerned with religions phenomenon. ... It is not a system of separation between state and religion as practiced in the U.S.A and several other countries of the world. In Israel a number of religious bodies exercise official functions; the religious law is applied in limited areas 
^ a b "The Judiciary: The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 August 2005. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's high court unique in region". Boston Herald. 9 September 2007. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and the International Criminal Court". Office of the Legal Adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 30 June 2002. Archived from the original on 16 May 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ "The State — Judiciary — The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 October 2006. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "הליך מינוי השופטים בישראל: עובד- אל תיגעו!". Israel Democracy Institute. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Suzi Navot (2007). Constitutional Law of Israel. Kluwer Law International. p. 146. ISBN 9789041126511. 
^ "Introduction to the Tables: Geophysical Characteristics" (doc). Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 4 September 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell. "Israel Makes Peace With Egypt". Jewish Virtual Library. American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "Resolution 497 (1981)". United Nations. 1981. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "East Jerusalem: UNSC Res. 478". UN. 1980. Retrieved 10 April 2010. 
^ "Arabs will ask U.N. to seek razing of Israeli wall". NBCNews.com. 9 July 2004. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ "Olmert: Willing to trade land for peace". Ynetnews. 16 December 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2007. 
^ "Syria ready to discuss land for peace". The Jerusalem Post. 12 June 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Egypt: Israel must accept the land-for-peace formula". The Jerusalem Post. 15 March 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "A/RES/36/147. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "The Avalon Project : United Nations Security Council Resolution 605". avalon.law.yale.edu. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans". BBC News. 25 January 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Rudoren, Jodi; Sengupta, Somini (22 June 2015). "U.N. Report on Gaza Finds Evidence of War Crimes by Israel and by Palestinian Militants". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Human Rights Council establishes Independent, International Commission of Inquiry for the Occupied Palestinian Territory". www.ohchr.org. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Faced with Israeli denial of access to Occupied Palestinian Territory, UN expert resigns". Archived from the original on 5 December 2016. 
^ "Human Rights Council adopts six resolutions and closes its thirty-first regular session". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Israel and The Occupied Territories - The Occupied Territories". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Heyer, Julia Amalia. "Kids Behind Bars: Israel's Arbitrary Arrests of Palestinian Minors". SPIEGEL ONLINE. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories 2016/2017". Amnesty International. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Eight hundred dead Palestinians. But Israel has impunity". The Independent. 26 July 2014. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Isfahan, About the Author Ali OmidiDr Ali Omidi is Assistant Professor of International Relations in the University of (11 August 2014). "Why Israel’s Impunity Goes Unpunished by International Authorities". Foreign Policy Journal. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "How impunity defines Israel and victimises Palestinians". Al Jazeera. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Barghouti, Marwan (16 April 2017). "Why We Are on Hunger Strike in Israel’s Prisons". The New York Times. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Dorfman, Zach. "George Mitchell wrote 'A Path to Peace' about Israel and Palestine. Is there one?". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Outrage over Maimane's visit to Israel". Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "The subordination of Palestinian rights must stop". The National. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Palestine-Israel Journal: Settlements and the Palestinian Right to Self-Determination". www.pij.org. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Hammond, Jeremy R. "The Rejection of Palestinian Self Determination" (PDF). Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Top US senator clashes with Netanyahu over Israeli rights record". POLITICO. 31 March 2016. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Allegations of Israeli Human Rights Violations Closely Scrutinized, Says U.S. State Department". Haaretz. 6 May 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Gilboa, Eytan (2006-10-01). "Public Diplomacy: The Missing Component in Israel's Foreign Policy". Israel Affairs. 12 (4): 715–747. ISSN 1353-7121. doi:10.1080/13533310600890067. 
^ Nikki Haley urges UN to shift its criticism from Israel to Iran, 20th April 2017, Times of Israel
^ U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘The Days of Israel-Bashing Are Over’, 28th March 2017, National Review
^ "Ban Ki-moon recognizes bias against Israel in last Security Council speech". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Annan: Solution for refugees in Palestinian state". Ynetnews. Retrieved 2017-04-27. 
^ "UNRWA in Figures: Figures as of 30 June 2009" (PDF). United Nations. June 2009. Retrieved 27 September 2007. 
^ "Questions and Answers". Israel's Security Fence. The State of Israel. 22 February 2004. Archived from the original on 3 October 2013. Retrieved 17 April 2007. 
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "Refworld | West Bank Barrier Route Projections, July 2008". Unhcr.org. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Under the Guise of Security: Routing the Separation Barrier to Enable Israeli Settlement Expansion in the West Bank". Publications. B'Tselem. December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Situation Report on the Humanitarian Situation in the Gaza Strip". Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. 
^ "The occupied Palestinian territories: Dignity Denied". International Committee of the Red Cross. 13 December 2007. 
^ "Israel/Palestine". Human Rights Watch. 2013. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict" (PDF). United Nations Human Rights Council. 15 September 2009. p. 85. 
^ "Israel/Occupied Territories: Road to nowhere". Amnesty International. 1 December 2006. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. 
^ a b "The scope of Israeli control in the Gaza Strip". B'Tselem. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Agreed documents on movement and access from and to Gaza". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 15 November 2005. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel's Diplomatic Missions Abroad: Status of relations". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ Mohammed Mostafa Kamal (21 July 2012). "Why Doesn't the Muslim World Recognize Israel?". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 30 November 2015. 
^ "Massive Israel protests hit universities" (Egyptian Mail, 16 March 2010) "According to most Egyptians, almost 31 years after a peace treaty was signed between Egypt and Israel, having normal ties between the two countries is still a potent accusation and Israel is largely considered to be an enemy country"
^ "Initial Periodic Report of the State of Israel Concerning the Implementation of the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC)" (PDF). Israel Ministry of Justice. February 2001: 147 (173 using pdf numbering). Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 September 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ הוראות הדין הישראלי (in Hebrew). Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 2004. Archived from the original on 1 July 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 37–39, 47
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 47–49
^ "Qatar, Mauritania cut Israel ties". Al Jazeera English. 17 January 2009. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Abn, Abi (14 January 2009). "Bolivia rompe relaciones diplomáticas con Israel y anuncia demanda por genocidio en Gaza" (in Spanish). YVKE Mundial Radio. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2010. 
^ "The Recognition of Israel". JSTOR 2193961. 
^ "U.S. Relations With Israel Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Fact Sheet March 10, 2014". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Israel: Background and Relations with the United States Updated" (PDF). Defense Technical Information Center. Retrieved 19 October 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Overseas Loans and Grants" (PDF). 
^ "U.S. Government Foreign Grants and Credits by Type and Country: 2000 to 2010" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-10-20. 
^ "Foreign Aid". Archived from the original on 2007-12-25. 
^ "The bilateral relationship". UK in Israel. Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Congressional Research Service: Germany's Relations with Israel: Background and Implications for German Middle East Policy, Jan 19, 2007. (page CRS-2)" (PDF). Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ Eric Maurice (5 March 2015). "EU to Revise Relations with Turbulent Neighbourhood". EUobserver. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Abadi 2004, p. 3. "However, it was not until 1991 that the two countries established full diplomatic relations."
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 4–6
^ Uzer, Umut (26 March 2013). "Turkish-Israeli Relations: Their Rise and Fall". Middle East Policy. XX (1): 97–110. doi:10.1111/mepo.12007. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ "Israel woos Greece after rift with Turkey". BBC News. 16 October 2010. 
^ "Turkey, Greece discuss exploration off Cyprus". Haaretz. Associated Press. 26 September 2011. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Benari, Elad (5 March 2012). "Israel, Cyprus Sign Deal for Underwater Electricity Cable". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Kumar, Dinesh. "India and Israel: Dawn of a New Era" (PDF). Jerusalem Institute for Western Defense. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Eichner, Itamar (4 March 2009). "From India with love". Ynetnews. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Nitin Gadkari to visit Israel tomorrow". World Snap. 13 December 2010. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "India to hold wide-ranging strategic talks with US, Israel". The Times of India. 19 January 2010. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Iran and Israel in Africa: A search for allies in a hostile world". The Economist. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ World Giving Index (PDF) (Report). Charities Aid Foundation. October 2016. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Pfeffer, Anshel (April 28, 2015). "The Downsides of Israel's Missions of Mercy Abroad". Haaretz. Retrieved November 22, 2015. And even when no Israelis are involved, few countries are as fast as Israel in mobilizing entire delegations to rush to the other side of the world. It has been proved time and again in recent years, after the earthquake in Haiti, the typhoon in the Philippines and the quake/tsunami/nuclear disaster in Japan. For a country of Israel's size and resources, without conveniently located aircraft carriers and overseas bases, it is quite an impressive achievement. 
^ "About MASHAV". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Haim Yacobi, Israel and Africa: A Genealogy of Moral Geography, Routledge, 2015 p.113.
^ Ki-moon, Ban (1 December 2016). "Secretary-General's remarks at reception in honour of ZAKA International Rescue Unit [as prepared for delivery]". United Nations. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Ueriel Hellman,"Israeli aid effort helps Haitians – and Israel's image", Jewish Telegraphic Agency 19 January 2010
^ "Israel's 'superwoman' takes flight to help others – ISRAEL21c". Israel21c. 
^ "Wolfson cardiac surgeons save lives of more Gazan children". The Jerusalem Post - JPost.com. 
^ "Earthquake in Haiti – Latet Organization deploys for immediate relief to victims". ReliefWeb. 
^ "When catastrophe strikes the IDF is there to help". Israel Today. May 20, 2015. Retrieved November 24, 2015. 
^ Benhorin, Yitzhak (18 January 2010). "Praise for Israeli mission in Haiti: 'Only ones operating'". Ynet. Retrieved 25 November 2015. 
^ "International Aid to Haiti: Who's Giving". Cbsnews.com. 14 January 2010. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Marcy Oster, Israeli delegation leaves Haiti Jewish Telegraphic Agency January 27, 2010.
^ "Heart surgery for Haitian child". Israel21c. 27 January 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "IDF team returns from Haiti". The canadian Jewish news. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Israeli aid delegation leaves for Japan". Ynetnews. 26 March 2011. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Kinue Tokudome, 'Promise fulfilled Israelìs Medical Team in Japan,' The Jerusalem Post 18 April 2015.
^ "History: 1948". Israel Defense Forces. 2007. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Henderson 2003, p. 97
^ "The State: Israel Defense Forces (IDF)". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 13 March 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Defense Forces". GlobalSecurity.org. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ "Tel Aviv-Yaffo Municipality, Beaches" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 12 July 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012. 
^ "The Israel Defense Forces". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 21 October 2006. 
^ Stendel 1997, pp. 191–192
^ Shtrasler, Nehemia (16 May 2007). "Cool law, for wrong population". Haaretz. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Sherut Leumi (National Service)". Nefesh B'Nefesh. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Military Balance: Israel (PDF) (Report). The Institute for National Security Studies. 26 November 2014. p. 10. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (30 March 2007). "'Arrow can fully protect against Iran'". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Israeli Mirage III and Nesher Aces, By Shlomo Aloni, (Osprey 2004), page 60
^ Spike Anti-Tank Missile, Israel army-technology.com
^ Robert Johnson (19 November 2012). "How Israel Developed Such A Shockingly Effective Rocket Defense System". Business Insider. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Sarah Tory (19 November 2012). "A Missile-Defense System That Actually Works?". Slate. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Zorn, E. L. (8 May 2007). "Israel's Quest for Satellite Intelligence". Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (11 June 2007). "Analysis: Eyes in the sky". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ ElBaradei, Mohamed (27 July 2004). "Transcript of the Director General's Interview with Al-Ahram News". International Atomic Energy Agency. Archived from the original on 18 April 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction: Assessing the Risks" (PDF). Office of Technology Assessment. August 1993. pp. 65, 84. Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 May 2012. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "Background Information". 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). United Nations. 27 May 2005. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ Ziv, Guy, "To Disclose or Not to Disclose: The Impact of Nuclear Ambiguity on Israeli Security," Israel Studies Forum, Vol. 22, No. 2 (Winter 2007): 76–94
^ "Popeye Turbo". Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ "Glossary". Israel Homeowner. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Defence Expenditure in Israel, 1950-2015 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 29 May 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Military expenditure (% of GDP)". World Development Indicators. World Bank. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Trends in world military expenditure, 2015 (PDF) (Report). Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. 5 April 2016. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Sharp, Jeremy M. (22 December 2016). U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel (PDF) (Report). Congressional Research Service. p. 36. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ Lake, Eli (15 September 2016). "The U.S.-Israel Memorandum of Misunderstanding". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 March 2017. 
^ "TOP LIST TIV TABLES". Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Israel reveals more than $7 billion in arms sales, but few names By Gili Cohen | 9 January 2014, Haaretz
^ "Global Peace Index 2017". Institute for Economics and Peace. 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Northern and Western Asia". 
^ "List of OECD Member countries — Ratification of the Convention on the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Schwab, Klaus (2016). The Global Competitiveness Report 2016–2017 (PDF) (Report). World Economic Forum. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Doing Business in Israel". World Bank. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Bounfour, Ahmed; Edvinsson, Leif (2005). Intellectual Capital for Communities: Nations, Regions, and Cities. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 47 (368 pages). ISBN 0-7506-7773-2. 
^ Richard Behar (11 May 2016). "Inside Israel's Secret Startup Machine". Forbes. Retrieved 30 October 2016. 
^ "The 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Scoreboard" (PDF). International Institute for Management Development. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Israel". Human Capital Report. World Economic Forum. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Tel Aviv Stock Exchange inaugurates trading in new building, By GLOBES, NIV ELIS, 09/08/2014
^ "Israel's International Investment Position (IIP), June 2015" (Press release). Bank of Israel. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 29 January 2017. 
^ Krawitz, Avi (27 February 2007). "Intel to expand Jerusalem R&D". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Microsoft Israel R&D center: Leadership". Microsoft. Archived from the original on 13 March 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. Avi returned to Israel in 1991, and established the first Microsoft R&D Center outside the US ... 
^ "Berkshire Announces Acquisition". New York Times. 6 May 2006. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ Koren, Orah (26 June 2012). "Instead of 4 work days: 6 optional days to be considered half day-outs". The Marker. Retrieved 26 June 2012.  (in Hebrew)
^ a b Haviv Rettig Gur (9 October 2013). "Tiny Israel a Nobel heavyweight, especially in chemistry". The Times of Israel. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Israel keen on IT tie-ups". Business Line. Chennai, India. 10 January 2001. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Israel's technology industry: Punching above its weight". The Economist. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Jamrisko, Michelle; Lu, Wei (17 January 2017). "These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies". Bloomberg. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Research and development expenditure (% of GDP)". World Bank. Retrieved 27 January 2017. 
^ Shteinbuk, Eduard (22 July 2011). "R&D and Innovation as a Growth Engine" (PDF). National Research University – Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 11 May 2013. 
^ "InvestinIsrael" (PDF). 
^ Investing in IsraelArchived 9 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Heylin, Michael (27 November 2006). "Globalization of Science Rolls On" (PDF). Chemical & Engineering News. American Chemical Society: 29–31. Retrieved 5 February 2013. 
^ Gordon, Evelyn (24 August 2006). "Kicking the global oil habit". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yarden Skop. "Israel's scientific fall from grace: Study shows drastic decline in publications per capita". Haaretz. 
^ Stafford, Ned (21 March 2006). "Stem cell density highest in Israel". The Scientist. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Futron Releases 2012 Space Competitiveness Index". Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ O'Sullivan, Arieh (9 July 2012). "Israel's domestic satellite industry saved". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 9 December 2012. The Amos 6 will be IAI's 14th satellite 
^ Tran, Mark (21 January 2008). "Israel launches new satellite to spy on Iran". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Space launch systems – Shavit". Deagel. Retrieved 19 November 2013. 
^ e-Teacher (9 February 2010). "Learning Hebrew Online – Colonel Ilan Ramon". The Jerusalem Post. Archived from the original on 8 December 2015. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Talbot, David (2015). "Megascale Desalination". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ Federman, Josef (30 May 2014). "Israel solves water woes with desalination". Associated Press. Archived from the original on 2 June 2014. Retrieved May 30, 2014. 
^ Kershner, Isabel (2015-05-29). "Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe: Drought". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-05-31. 
^ "What You Israelis Have Done With Water Tech is Simply Amazing". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 16 November 2011. 
^ "Ashkelon, Israel". water-technology.net. 
^ Rabinovitch, Ari (6 December 2011). "Desalination plant could make Israel water exporter". Reuters. Jerusalem. 
^ Lettice, John (25 January 2008). "Giant solar plants in Negev could power Israel's future". The Register. 
^ a b Gradstein, Linda (22 October 2007). "Israel Pushes Solar Energy Technology". NPR. 
^ a b Parry, Tom (15 August 2007). "Looking to the sun". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on 24 September 2008. 
^ a b Sandler, Neal (26 March 2008). "At the Zenith of Solar Energy". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Del Chiaro, Bernadette; Telleen-Lawton, Timothy. "Solar Water Heating: How California Can Reduce Its Dependence on Natural Gas" (PDF). Environment California. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Berner, Joachim (January 2008). "Solar, what else?!" (PDF). Sun & Wind Energy. Israel Special. p. 88. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ "Will Israel's Electric Cars Change the World?". Time. 26 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric cars are all the rage in Israel". FT. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Israel to keep electric car recharging fees low". Haaretz. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Baby you can drive my electric car". Jpost. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric Car Company Folds After Taking $850 Million From GE And Others". Business Insider. 26 May 2013. 
^ "Roads, by Length and Area". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b "3.09 Million Motor Vehicles in Israel in 2015". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 30 March 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "Bus Services on Scheduled Routes" (PDF). Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics. 2009. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ a b "Railway Services". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b c "Transportation in Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. 1 November 2001. ISBN 0-08-043448-7. Archived from the original on 6 July 2008. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ "Statistics". Israel Airports Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ Burstein, Nathan (14 August 2007). "Tourist visits above pre-war level". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yifa Yaakov (10 January 2014). "2013 'record year' for tourism, government says". Times of Israel. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Ziv Reinstein (10 January 2014). "2013: Record year for incoming tourism". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Wainer, David; Ben-David, Calev (22 April 2010). "Israel Billionaire Tshuva Strikes Gas, Fueling Expansion in Energy, Hotels". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on 12 January 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Technical Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Environmental Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Arava Power Company". Archived from the original on July 7, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Roca, Marc (May 22, 2012), "Arava Closes Funding For $204 Million Israeli Solar Plants", Bloomberg, retrieved June 3, 2012 
^ "Asian Studies: Israel as a 'Melting Pot'". National Research University Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 18 April 2012. 
^ "Jewish Festivals and Days of Remembrance in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ Ran, Ami (25 August 1998). "Encounters: The Vernacular Paradox of Israeli Architecture". Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 6 September 2007. 
^ Brinn, David (23 October 2005). "Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian DJs create bridge for peace". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The International Israeli Table". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 26 June 2009. 
^ "Amos Oz is most translated Israeli author". Ynetnews. 10 February 2009. 
^ "Depositing Books to The Jewish National & University Library". Jewish National and University Library. Retrieved 21 August 2007. 
^ "Statistics for 2015". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1966". Nobel Foundation. Retrieved 12 August 2007. 
^ "Palestinian 'national poet' dies". BBC News. 9 August 2008. 
^ Broughton, Ellingham & Trillo 1999, pp. 365–369
^ "Israel". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 10 February 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1095
^ Ewbank, Alison J.; Papageorgiou, Fouli T. (1997). Whose Master's Voice?: The Development of Popular Music in Thirteen Cultures. Greenwood Press. p. 117. ISBN 978-0-313-27772-6. 
^ Davis, Barry (5 February 2007). "Israel Philharmonic Orchestra celebrates 70th anniversary". Ministry of Foreign Affairs (from Israel21c). Archived from the original on 6 February 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "History". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "About the Red Sea Jazz Festival". Red Sea Jazz Festival. Archived from the original on 12 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ The Cambridge Dictionary of Judaism and Jewish Culture, (Cambridge University Press 2011), edited by Judith R. Baskin, Judith Reesa Baskin, page 125
^ "Israeli Folk Music". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 3 January 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Brown, Hannah (2 February 2010). "'Ajami' nominated for Oscar". Jerusalem Post. 
^ התיאטרון הלאומי הבימה (in Hebrew). Habima National Theatre. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ Dunham, Jennifer (2016). "Freedom of the Press". Freedom House. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Diab, Khaled (11 February 2013). "Preaching – and Practicing – Media Freedom in the Middle East". Haaretz. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ "Reporting constrained by terror in the Middle East and North Africa". Reporters Without Borders. 2016. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ a b "About the Museum". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Shrine of the Book". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "About Yad Vashem". Yad Vashem. Archived from the original on 14 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Museum Information". Beth Hatefutsoth. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ TravelNet in cooperation with Israel museums. "Mishkan LeOmanut, Ein Harod". Ilmuseums.com. Archived from the original on 27 December 2008. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Ahituv, Netta (29 January 2013). "10 of Israel's best museums". CNN. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Rast, Walter E. (1992). Through the Ages in Palestinian Archaeology: An Introductory Handbook. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 50. ISBN 9781563380556. "Galilee man" (lowercase "m") in this source is a typo – ref. Solo Man, Peking Man and so forth. 
^ "The Israel Museum Permanent Exhibitions: Archaeology Wing – The Dawn of Civilization". New York: The Ridgefield Foundation. 1995. Skull (cast) Zuttiyeh Cave Lower Palaeolithic. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ a b c Yael Raviv, Falafel Nation, University of Nebraska Press, 2015
^ Uzi Rebhun, Lilakh Lev Ari, American Israelis: Migration, Transnationalism, and Diasporic Identity, BRILL, 2010 pp.112–113.
^ Julia Bernstein, Food for Thought: Transnational Contested Identities and Food Practices of Russian-Speaking Jewish Migrants in Israel and Germany, Campus Verlag, 2010 pp.227,233–234.
^ a b Bernstein, pp. 231–233.
^ "Israel's Pork Problem". Slate. New York. 8 August 2012. Retrieved 28 December 2015. 
^ Torstrick 2004, p. 141
^ "Basketball Super League Profile". Winner Basketball Super League. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Barred from Asian Games". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 26 July 1976. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv – Welcome to EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL". Archived from the original on 25 June 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Pawn stars shine in new 'national sport'". Haaretz. Retrieved 21 May 2012. 
^ "Chess in Schools in Israel: Progress report". FIDE. 28 May 2012. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bekerman, Eitan (4 September 2006). "Chess masters set to blitz Rishon Letzion". Haaretz. 
^ "World Team Championship in Beer Sheva, Israel". World Chess Federation. 1 November 2005. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Tzahor, Uri (26 November 2008). "Israel takes silver medal in Chess Olympiad". Ynetnews. 
^ Shvidler, Eli (15 December 2009). "Israeli grand master Boris Gelfand wins Chess World Cup". Haaretz. 
^ "Israel". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Tel Aviv 1968". International Paralympic Committee. Archived from the original on 20 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Shahar PEER". International Tennis Federation. Retrieved 19 February 2017. 
^ Ellis, Judy (4 May 1998). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!". TIME. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 


Bibliography


McNutt, Paula M. (1999). Reconstructing the Society of Ancient Israel. Westminster John Knox. ISBN 978-0664222659. 
Miller, Robert D. (2012) [First published 2005]. Chieftains of the Highland Clans. ISBN 978-1620322086. 
Abadi, Jacob (2004). Israel's Quest for Recognition and Acceptance in Asia: Garrison State Diplomacy. Routledge. ISBN 0-7146-5576-7. 
Barton, John; Bowden, Julie (2004). The Original Story: God, Israel and the World. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8028-2900-7. 
Ben-Sasson, Hayim (1985). A History of the Jewish People. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-39731-6. 
Bregman, Ahron (2002). A History of Israel. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-333-67631-9. 
Broughton, Simon; Ellingham, Mark; Trillo, Richard (1999). World Music: The Rough Guide. Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-635-2. 
Cole, Tim (2003). Holocaust City: The Making of a Jewish Ghetto. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92968-7. 
Fraser, T. G. (2004). The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Palgrave Macmillan Limited. ISBN 9781403913388. Retrieved 12 May 2013. 
Friedland, Roger; Hecht, Richard (2000). To Rule Jerusalem. University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-22092-7. 
Gelvin, James L. (2005). The Israel-Palestine Conflict: One Hundred Years of War. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-85289-7. 
Gilbert, Martin (2005). The Routledge Atlas Of The Arab–Israeli conflict (8th ed.). Routledge. ISBN 0-415-35900-7. 
Goldreich, Yair (2003). The Climate of Israel: Observation, Research and Application. Springer. ISBN 0-306-47445-X. 
Harkavy, Robert E.; Neuman, Stephanie G. (2001). Warfare and the Third World. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-24012-0. 
Henderson, Robert D'A. (2003). Brassey's International Intelligence Yearbook (2003 ed.). Brassey's Inc. ISBN 1-57488-550-2. 
Herzl, Theodor (1946). The Jewish State. American Zionist Emergency Council. ISBN 0-486-25849-1. 
Jacobs, Daniel (1998). Israel and the Palestinian Territories: The Rough Guide (2nd revised ed.). Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-248-9. 
Kellerman, Aharon (1993). Society and Settlement: Jewish Land of Israel in the Twentieth Century. State University of New York Press. ISBN 0-7914-1295-4. 
Kornberg, Jacques (1993). Theodor Herzl: From Assimilation to Zionism. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33203-6. 
Lustick, Ian (1988). For the Land and the Lord: Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. Council on Foreign Relations Press. ISBN 0-87609-036-6. 
Mazie, Steven (2006). Israel's Higher Law: Religion and Liberal Democracy in the Jewish State. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-1485-9. 
Morçöl, Göktuğ (2006). Handbook of Decision Making. CRC Press. ISBN 1-57444-548-0. 
Mowlana, Hamid; Gerbner, George; Schiller, Herbert I. (1992). Triumph of the File: The Media's War in the Persian Gulf — A Global Perspective. Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-1610-3. 
Roberts, Adam (1990). "Prolonged Military Occupation: The Israeli-Occupied Territories Since 1967". The American Journal of International Law. American Society of International Law. 84 (1): 44–103. JSTOR 2203016. doi:10.2307/2203016. 
Romano, Amy (2003). A Historical Atlas of Israel. The Rosen Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8239-3978-2. 
Rosenzweig, Rafael (1997). The Economic Consequences of Zionism. T Brill Academic Publishers. ISBN 90-04-09147-5. 
Rummel, Rudolph J. (1997). Power Kills: Democracy As a Method of Nonviolence. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-7658-0523-5. 
Scharfstein, Sol (1996). Understanding Jewish History. KTAV Publishing House. ISBN 0-88125-545-9. 
Segev, Tom (2007). 1967: Israel, the War, and the Year that Transformed the Middle East. Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 9780805070576. 
Shindler, Colin (2002). The Land Beyond Promise: Israel, Likud and the Zionist Dream. I.B.Tauris Publishers. ISBN 1-86064-774-X. 
Skolnik, Fred (2007). Encyclopedia Judaica. 9 (2nd ed.). Macmillian. ISBN 0-02-865928-7. 
Smith, Derek (2006). Deterring America: Rogue States and the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86465-8. 
Stein, Leslie (2003). The Hope Fulfilled: The Rise of Modern Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-275-97141-4. 
Stendel, Ori (1997). The Arabs in Israel. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 1-898723-23-0. 
Stone, Russell A.; Zenner, Walter P. (1994). Critical Essays on Israeli Social Issues and Scholarship. SUNY Press. ISBN 0-7914-1959-2. 
Torstrick, Rebecca L. (2004). Culture and Customs of Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-32091-8. 


External links

Find more aboutIsraelat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Government


Government services and information website
About Israel at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Official website of the Israel Prime Minister's Office
Official website of the Israel Ministry of Tourism
Official website of the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics


General information


"Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Israel at the Jewish Virtual Library
Israel at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Key Development Forecasts for Israel from International Futures
Israel at DMOZ


Maps


 Wikimedia Atlas of Israel
 Geographic data related to Israel at OpenStreetMap

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›

 Israel (including the  State of Palestine)






 Cyprus
 Lebanon
 Syria



Levantine Sea
(part of the Mediterranean Sea)

 Jordan








   Israel  











 Egypt
Gulf of Eilat
 Saudi Arabia








v
t
e


Israel articles



History



Antiquity
Second Temple period
Old Yishuv
Zionism

Yishuv
Independence


Arab–Israeli conflict

Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Peace process


Timeline

by year







Geography







Borders
Cities
Districts
Lakes

Dead Sea
Sea of Galilee


Land of Israel
National parks and nature reserves
Rivers

Jordan River


Wildlife








Politics







Cabinet

Prime Minister


Elections
Foreign relations
Knesset (parliament)

Parties


Law

Basic Laws
Judiciary


President
System of government








Security



Censorship
Civil defense
Intelligence Community

Aman
Mossad
Shin Bet


Israel Defense Forces

Conscription
Structure


Police
Wars
West Bank barrier





Economy







Agriculture
Banking
Companies
Diamond industry
Energy
Science and technology
Taxation
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tourism
Transport
Water supply and sanitation








Society







Aliyah
Crime
Demographics

People


Education
Healthcare
Human rights
Kibbutz
Languages

Hebrew
Arabic


Religion
Standard of living
Women





Culture



Archaeology
Architecture
Cinema
Cuisine
Literature
Media
Museums
Music
National symbols
Public holidays
Sport
Visual arts
World Heritage Sites












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Middle East






Bahrain
Cyprus
Egypt
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Northern Cyprus
Oman
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen











Conflicts
Cuisine
Etiquette
History

timeline


Music












v
t
e


Countries and territories of the Mediterranean Sea



Sovereign states



Albania
Algeria
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Cyprus
Egypt
France
Greece
Israel
Italy
Lebanon
Libya
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Slovenia
Spain
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey





States with limited recognition



Northern Cyprus
Palestine





Dependencies and other territories



Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK)
Gibraltar (UK)












v
t
e


OECD members



Member states



 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 Chile
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Greece
 Hungary
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Poland
 Portugal
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sweden
  Switzerland
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


States with limited recognition




Details concerning international recognition and foreign relations provided by the articles linked in parenthesis



UN member states




Partially unrecognised



Armenia

relations


China

relations


Cyprus

relations


Israel

recognition
relations


North Korea

relations


South Korea

relations











Non-UN member
states






Recognised by at least
one UN member




Abkhazia

recognition
relations


Kosovo

recognition
relations


Northern Cyprus

relations


Palestine

recognition
relations


Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

recognition
relations


South Ossetia

recognition
relations


Taiwan

relations








Recognised only by
non-UN members




Nagorno-Karabakh

recognition
relations


Transnistria

recognition
relations







Unrecognised



Somaliland

relations

















v
t
e


Zionism and the Land of Israel







Historic region of Israel
Independent Israel
Modern Israel










History


Prehistory / History of the Levant
History of ancient Israel and Judah
Laws and customs of the Land of Israel in Judaism


The Jewish people


Timeline of Jewish history
History of the Jews and Judaism in the Land of Israel (leaders)
Modern Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel



History of Israel
Israeli Jews
Culture of Israel
Law of Return








History to 1948



Zionism (history · timeline)
Aliyah
Theodor Herzl
Balfour Declaration












History



UN Partition Plan
Declaration of Independence



Politics

Arab–Israeli conflict · Israeli–Palestinian conflict (Peace process · Disengagement from Gaza
Society and economy

Kibbutzim and Moshavim · Exodus from Arab countries · Development towns · Austerity · Agriculture technology











Green Line


Israeli settlements
Timeline
International law




West Bank
Judea and Samaria Area




Gaza Strip
Geography
Hof Aza Regional Council




East Jerusalem
Positions on Jerusalem

















Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 146498911
LCCN: n79003285
ISNI: 0000 0004 0372 0767
GND: 4027808-6
SELIBR: 149293
SUDOC: 02638955X
BNF: cb118646298 (data)
NLA: 35237752
NDL: 00564274
NKC: ge129403
BNE: XX451232










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Israel&oldid=792082222"					
Categories: Israel1948 establishments in Asia1948 establishments in IsraelArabic-speaking countries and territoriesCountries in AsiaEastern MediterraneanHebrew words and phrasesLiberal democraciesMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsMiddle Eastern countriesNear Eastern countriesPalestine (region)RepublicsStates and territories established in 1948Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsCS1 maint: Extra textArticles needing more detailed referencesPages with broken reference namesCS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listArticles incorporating a citation from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia with Wikisource referenceCS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionCoordinates on WikidataUse dmy dates from September 2015Articles containing Hebrew-language textArticles containing Arabic-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with hAudio microformatsArticles containing Greek-language textArticles with minor POV problems from May 2015All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles needing style editingWikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2016Articles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersArticles containing video clipsPages with graphs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanঅসমীয়াAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNa Vosa VakavitiNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaRipoarischRomânăRomaniRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskSesotho sa LeboaShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 10:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Israel - Wikipedia




















 







Israel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Isreal)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the modern country. For other uses, see Israel (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 31°N 35°E﻿ / ﻿31°N 35°E﻿ / 31; 35


State of Israel



מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל (Hebrew)
دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل (Arabic)










Flag



Emblem






Anthem: "Hatikvah" (Hebrew for "The Hope")




















Capital
and largest city
Jerusalem (internationally unrecognized)
31°47′N 35°13′E﻿ / ﻿31.783°N 35.217°E﻿ / 31.783; 35.217


Official languages



Hebrew
Arabic





Ethnic groups (2016)



74.8% Jewish
20.8% Arab
4.4% other[1]





Religion



74.8% Jewish
17.6% Muslim
2% Christian
1.6% Druze
4% other[2]





Demonym
Israeli


Government
Unitary parliamentary constitutional republic



• President

Reuven Rivlin



• Prime Minister

Benjamin Netanyahu


Legislature
Knesset


Independence



• Declared

14 May 1948



• Admission to UNO

11 May 1949


Area



• Total

20,770–22,072 km2 (8,019–8,522 sq mi)[a] (149th)



• Water

440 km2 (170 sq mi)



• Water (%)

2.1


Population



• 2017 estimate

8,721,580[3] (98th)



• 2008 census

7,412,200[4]



• Density

392/km2 (1,015.3/sq mi) (34th)


GDP (PPP)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$316.120 billion (54th)



• Per capita

$36,379 (34th)


GDP (nominal)
2017[5] estimate



• Total

$339.990 billion (34th)



• Per capita

$39,126 (24th)


Gini (2013)
42.8[6]
medium


HDI (2015)
 0.899[7]
very high · 19th


Currency
New shekel (₪‎) (ILS)


Time zone
IST (UTC+2)



• Summer (DST)

IDT (UTC+3)


Date format



אא-בב-גגגג (AM)‎
dd-mm-yyyy (CE)





Drives on the
right


Calling code
+972


ISO 3166 code
IL


Internet TLD
.il
.ישראל‎



Website
www.israel.org






^ 20,770 is Israel within the Green Line. 22,072 includes the annexed Golan Heights and East Jerusalem.








This article contains Hebrew and Arabic text. Without proper rendering support, you may see question marks, boxes, or other symbols.


Israel (/ˈɪzreɪəl/; Hebrew: יִשְׂרָאֵל‎, Arabic: إِسْرَائِيل‎‎), officially the State of Israel, is a country in the Middle East, on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan on the east, the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[8] to the east and west, respectively, and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[2][9] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv,[10] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem, although the state's sovereignty over East Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[note 1][11][12]
In 1947, the United Nations adopted a Partition Plan for Mandatory Palestine recommending the creation of independent Arab and Jewish states and an internationalized Jerusalem.[13] The plan was accepted by the Jewish Agency for Palestine, and rejected by Arab leaders.[14][15] Next year, the Jewish Agency declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16] Israel has since fought several wars with neighboring Arab states,[17] in the course of which it has occupied territories including the West Bank, Golan Heights and the Gaza Strip (still considered occupied after 2005 disengagement).[note 2] It extended its laws to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem, but not the West Bank.[18][19][20][21] Israel's occupation of the Palestinian territories is the world's longest military occupation in modern times.[note 2][23] Efforts to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict have not resulted in peace. However, peace treaties between Israel and both Egypt and Jordan have successfully been implemented.
The population of Israel, as defined by the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics, was estimated in 2017 to be 8,721,580 people.[3] It is the world's only Jewish-majority state, with 74.8% being designated as Jewish. The country's second largest group of citizens are Arabs, at 20.8% (including the Druze and most East Jerusalem Arabs).[1] The great majority of Israeli Arabs are Sunni Muslims, including significant numbers of semi-settled Negev Bedouins; the rest are Christians and Druze. Other minorities include Arameans, Armenians, Assyrians, Black Hebrew Israelites, Circassians, Maronites and Samaritans. Israel also hosts a significant population of non-citizen foreign workers and asylum seekers from Africa and Asia,[24] including illegal migrants from Sudan, Eritrea and other Sub-Saharan Africans.
In its Basic Laws, Israel defines itself as a Jewish and democratic state.[25] Israel is a representative democracy[26] with a parliamentary system, proportional representation and universal suffrage.[27][28] The prime minister is head of government and the Knesset is the legislature. Israel is a developed country and an OECD member,[29] with the 34th-largest economy in the world by nominal gross domestic product as of 2016[update]. The country benefits from a highly skilled workforce and is among the most educated countries in the world with one of the highest percentages of its citizens holding a tertiary education degree.[30] The country has the highest standard of living in the Middle East,[7] and has one of the highest life expectancies in the world.[31]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 Antiquity
2.3 Classical period
2.4 Middle Ages and modern history
2.5 Zionism and British mandate
2.6 After World War II
2.7 Early years of the State of Israel
2.8 Further conflict and peace process


3 Geography and environment

3.1 Tectonics and seismicity
3.2 Climate


4 Demographics

4.1 Major urban areas
4.2 Language
4.3 Religion
4.4 Education


5 Politics

5.1 Legal system
5.2 Administrative divisions
5.3 Israeli-occupied territories
5.4 Foreign relations
5.5 International humanitarian efforts
5.6 Military


6 Economy

6.1 Science and technology
6.2 Transportation
6.3 Tourism
6.4 Energy


7 Culture

7.1 Literature
7.2 Music and dance
7.3 Cinema and theatre
7.4 Media
7.5 Museums
7.6 Cuisine
7.7 Sports


8 See also
9 Notes
10 References
11 Bibliography
12 External links



 Etymology




The Merneptah Stele (13th century BCE). The majority of biblical archeologists translate a set of hieroglyphs as "Israel," the first instance of the name in the record.


Upon independence in 1948, the country formally adopted the name "State of Israel" (Hebrew: מְדִינַת יִשְׂרָאֵל‎  Medīnat Yisrā'el [mediˈnat jisʁaˈʔel]; Arabic: دَوْلَة إِسْرَائِيل‎‎ Dawlat Isrāʼīl [dawlat ʔisraːˈʔiːl]) after other proposed historical and religious names including Eretz Israel ("the Land of Israel"), Zion, and Judea, were considered and rejected.[32] In the early weeks of independence, the government chose the term "Israeli" to denote a citizen of Israel, with the formal announcement made by Minister of Foreign Affairs Moshe Sharett.[33]
The names Land of Israel and Children of Israel have historically been used to refer to the biblical Kingdom of Israel and the entire Jewish people respectively.[34] The name "Israel" (Standard Yisraʾel, Isrāʾīl; Septuagint Greek: Ἰσραήλ Israēl; 'El(God) persists/rules', though after Hosea 12:4 often interpreted as "struggle with God")[35][36][37][38] in these phrases refers to the patriarch Jacob who, according to the Hebrew Bible, was given the name after he successfully wrestled with the angel of the Lord.[39] Jacob's twelve sons became the ancestors of the Israelites, also known as the Twelve Tribes of Israel or Children of Israel. Jacob and his sons had lived in Canaan but were forced by famine to go into Egypt for four generations, lasting 430 years,[40] until Moses, a great-great grandson of Jacob,[41] led the Israelites back into Canaan during the "Exodus". The earliest known archaeological artifact to mention the word "Israel" as a collective is the Merneptah Stele of ancient Egypt (dated to the late 13th century BCE).[42]
The area is also known as the Holy Land, being holy for all Abrahamic religions including Judaism, Christianity, Islam and the Bahá'í Faith. From 1920, the whole region was known as Palestine (under British Mandate)[note 3] until the Israeli Declaration of Independence of 1948.[43] Through the centuries, the territory was known by a variety of other names, including Canaan, Djahy, Samaria, Judea, Yehud, Iudaea, Coele-Syria, Syria Palaestina and Southern Syria.
History
Main article: History of Israel
Prehistory
Further information: Prehistory of the Levant
The oldest evidence of early humans in the territory of modern Israel, dating to 1.5 million years ago, was found in Ubeidiya near the Sea of Galilee.[44] Other notable Paleolithic sites include caves Tabun, Qesem and Manot. The oldest fossils of anatomically modern humans found outside Africa are the Skhul and Qafzeh hominins, who lived in the area that is now northern Israel 120,000 years ago.[45] Around 10th millennium BCE, the Natufian culture existed in the area.[46]
Antiquity
Main article: History of ancient Israel and Judah
Further information: Israelites, Kingdom of Israel (Samaria), and Kingdom of Judah




The Large Stone Structure, archaeological site of ancient Jerusalem


The early history of the territory is unclear.[47]:104 Modern archaeology has largely discarded the historicity of the narrative in the Torah concerning the patriarchs, The Exodus, and the conquest described in the Book of Joshua, and instead views the narrative as constituting the Israelites' inspiring national myth.[48] Ancestors of the Israelites may have included ancient Semitic-speaking peoples native to Canaan.[49]:78–9 The archaeological evidence indicates a society of village-like centres, but with more limited resources and a small population.[50] Villages had populations of up to 300 or 400,[51][52] which lived by farming and herding, and were largely self-sufficient;[53] economic interchange was prevalent.[54] Writing was known and available for recording, even in small sites.[55] The Israelites and their culture, according to the modern archaeological account, did not overtake the region by force, but instead branched out of the Canaanite peoples and culture through the development of a distinct monolatristic—and later monotheistic—religion centered on Yahweh. The growth of Yahweh-centric belief, along with a number of cultic practices, gradually gave rise to a distinct Israelite ethnic group, setting them apart from other Canaanites.[56][57][58][59][60][61]




Map of Israel and Judah in the 9th century BCE


While it is unclear if there was ever a United Monarchy,[62][47][63][64] there is well accepted archeological evidence referring to "Israel" in the Merneptah Stele which dates to about 1200 BCE;[65][66][67] and the Canaanites are archeologically attested in the Middle Bronze Age.[68][69] There is debate about the earliest existence of the Kingdoms of Israel and Judah and their extent and power, but historians agree that a Kingdom of Israel existed by ca. 900 BCE[47]:169–195[63][64] and that a Kingdom of Judah existed by ca. 700 BCE.[70] The Kingdom of Israel was destroyed around 720 BCE, when it was conquered by the Neo-Assyrian Empire.[71]
In 586 BCE, King Nebuchadnezzar II of Babylon conquered Judah. According to the Hebrew Bible, he destroyed Solomon's Temple and exiled the Jews to Babylon. The defeat was also recorded in the Babylonian Chronicles.[72][73] The Babylonian exile ended around 538 BCE under the rule of the Persian Cyrus the Great after he captured Babylon.[74][75] The Second Temple was constructed around 520 BCE.[74] As part of the Persian Empire, the former Kingdom of Judah became the province of Judah (Yehud Medinata) with different borders, covering a smaller territory.[76] The population of the province was greatly reduced from that of the kingdom, archaeological surveys showing a population of around 30,000 people in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE.[47]:308
Classical period
Main article: Second Temple period
Further information: Hasmonean dynasty, Herodian dynasty, and Jewish–Roman wars




Portion of the Temple Scroll, one of the Dead Sea Scrolls written during the Second Temple period


With successive Persian rule, the autonomous province Yehud Medinata was gradually developing back into urban society, largely dominated by Judeans. The Greek conquests largely skipped the region without any resistance or interest. Incorporated into Ptolemaic and finally Seleucid empires, the southern Levant was heavily hellenized, building the tensions between Judeans and Greeks. The conflict erupted in 167 BCE with the Maccabean Revolt, which succeeded in establishing an independent Hasmonean Kingdom in Judah, which later expanded over much of modern Israel, as the Seleucids gradually lost control in the region.




Masada fortress, location of the final battle in the First Jewish–Roman War


The Roman Empire invaded the region in 63 BCE, first taking control of Syria, and then intervening in the Hasmonean Civil War. The struggle between pro-Roman and pro-Parthian factions in Judea eventually led to the installation of Herod the Great and consolidation of the Herodian kingdom as a vassal Judean state of Rome. With the decline of the Herodian dynasty, Judea, transformed into a Roman province, became the site of a violent struggle of Jews against Greco-Romans, culminating in the Jewish–Roman wars, ending in wide-scale destruction, expulsions, and genocide. Jewish presence in the region significantly dwindled after the failure of the Bar Kokhba revolt against the Roman Empire in 132 CE.[77]
Nevertheless, there was a continuous small Jewish presence and Galilee became its religious center.[78][79] The Mishnah and part of the Talmud, central Jewish texts, were composed during the 2nd to 4th centuries CE in Tiberias and Jerusalem.[80] The region came to be populated predominantly by Greco-Romans on the coast and Samaritans in the hill-country. Christianity was gradually evolving over Roman paganism, when the area stood under Byzantine rule. Through the 5th and 6th centuries, the dramatic events of the repeated Samaritan revolts reshaped the land, with massive destruction to Byzantine Christian and Samaritan societies and a resulting decrease of the population. After the Persian conquest and the installation of a short-lived Jewish Commonwealth in 614 CE, the Byzantine Empire reconquered the country in 628.
Middle Ages and modern history
Further information: History of Jerusalem during the Middle Ages, Muslim history in Palestine, and Old Yishuv




Kfar Bar'am, an ancient Jewish village, abandoned some time between the 7th–13th centuries AD.[81]


In 634–641 CE, the region, including Jerusalem, was conquered by the Arabs who had just recently adopted Islam. Control of the region transferred between the Rashidun Caliphs, Umayyads, Abbasids, Fatimids, Seljuks, Crusaders, and Ayyubids throughout the next three centuries.[82]
During the siege of Jerusalem by the First Crusade in 1099, the Jewish inhabitants of the city fought side by side with the Fatimid garrison and the Muslim population who tried in vain to defend the city against the Crusaders. When the city fell, about 60,000 people were massacred, including 6,000 Jews seeking refuge in a synagogue.[83] At this time, a full thousand years after the fall of the Jewish state, there were Jewish communities all over the country. Fifty of them are known and include Jerusalem, Tiberias, Ramleh, Ashkelon, Caesarea, and Gaza.[84] According to Albert of Aachen, the Jewish residents of Haifa were the main fighting force of the city, and "mixed with Saracen [Fatimid] troops", they fought bravely for close to a month until forced into retreat by the Crusader fleet and land army.[85][86] However, Joshua Prawer expressed doubt over the story, noting that Albert did not attend the Crusades and that such a prominent role for the Jews is not mentioned by any other source.[87][undue weight? – discuss]




The 15th-century Abuhav synagogue, established by Sephardic Jews in Safed, Northern Israel.[88]


In 1165, Maimonides visited Jerusalem and prayed on the Temple Mount, in the "great, holy house."[89] In 1141 the Spanish-Jewish poet Yehuda Halevi issued a call for Jews to migrate to the Land of Israel, a journey he undertook himself. In 1187 Sultan Saladin, founder of the Ayyubid dynasty, defeated the Crusaders in the Battle of Hattin and subsequently captured Jerusalem and almost all of Palestine. In time, Saladin issued a proclamation inviting Jews to return and settle in Jerusalem,[90] and according to Judah al-Harizi, they did: "From the day the Arabs took Jerusalem, the Israelites inhabited it."[91] Al-Harizi compared Saladin's decree allowing Jews to re-establish themselves in Jerusalem to the one issued by the Persian king Cyrus the Great over 1,600 years earlier.[92]
In 1211, the Jewish community in the country was strengthened by the arrival of a group headed by over 300 rabbis from France and England,[93] among them Rabbi Samson ben Abraham of Sens.[94] Nachmanides, the 13th-century Spanish rabbi and recognised leader of Jewry greatly praised the land of Israel and viewed its settlement as a positive commandment incumbent on all Jews. He wrote "If the gentiles wish to make peace, we shall make peace and leave them on clear terms; but as for the land, we shall not leave it in their hands, nor in the hands of any nation, not in any generation."[95]
In 1260, control passed to the Mamluk sultans of Egypt.[96] The country was located between the two centres of Mamluk power, Cairo and Damascus, and only saw some development along the postal road connecting the two cities. Jerusalem, although left without the protection of any city walls since 1219, also saw a flurry of new construction projects centred around the Al-Aqsa Mosque compound on the Temple Mount. In 1266 the Mamluk Sultan Baybars converted the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron into an exclusive Islamic sanctuary and banned Christians and Jews from entering, which previously would be able to enter it for a fee. The ban remained in place until Israel took control of the building in 1967.[97][98]




Jews at the Western Wall, 1870s


In 1470, Isaac b. Meir Latif arrived from Italy and counted 150 Jewish families in Jerusalem.[99] Thanks to Joseph Saragossi who had arrived in the closing years of the 15th century, Safed and its environs had developed into the largest concentration of Jews in Palestine. With the help of the Sephardic immigration from Spain, the Jewish population had increased to 10,000 by the early 16th century.[100]
In 1516, the region was conquered by the Ottoman Empire; it remained under Turkish rule until the end of the First World War, when Britain defeated the Ottoman forces and set up a military administration across the former Ottoman Syria. In 1920 the territory was divided between Britain and France under the mandate system, and the British-administered area which included modern day Israel was named Mandatory Palestine.[96][101][102]
Zionism and British mandate
Further information: Zionism, Yishuv, Mandatory Palestine, and Balfour Declaration




Theodor Herzl, visionary of the Jewish state


Since the existence of the earliest Jewish diaspora, many Jews have aspired to return to "Zion" and the "Land of Israel",[103] though the amount of effort that should be spent towards such an aim was a matter of dispute.[104][105] The hopes and yearnings of Jews living in exile are an important theme of the Jewish belief system.[104] After the Jews were expelled from Spain in 1492, some communities settled in Palestine.[106] During the 16th century, Jewish communities struck roots in the Four Holy Cities—Jerusalem, Tiberias, Hebron, and Safed—and in 1697, Rabbi Yehuda Hachasid led a group of 1,500 Jews to Jerusalem.[107] In the second half of the 18th century, Eastern European opponents of Hasidism, known as the Perushim, settled in Palestine.[108][109][110]


"Therefore I believe that a wonderous generation of Jews will spring into existence. The Maccabaeans will rise again. Let me repeat once more my opening words: The Jews wish to have a State, and they shall have one. We shall live at last as free men on our own soil, and die peacefully in our own home. The world will be freed by our liberty, enriched by our wealth, magnified by our greatness. And whatever we attempt there to accomplish for our own welfare will react with beneficent force for the good of humanity."

Theodor Herzl (1896).  A Jewish State. Wikisource.   [scan]
The first wave of modern Jewish migration to Ottoman-ruled Palestine, known as the First Aliyah, began in 1881, as Jews fled pogroms in Eastern Europe.[111] Although the Zionist movement already existed in practice, Austro-Hungarian journalist Theodor Herzl is credited with founding political Zionism,[112] a movement which sought to establish a Jewish state in the Land of Israel, thus offering a solution to the so-called Jewish question of the European states, in conformity with the goals and achievements of other national projects of the time.[113] In 1896, Herzl published Der Judenstaat (The Jewish State), offering his vision of a future Jewish state; the following year he presided over the First Zionist Congress.[114]
The Second Aliyah (1904–14), began after the Kishinev pogrom; some 40,000 Jews settled in Palestine, although nearly half of them left eventually.[111] Both the first and second waves of migrants were mainly Orthodox Jews,[115] although the Second Aliyah included socialist groups who established the kibbutz movement.[116] During World War I, British Foreign Secretary Arthur Balfour sent the Balfour Declaration of 1917 to Baron Rothschild (Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild), a leader of the British Jewish community, that stated that Britain intended for the creation of a Jewish "national home" within the Palestinian Mandate.[117][118]
In 1918, the Jewish Legion, a group primarily of Zionist volunteers, assisted in the British conquest of Palestine.[119] Arab opposition to British rule and Jewish immigration led to the 1920 Palestine riots and the formation of a Jewish militia known as the Haganah (meaning "The Defense" in Hebrew), from which the Irgun and Lehi, or the Stern Gang, paramilitary groups later split off.[120] In 1922, the League of Nations granted Britain a mandate over Palestine under terms which included the Balfour Declaration with its promise to the Jews, and with similar provisions regarding the Arab Palestinians.[121] The population of the area at this time was predominantly Arab and Muslim, with Jews accounting for about 11%,[122] and Arab Christians at about 9.5% of the population.[123]
The Third (1919–23) and Fourth Aliyahs (1924–29) brought an additional 100,000 Jews to Palestine.[111] The rise of Nazism and the increasing persecution of Jews in 1930s Europe led to the Fifth Aliyah, with an influx of a quarter of a million Jews. This was a major cause of the Arab revolt of 1936–39 during which the British Mandate authorities alongside the Zionist militias of Haganah and Irgun killed 5,032 Arabs and wounded 14,760,[124][125] resulting in over ten percent of the adult male Palestinian Arab population killed, wounded, imprisoned or exiled.[126] The British introduced restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine with the White Paper of 1939. With countries around the world turning away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust, a clandestine movement known as Aliyah Bet was organized to bring Jews to Palestine.[111] By the end of World War II, the Jewish population of Palestine had increased to 33% of the total population.[127]
After World War II
Further information: Intercommunal conflict in Mandatory Palestine, United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, and Israeli Declaration of Independence
After World War II, Britain found itself in intense conflict with the Jewish community over Jewish immigration limits, as well as continued conflict with the Arab community over limit levels. The Haganah joined Irgun and Lehi in an armed struggle against British rule.[128] At the same time, hundreds of thousands of Jewish Holocaust survivors and refugees sought a new life far from their destroyed communities in Europe. The Yishuv attempted to bring these refugees to Palestine but many were turned away or rounded up and placed in detention camps in Atlit and Cyprus by the British.




UN Map, "Palestine plan of partition with economic union"


On 22 July 1946, Irgun attacked the British administrative headquarters for Palestine, which was housed in the southern wing[129] of the King David Hotel in Jerusalem.[130][131][132] A total of 91 people of various nationalities were killed and 46 were injured.[133] The hotel was the site of the Secretariat of the Government of Palestine and the Headquarters of the British Armed Forces in Palestine and Transjordan.[133][134] The attack initially had the approval of the Haganah. It was conceived as a response to Operation Agatha (a series of widespread raids, including one on the Jewish Agency, conducted by the British authorities) and was the deadliest directed at the British during the Mandate era.[133][134] It was characterized as one of the "most lethal terrorist incidents of the twentieth century."[135] In 1947, the British government announced it would withdraw from Palestine, stating it was unable to arrive at a solution acceptable to both Arabs and Jews.
On 15 May 1947, the General Assembly of the newly formed United Nations resolved that the United Nations Special Committee on Palestine be created "to prepare for consideration at the next regular session of the Assembly a report on the question of Palestine."[136] In the Report of the Committee dated 3 September 1947 to the General Assembly,[137] the majority of the Committee in Chapter VI proposed a plan to replace the British Mandate with "an independent Arab State, an independent Jewish State, and the City of Jerusalem ... the last to be under an International Trusteeship System."[138] On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly adopted Resolution 181 (II) recommending the adoption and implementation of the Plan of Partition with Economic Union.[13] The plan attached to the resolution was essentially that proposed by the majority of the Committee in the report of 3 September. The Jewish Agency, which was the recognized representative of the Jewish community, accepted the plan.[14] The Arab League and Arab Higher Committee of Palestine rejected it, and indicated that they would reject any other plan of partition.[15][139] On the following day, 1 December 1947, the Arab Higher Committee proclaimed a three-day strike, and Arab gangs began attacking Jewish targets.[140] The Jews were initially on the defensive as civil war broke out, but in early April 1948 moved onto the offensive.[141][142] The Arab Palestinian economy collapsed and 250,000 Palestinian Arabs fled or were expelled.[143]




David Ben-Gurion proclaiming the Israeli Declaration of Independence on 14 May 1948


On 14 May 1948, the day before the expiration of the British Mandate, David Ben-Gurion, the head of the Jewish Agency, declared "the establishment of a Jewish state in Eretz-Israel, to be known as the State of Israel."[16][144] The only reference in the text of the Declaration to the borders of the new state is the use of the term Eretz-Israel ("Land of Israel").[145] The following day, the armies of four Arab countries—Egypt, Syria, Transjordan and Iraq—entered what had been British Mandatory Palestine, launching the 1948 Arab–Israeli War;[146][147] contingents from Yemen, Morocco, Saudi Arabia and Sudan joined the war.[148][149] The apparent purpose of the invasion was to prevent the establishment of the Jewish state at inception, and some Arab leaders talked about driving the Jews into the sea.[150][151][152] According to Benny Morris, Jews felt that the invading Arab armies aimed to slaughter the Jews.[153] The Arab league stated that the invasion was to restore law and order and to prevent further bloodshed.[154]




Raising of the Ink Flag, marking the end of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War


After a year of fighting, a ceasefire was declared and temporary borders, known as the Green Line, were established.[155] Jordan annexed what became known as the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and Egypt took control of the Gaza Strip. The United Nations estimated that more than 700,000 Palestinians were expelled by or fled from advancing Israeli forces during the conflict—what would become known in Arabic as the Nakba ("catastrophe").[156]
Early years of the State of Israel
Further information: Arab–Israeli conflict
Israel was admitted as a member of the United Nations by majority vote on 11 May 1949.[157] Both Israel and Jordan were genuinely interested in a peace agreement but the British acted as a brake on the Jordanian effort in order to avoid damaging British interests in Egypt.[158] In the early years of the state, the Labor Zionist movement led by Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion dominated Israeli politics.[159][160] The Kibbutzim, or collective farming communities, played a pivotal role in establishing the new state.[161]
Immigration to Israel during the late 1940s and early 1950s was aided by the Israeli Immigration Department and the non-government sponsored Mossad LeAliyah Bet ("Institution for Illegal Immigration"[162]). Both groups facilitated regular immigration logistics like arranging transportation, but the latter also engaged in clandestine operations in countries, particularly in the Middle East and Eastern Europe, where the lives of Jews were believed to be in danger and exit from those places was difficult. Mossad LeAliyah Bet was disbanded in 1953.[163] The immigration was in accordance with the One Million Plan. The immigrants came for differing reasons. Some believed in a Zionist ideology or did it for the promise of a better life in Israel, while others moved to escape persecution or were expelled.[164][165]
An influx of Holocaust survivors and Jews from Arab and Muslim countries to Israel during the first three years increased the number of Jews from 700,000 to 1,400,000.[166] By 1958, the population of Israel rose to two million.[166] Between 1948 and 1970, approximately 1,150,000 Jewish refugees relocated to Israel.[167] Some new immigrants arrived as refugees with no possessions and were housed in temporary camps known as ma'abarot; by 1952, over 200,000 people were living in these tent cities.[168] Jews of European background were often treated more favorably than Jews from Middle Eastern and North African countries—housing units reserved for the latter were often re-designated for the former, with the result that Jews newly arrived from Arab lands generally ended up staying in transit camps for longer.[169] Tensions that developed between the two groups over such discrimination persist to the present day.[170] During this period, food, clothes and furniture had to be rationed in what became known as the austerity period. The need to solve the crisis led Ben-Gurion to sign a reparations agreement with West Germany that triggered mass protests by Jews angered at the idea that Israel could accept monetary compensation for the Holocaust.[171]


Play media


U.S. newsreel on the trial of Adolf Eichmann


During the 1950s, Israel was frequently attacked by Palestinian fedayeen, nearly always against civilians,[172] mainly from the Egyptian-occupied Gaza Strip,[173] leading to several Israeli counter-raids. In 1956, Great Britain and France aimed at regaining control of the Suez Canal, which the Egyptians had nationalized. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Straits of Tiran to Israeli shipping, together with the growing amount of Fedayeen attacks against Israel's southern population, and recent Arab grave and threatening statements, prompted Israel to attack Egypt.[174][175][176][177] Israel joined a secret alliance with Great Britain and France and overran the Sinai Peninsula but was pressured to withdraw by the United Nations in return for guarantees of Israeli shipping rights in the Red Sea via the Straits of Tiran and the Canal[citation needed].[178][179] The war, known as the Suez Crisis, resulted in significant reduction of Israeli border infiltration.[180][181][182][183] In the early 1960s, Israel captured Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann in Argentina and brought him to Israel for trial.[184] The trial had a major impact on public awareness of the Holocaust.[185] Eichmann remains the only person executed in Israel by conviction in an Israeli civilian court.[186]




Territory held by Israel:
  before the Six-Day War
  after the war
The Sinai Peninsula was returned to Egypt in 1982.


Since 1964, Arab countries, concerned over Israeli plans to divert waters of the Jordan River into the coastal plain,[187] had been trying to divert the headwaters to deprive Israel of water resources, provoking tensions between Israel on the one hand, and Syria and Lebanon on the other. Arab nationalists led by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser refused to recognize Israel, and called for its destruction.[17][188][189] By 1966, Israeli-Arab relations had deteriorated to the point of actual battles taking place between Israeli and Arab forces.[190] In May 1967, Egypt massed its army near the border with Israel, expelled UN peacekeepers, stationed in the Sinai Peninsula since 1957, and blocked Israel's access to the Red Sea.[191][192][193] Other Arab states mobilized their forces.[194] Israel reiterated that these actions were a casus belli and, on 5 June, launched a pre-emptive strike against Egypt. Jordan, Syria and Iraq responded and attacked Israel. In a Six-Day War, Israel defeated Jordan and captured the West Bank, defeated Egypt and captured the Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula, and defeated Syria and captured the Golan Heights.[195] Jerusalem's boundaries were enlarged, incorporating East Jerusalem, and the 1949 Green Line became the administrative boundary between Israel and the occupied territories.
Following the 1967 war and the "three nos" resolution of the Arab League, during the 1967–1970 War of Attrition Israel faced attacks from the Egyptians in the Sinai, and from Palestinian groups targeting Israelis in the occupied territories, in Israel proper, and around the world. Most important among the various Palestinian and Arab groups was the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to "armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland".[196][197] In the late 1960s and early 1970s, Palestinian groups launched a wave of attacks[198][199] against Israeli and Jewish targets around the world,[200] including a massacre of Israeli athletes at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. The Israeli government responded with an assassination campaign against the organizers of the massacre, a bombing and a raid on the PLO headquarters in Lebanon.
On 6 October 1973, as Jews were observing Yom Kippur, the Egyptian and Syrian armies launched a surprise attack against Israeli forces in the Sinai Peninsula and Golan Heights, that opened the Yom Kippur War. The war ended on 25 October with Israel successfully repelling Egyptian and Syrian forces but having suffered over 2,500 soldiers killed in a war which collectively took 10–35,000 lives in about 20 days.[201] An internal inquiry exonerated the government of responsibility for failures before and during the war, but public anger forced Prime Minister Golda Meir to resign.[202] In July 1976 an airliner was hijacked during its flight from Israel to France by Palestinian guerrillas and landed at Entebbe, Uganda. Israeli commandos carried out an operation in which 102 out of 106 Israeli hostages were successfully rescued.
Further conflict and peace process
Further information: Israeli–Palestinian peace process
See also: One-state solution, Two-state solution, Three-state solution, and Lieberman Plan
The 1977 Knesset elections marked a major turning point in Israeli political history as Menachem Begin's Likud party took control from the Labor Party.[203] Later that year, Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat made a trip to Israel and spoke before the Knesset in what was the first recognition of Israel by an Arab head of state.[204] In the two years that followed, Sadat and Begin signed the Camp David Accords (1978) and the Israel–Egypt Peace Treaty (1979).[205] In return, Israel withdrew from the Sinai Peninsula and agreed to enter negotiations over an autonomy for Palestinians in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[206]
On 11 March 1978, a PLO guerilla raid from Lebanon led to the Coastal Road massacre. Israel responded by launching an invasion of southern Lebanon to destroy the PLO bases south of the Litani River. Most PLO fighters withdrew, but Israel was able to secure southern Lebanon until a UN force and the Lebanese army could take over. The PLO soon resumed its policy of attacks against Israel. In the next few years, the PLO infiltrated the south and kept up a sporadic shelling across the border. Israel carried out numerous retaliatory attacks by air and on the ground.




Israel's 1980 law declared that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel."[12]


Meanwhile, Begin's government provided incentives for Israelis to settle in the occupied West Bank, increasing friction with the Palestinians in that area.[207] The Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel, passed in 1980, was believed by some to reaffirm Israel's 1967 annexation of Jerusalem by government decree, and reignited international controversy over the status of the city. No Israeli legislation has defined the territory of Israel and no act specifically included East Jerusalem therein.[208] The position of the majority of UN member states is reflected in numerous resolutions declaring that actions taken by Israel to settle its citizens in the West Bank, and impose its laws and administration on East Jerusalem, are illegal and have no validity.[209] In 1981 Israel annexed the Golan Heights, although annexation was not recognized internationally.[210] Israel's population diversity expanded in the 1980s and 1990s. Several waves of Ethiopian Jews immigrated to Israel since the 1980s, while between 1990 and 1994, immigration from the post-Soviet states increased Israel's population by twelve percent.[211]
On 7 June 1981, the Israeli air force destroyed Iraq's sole nuclear reactor under construction just outside Baghdad, in order to impede Iraq's nuclear weapons program. Following a series of PLO attacks in 1982, Israel invaded Lebanon that year to destroy the bases from which the PLO launched attacks and missiles into northern Israel.[212] In the first six days of fighting, the Israelis destroyed the military forces of the PLO in Lebanon and decisively defeated the Syrians. An Israeli government inquiry—the Kahan Commission—would later hold Begin, Sharon and several Israeli generals as indirectly responsible for the Sabra and Shatila massacre. In 1985, Israel responded to a Palestinian terrorist attack in Cyprus by bombing the PLO headquarters in Tunisia. Israel withdrew from most of Lebanon in 1986, but maintained a borderland buffer zone in southern Lebanon until 2000, from where Israeli forces engaged in conflict with Hezbollah. The First Intifada, a Palestinian uprising against Israeli rule,[213] broke out in 1987, with waves of uncoordinated demonstrations and violence occurring in the occupied West Bank and Gaza. Over the following six years, the Intifada became more organised and included economic and cultural measures aimed at disrupting the Israeli occupation. More than a thousand people were killed in the violence.[214] During the 1991 Gulf War, the PLO supported Saddam Hussein and Iraqi Scud missile attacks against Israel. Despite public outrage, Israel heeded American calls to refrain from hitting back and did not participate in that war.[215][216]




Shimon Peres (left) with Yitzhak Rabin (center) and King Hussein of Jordan (right), prior to signing the Israel–Jordan peace treaty in 1994.


In 1992, Yitzhak Rabin became Prime Minister following an election in which his party called for compromise with Israel's neighbors.[217][218] The following year, Shimon Peres on behalf of Israel, and Mahmoud Abbas for the PLO, signed the Oslo Accords, which gave the Palestinian National Authority the right to govern parts of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.[219] The PLO also recognized Israel's right to exist and pledged an end to terrorism.[220] In 1994, the Israel–Jordan peace treaty was signed, making Jordan the second Arab country to normalize relations with Israel.[221] Arab public support for the Accords was damaged by the continuation of Israeli settlements[222] and checkpoints, and the deterioration of economic conditions.[223] Israeli public support for the Accords waned as Israel was struck by Palestinian suicide attacks.[224] In November 1995, while leaving a peace rally, Yitzhak Rabin was assassinated by Yigal Amir, a far-right-wing Jew who opposed the Accords.[225]




The site of the 2001 Tel Aviv Dolphinarium discotheque massacre, in which 21 Israelis were killed.


Under the leadership of Benjamin Netanyahu at the end of the 1990s, Israel withdrew from Hebron,[226] and signed the Wye River Memorandum, giving greater control to the Palestinian National Authority.[227] Ehud Barak, elected Prime Minister in 1999, began the new millennium by withdrawing forces from Southern Lebanon and conducting negotiations with Palestinian Authority Chairman Yasser Arafat and U.S. President Bill Clinton at the 2000 Camp David Summit. During the summit, Barak offered a plan for the establishment of a Palestinian state. The proposed state included the entirety of the Gaza Strip and over 90% of the West Bank with Jerusalem as a shared capital.[228] Each side blamed the other for the failure of the talks. After a controversial visit by Likud leader Ariel Sharon to the Temple Mount, the Second Intifada began. Some commentators contend that the uprising was pre-planned by Arafat due to the collapse of peace talks.[229][230][231][232] Sharon became prime minister in a 2001 special election. During his tenure, Sharon carried out his plan to unilaterally withdraw from the Gaza Strip and also spearheaded the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier,[233] ending the Intifada.[234][235] By this time 1,100 Israelis had been killed, mostly in suicide bombings.[236] The Palestinian fatalities, from 2000 to 2008, reached 4,791 killed by Israeli security forces, 44 killed by Israeli civilians, and 609 killed by Palestinians.[237]
In July 2006, a Hezbollah artillery assault on Israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two Israeli soldiers precipitated the month-long Second Lebanon War.[238][239] On 6 September 2007, the Israeli Air Force destroyed a nuclear reactor in Syria. At the end of 2008, Israel entered another conflict as a ceasefire between Hamas and Israel collapsed. The 2008–09 Gaza War lasted three weeks and ended after Israel announced a unilateral ceasefire.[240][241] Hamas announced its own ceasefire, with its own conditions of complete withdrawal and opening of border crossings. Despite neither the rocket launchings nor Israeli retaliatory strikes having completely stopped, the fragile ceasefire remained in order.[242] In what Israel described as a response to more than a hundred Palestinian rocket attacks on southern Israeli cities,[243] Israel began an operation in Gaza on 14 November 2012, lasting eight days.[244] Israel started another operation in Gaza following an escalation of rocket attacks by Hamas in July 2014.[245]
Geography and environment
Main articles: Geography of Israel and Wildlife of Israel

Geography of Israel



v
t
e



Golan
Heights
Galilee
Coastal
plain
Judaean
Mountains
Jordan
Valley
Negev
Levantine Sea
(Mediterranean)
Kinneret
Dead
Sea
Gulf
of Eilat
West
Bank
Gaza
Strip
Lebanon
Syria
Jordan
Egypt










Satellite images of Israel and neighboring territories during the day (left) and night (right)


Israel is located in the Levant area of the Fertile Crescent region. The country is at the eastern end of the Mediterranean Sea, bounded by Lebanon to the north, Syria to the northeast, Jordan and the West Bank to the east, and Egypt and the Gaza Strip to the southwest. It lies between latitudes 29° and 34° N, and longitudes 34° and 36° E.
The sovereign territory of Israel (according to the demarcation lines of the 1949 Armistice Agreements and excluding all territories captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War) is approximately 20,770 square kilometers (8,019 sq mi) in area, of which two percent is water.[2] However Israel is so narrow that the exclusive economic zone in the Mediterranean is double the land area of the country.[246] The total area under Israeli law, including East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights, is 22,072 square kilometers (8,522 sq mi),[247] and the total area under Israeli control, including the military-controlled and partially Palestinian-governed territory of the West Bank, is 27,799 square kilometers (10,733 sq mi).[248]
Despite its small size, Israel is home to a variety of geographic features, from the Negev desert in the south to the inland fertile Jezreel Valley, mountain ranges of the Galilee, Carmel and toward the Golan in the north. The Israeli coastal plain on the shores of the Mediterranean is home to most of the nation's population.[249] East of the central highlands lies the Jordan Rift Valley, which forms a small part of the 6,500-kilometer (4,039 mi) Great Rift Valley. The Jordan River runs along the Jordan Rift Valley, from Mount Hermon through the Hulah Valley and the Sea of Galilee to the Dead Sea, the lowest point on the surface of the Earth.[250] Further south is the Arabah, ending with the Gulf of Eilat, part of the Red Sea. Unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula are makhteshim, or erosion cirques.[251] The largest makhtesh in the world is Ramon Crater in the Negev,[252] which measures 40 by 8 kilometers (25 by 5 mi).[253] A report on the environmental status of the Mediterranean Basin states that Israel has the largest number of plant species per square meter of all the countries in the basin.[254]
Tectonics and seismicity
Further information: List of earthquakes in the Levant
The Jordan Rift Valley is the result of tectonic movements within the Dead Sea Transform (DSF) fault system. The DSF forms the transform boundary between the African Plate to the west and the Arabian Plate to the east. The Golan Heights and all of Jordan are part of the Arabian Plate, while the Galilee, West Bank, Coastal Plain, and Negev along with the Sinai Peninsula are on the African Plate. This tectonic disposition leads to a relatively high seismic activity in the region. The entire Jordan Valley segment is thought to have ruptured repeatedly, for instance during the last two major earthquakes along this structure in 749 and 1033. The deficit in slip that has built up since the 1033 event is sufficient to cause an earthquake of Mw~7.4.[255]
The most catastrophic earthquakes we know of occurred in 31 BCE, 363, 749, and 1033 CE, that is every ca. 400 years on average.[256] Destructive earthquakes leading to serious loss of life strike about every 80 years.[257] While stringent construction regulations are currently in place and recently built structures are earthquake-safe, as of 2007[update] the majority of the buildings in Israel were older than these regulations and many public buildings as well as 50,000 residential buildings did not meet the new standards and were "expected to collapse" if exposed to a strong quake.[257] Given the fragile political situation of the Middle East region and the presence there of major holy sites, a quake reaching magnitude 7 on the Richter scale could have dire consequences for world peace.[256]
Climate




Köppen climate classification map of Israel


Temperatures in Israel vary widely, especially during the winter. Coastal areas, such as those of Tel Aviv and Haifa, have a typical Mediterranean climate with cool, rainy winters and long, hot summers. The area of Beersheba and the Northern Negev have a semi-arid climate with hot summers, cool winters, and fewer rainy days than the Mediterranean climate. The Southern Negev and the Arava areas have a desert climate with very hot, dry summers, and mild winters with few days of rain. The highest temperature in the continent of Asia (54.0 °C or 129.2 °F) was recorded in 1942 at Tirat Zvi kibbutz in the northern Jordan River valley.[258][259]
At the other extreme, mountainous regions can be windy and cold, and areas at elevation of 750 meters or more (same elevation as Jerusalem) will usually receive at least one snowfall each year.[260] From May to September, rain in Israel is rare.[261][262] With scarce water resources, Israel has developed various water-saving technologies, including drip irrigation.[263] Israelis also take advantage of the considerable sunlight available for solar energy, making Israel the leading nation in solar energy use per capita (practically every house uses solar panels for water heating).[264]
Four different phytogeographic regions exist in Israel, due to the country's location between the temperate and tropical zones, bordering the Mediterranean Sea in the west and the desert in the east. For this reason, the flora and fauna of Israel are extremely diverse. There are 2,867 known species of plants found in Israel. Of these, at least 253 species are introduced and nonnative.[265] There are 380 Israeli nature reserves.[266]







Tiberias and the Sea of Galilee









Field of Anemone coronaria, national flower of Israel









Makhtesh Ramon, a type of crater unique to Israel and the Sinai Peninsula









Snow in Galilee









Flowers of Israel




Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Israel and Israelis


Religion in Israel


v
t
e




 Note: Until 1995, figures for Christians also included Others.[267]


In 2017, Israel's population was an estimated 8,680,600 people, of whom 6,484,000 (74.7%) were recorded by the civil government as Jews.[268] 1,808,000 Arabs comprised 20.8% of the population, while non-Arab Christians and people who have no religion listed in the civil registry made up 4.4%.[269][1] Over the last decade, large numbers of migrant workers from Romania, Thailand, China, Africa, and South America have settled in Israel. Exact figures are unknown, as many of them are living in the country illegally,[270] but estimates run in the region of 203,000.[24] By June 2012, approximately 60,000 African migrants had entered Israel.[271] About 92% of Israelis live in urban areas.[272]




Immigration to Israel in the years 1948–2015. The two peaks were in 1949 and 1990.


Israel was established as a homeland for the Jewish people and is often referred to as a Jewish state. The country's Law of Return grants all Jews and those of Jewish ancestry the right to Israeli citizenship.[273] Retention of Israel's population since 1948 is about even or greater, when compared to other countries with mass immigration.[274] Jewish emigration from Israel (called yerida in Hebrew), primarily to the United States and Canada, is described by demographers as modest,[275] but is often cited by Israeli government ministries as a major threat to Israel's future.[276][277]
Three quarters of the population are Jews from a diversity of Jewish backgrounds. Approximately 76% of Israeli Jews are born in Israel, 16% are immigrants from Europe and the Americas, and 8% are immigrants from Asia and Africa (including the Arab world).[278] Jews from Europe and the former Soviet Union and their descendants born in Israel, including Ashkenazi Jews, constitute approximately 50% of Jewish Israelis. Jews who left or fled Arab and Muslim countries and their descendants, including both Mizrahi and Sephardi Jews,[279] form most of the rest of the Jewish population.[280][281][282] Jewish intermarriage rates run at over 35% and recent studies suggest that the percentage of Israelis descended from both Sephardi and Ashkenazi Jews increases by 0.5 percent every year, with over 25% of school children now originating from both communities.[283] Around 4% of Israelis (300,000), ethnically defined as "others", are Russian descendants of Jewish origin or family who are not Jewish according to rabbinical law, but were eligible for Israeli citizenship under the Law of Return.[284][285][286]
In 2015[update], 385,900 Israelis lived in West Bank settlements,[287] including those that predated the establishment of the State of Israel and which were re-established after the Six-Day War, in cities such as Hebron and Gush Etzion bloc. In addition, there were more than 200,000 Jews living in East Jerusalem,[288] and 20,000 in the Golan Heights.[287] The total number of Israeli settlers is over 600,000 (≈10% of the Jewish Israeli population). Approximately 7,800 Israelis lived in settlements in the Gaza Strip, known as Gush Katif, until they were evacuated by the government as part of its 2005 disengagement plan.[289]
Major urban areas
For a more comprehensive list, see List of cities in Israel.




Park Tzameret residential neighborhood in Tel Aviv.


There are four major metropolitan areas: Gush Dan (Tel Aviv metropolitan area; population 3,785,000), Jerusalem metropolitan area (population 1,223,800), Haifa metropolitan area (population 913,700), and Beersheba metropolitan area (population 369,200).[290]
Israel's largest municipality, in population and area, is Jerusalem with 865,721 residents in an area of 125 square kilometres (48 sq mi).[291] Israeli government statistics on Jerusalem include the population and area of East Jerusalem, which is widely recognized as part of the Palestinian territories under Israeli occupation.[292] Tel Aviv and Haifa rank as Israel's next most populous cities, with populations of 432,892 and 278,903, respectively.[291]
Israel has 15 cities with populations over 100,000. In all, there are 77 municipalities granted "city" status by the Ministry of Interior. Two more cities are planned: Kasif, a planned city to be built in the Negev, and Harish, originally a small town currently being built into a large city.




 


v
t
e


Largest cities in Israel
Israel Central Bureau of Statistics[291]




Rank
Name
District
Pop.
Rank
Name
District
Pop.




Jerusalem

Tel Aviv
1
Jerusalem
Jerusalem
865,721a
11
Ramat Gan
Tel Aviv
152,596

Haifa

Rishon LeZion


2
Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
432,892
12
Rehovot
Central
132,671


3
Haifa
Haifa
278,903
13
Ashkelon
Southern
130,660


4
Rishon LeZion
Central
243,973
14
Bat Yam
Tel Aviv
128,892


5
Petah Tikva
Central
230,984
15
Beit Shemesh
Jerusalem
103,922


6
Ashdod
Southern
220,174
16
Kfar Saba
Central
96,922


7
Netanya
Central
207,946
17
Herzliya
Tel Aviv
91,926


8
Beersheba
Southern
203,604
18
Hadera
Haifa
88,783


9
Holon
Tel Aviv
188,834
19
Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut
Central
88,749


10
Bnei Brak
Tel Aviv
182,799
20
Nazareth
Northern
75,726


^a This number includes East Jerusalem and West Bank areas. Israeli sovereignty over East Jerusalem is internationally unrecognized.
Language
Main article: Languages of Israel




Road sign in Hebrew, Arabic, and English


Israel has two official languages, Hebrew and Arabic.[2] Hebrew is the primary language of the state and is spoken every day by the majority of the population. Arabic is spoken by the Arab minority, with Hebrew taught in Arab schools.
As a country of immigrants, many languages can be heard on the streets. Due to mass immigration from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia (some 130,000 Ethiopian Jews live in Israel),[293][294] Russian and Amharic are widely spoken.[295] More than one million Russian-speaking immigrants arrived in Israel from the post-Soviet states between 1990 and 2004.[296] French is spoken by around 700,000 Israelis,[297] mostly originating from France and North Africa (see Maghrebi Jews). English was an official language during the Mandate period; it lost this status after the establishment of Israel, but retains a role comparable to that of an official language,[298][299][300] as may be seen in road signs and official documents. Many Israelis communicate reasonably well in English, as many television programs are broadcast in English with subtitles and the language is taught from the early grades in elementary school. In addition, Israeli universities offer courses in the English language on various subjects.[301]
Religion
Main articles: Religion in Israel and Abrahamic religions




The Dome of the Rock and the Western Wall, Jerusalem.


Israel comprises a major part of the Holy Land, a region of significant importance to all Abrahamic religions – Judaism, Christianity, Islam, Druze and Bahá'í Faith.
The religious affiliation of Israeli Jews varies widely: a social survey indicates that 49% self-identify as Hiloni (secular), 29% as Masorti (traditional), 13% as Dati (Orthodox) and 9% as Haredi (ultra-Orthodox).[302] Haredi Jews are expected to represent more than 20% of Israel's Jewish population by 2028.[303]




9th Station of the Cross on the Via Dolorosa street in Jerusalem. The Church of the Holy Sepulchre in the background is venerated by Christians as the site of the Burial of Jesus.[304]


Making up 17.6% of the population, Muslims constitute Israel's largest religious minority. About 2% of the population is Christian and 1.6% is Druze.[2] The Christian population primarily comprises Arab Christians, but also includes post-Soviet immigrants, the foreign laborers of multinational origins, and followers of Messianic Judaism, considered by most Christians and Jews to be a form of Christianity.[305] Members of many other religious groups, including Buddhists and Hindus, maintain a presence in Israel, albeit in small numbers.[306] Out of more than one million immigrants from the former Soviet Union, about 300,000 are considered not Jewish by the Chief Rabbinate of Israel.[307]
The city of Jerusalem is of special importance to Jews, Muslims and Christians as it is the home of sites that are pivotal to their religious beliefs, such as the Old City that incorporates the Western Wall and the Temple Mount, the Al-Aqsa Mosque and the Church of the Holy Sepulchre.[308] Other locations of religious importance in Israel are Nazareth (holy in Christianity as the site of the Annunciation of Mary), Tiberias and Safed (two of the Four Holy Cities in Judaism), the White Mosque in Ramla (holy in Islam as the shrine of the prophet Saleh), and the Church of Saint George in Lod (holy in Christianity and Islam as the tomb of Saint George or Al Khidr). A number of other religious landmarks are located in the West Bank, among them Joseph's Tomb in Nablus, the birthplace of Jesus and Rachel's Tomb in Bethlehem, and the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron. The administrative center of the Bahá'í Faith and the Shrine of the Báb are located at the Bahá'í World Centre in Haifa; the leader of the faith is buried in Acre. Apart from maintenance staff, there is no Bahá'í community in Israel, although it is a destination for pilgrimages. Bahá'í staff in Israel do not teach their faith to Israelis following strict policy.[309][310][311] A few miles south of the Bahá'í World Centre is Mahmood Mosque affiliated with the reformist Ahmadiyya movement. Kababir, Haifa's mixed neighbourhood of Jews and Ahmadi Arabs is the only one of its kind in the country.[312][313]
Education
Main article: Education in Israel




Multidisciplinary Brain Research Center at Bar-Ilan University


Education is highly valued in the Israeli culture and was viewed as a fundamental block of ancient Israelites.[314] Jewish communities in the Levant were the first to introduce compulsory education for which the organized community, not less than the parents was responsible.[315] Many international business leaders such as Microsoft founder Bill Gates have praised Israel for its high quality of education in helping spur Israel's economic development and technological boom.[316][317][318] In 2015, the country ranked third among OECD members (after Canada and Japan) for the percentage of 25–64 year-olds that have attained tertiary education with 49% compared with the OECD average of 35%.[30] In 2012, the country ranked third in the world in the number of academic degrees per capita (20 percent of the population).[319][320]
Israel has a school life expectancy of 16 years and a literacy rate of 97.8%.[2] The State Education Law, passed in 1953, established five types of schools: state secular, state religious, ultra orthodox, communal settlement schools, and Arab schools. The public secular is the largest school group, and is attended by the majority of Jewish and non-Arab pupils in Israel. Most Arabs send their children to schools where Arabic is the language of instruction.[321] Education is compulsory in Israel for children between the ages of three and eighteen.[322][323] Schooling is divided into three tiers – primary school (grades 1–6), middle school (grades 7–9), and high school (grades 10–12) – culminating with Bagrut matriculation exams. Proficiency in core subjects such as mathematics, the Hebrew language, Hebrew and general literature, the English language, history, Biblical scripture and civics is necessary to receive a Bagrut certificate.[324] Israel's Jewish population maintains a relatively high level of educational attainment where just under half of all Israeli Jews (46%) hold post-secondary degrees. This figure has remained stable in their already high levels of educational attainment over recent generations.[325][326] Israeli Jews (among those ages 25 and older) have average of 11.6 years of schooling making them one of the most highly educated of all major religious groups in the world.[327][328] In Arab, Christian and Druze schools, the exam on Biblical studies is replaced by an exam on Muslim, Christian or Druze heritage.[329] Maariv described the Christian Arabs sectors as "the most successful in education system",[330] since Christians fared the best in terms of education in comparison to any other religion in Israel.[331] Israeli children from Russian-speaking families have a higher bagrut pass rate at high-school level.[332] Although amongst immigrant children born in the Former Soviet Union, the bagrut pass rate is highest amongst those families from European FSU states at 62.6%, and lower amongst those from Central Asian and Caucasian FSU states.[333] In 2014, 61.5% of all Israeli twelfth graders earned a matriculation certificate.[334]




Hebrew University of Jerusalem


Israel has nine public universities that are subsidized by the state and 49 private colleges.[324][335][336] The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Israel's second-oldest university after the Technion,[337][338] houses the National Library of Israel, the world's largest repository of Judaica and Hebraica.[339] The Technion and the Hebrew University consistently ranked among world's 100 top universities by the prestigious ARWU academic ranking.[340] Other major universities in the country include the Weizmann Institute of Science, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Bar-Ilan University, the University of Haifa and the Open University of Israel. Ariel University, in the West Bank, is the newest university institution, upgraded from college status, and the first in over thirty years.
Politics
Main articles: Politics of Israel and Israeli system of government
See also: Criticism of the Israeli government




President
Reuven Rivlin



Prime Minister
Benjamin Netanyahu








The Knesset chamber, home to the Israeli parliament


Israel is a parliamentary democracy with universal suffrage. A member of parliament supported by a parliamentary majority becomes the prime minister—usually this is the chair of the largest party. The prime minister is the head of government and head of the cabinet.[341][342] Israel is governed by a 120-member parliament, known as the Knesset. Membership of the Knesset is based on proportional representation of political parties,[343] with a 3.25% electoral threshold, which in practice has resulted in coalition governments. Parliamentary elections are scheduled every four years, but unstable coalitions or a no-confidence vote by the Knesset can dissolve a government earlier. The Basic Laws of Israel function as an uncodified constitution. In 2003, the Knesset began to draft an official constitution based on these laws.[2][344] The president of Israel is head of state, with limited and largely ceremonial duties.[341]
Israel has no official religion,[345][346][347] but the definition of the state as "Jewish and democratic" creates a strong connection with Judaism, as well as a conflict between state law and religious law. Interaction between the political parties keeps the balance between state and religion largely as it existed during the British Mandate.[348]
Legal system
Main articles: Judiciary of Israel and Israeli law




Supreme Court of Israel, Givat Ram, Jerusalem


Israel has a three-tier court system. At the lowest level are magistrate courts, situated in most cities across the country. Above them are district courts, serving as both appellate courts and courts of first instance; they are situated in five of Israel's six districts. The third and highest tier is the Supreme Court, located in Jerusalem; it serves a dual role as the highest court of appeals and the High Court of Justice. In the latter role, the Supreme Court rules as a court of first instance, allowing individuals, both citizens and non-citizens, to petition against the decisions of state authorities.[349][350] Although Israel supports the goals of the International Criminal Court, it has not ratified the Rome Statute, citing concerns about the ability of the court to remain free from political impartiality.[351]
Israel's legal system combines three legal traditions: English common law, civil law, and Jewish law.[2] It is based on the principle of stare decisis (precedent) and is an adversarial system, where the parties in the suit bring evidence before the court. Court cases are decided by professional judges rather than juries.[349] Marriage and divorce are under the jurisdiction of the religious courts: Jewish, Muslim, Druze, and Christian. The election of judges is carried out by a committee of two Knesset members, three Supreme Court justices, two Israeli Bar members and two ministers (one of which, Israel's justice minister, is the committee's chairman). The committee's members of the Knesset are secretly elected by the Knesset, and one of them is traditionally a member of the opposition, the committee's Supreme Court justices are chosen by tradition from all Supreme Court justices by seniority, the Israeli Bar members are elected by the bar, and the second minister is appointed by the Israeli cabinet. The current justice minister and committee's chairwoman is Ayelet Shaked.[352][353][354] Administration of Israel's courts (both the "General" courts and the Labor Courts) is carried by the Administration of Courts, situated in Jerusalem. Both General and Labor courts are paperless courts: the storage of court files, as well as court decisions, are conducted electronically. Israel's Basic Law: Human Dignity and Liberty seeks to defend human rights and liberties in Israel.
Administrative divisions
Main article: Districts of Israel

Districts of Israel
North
Haifa
Center
Tel Aviv
Judea
and
Samaria
Jerusalem
South



v
t
e




The State of Israel is divided into six main administrative districts, known as mehozot (מחוזות; singular: mahoz) – Center, Haifa, Jerusalem, North, South, and Tel Aviv districts, as well as the Judea and Samaria Area in the West Bank. All of the Judea and Samaria Area and parts of the Jerusalem and Northern districts are not recognized internationally as part of Israel. Districts are further divided into fifteen sub-districts known as nafot (נפות; singular: nafa), which are themselves partitioned into fifty natural regions.[355]


District
Capital
Largest city
Population[287]


Jews
Arabs
Total
note


Jerusalem
Jerusalem
7001670000000000000♠67%
7001320000000000000♠32%
1058000 !1,058,000
a


North
Nazareth Illit
Nazareth
7001430000000000000♠43%
7001540000000000000♠54%
1380400 !1,380,400



Haifa
Haifa
7001680000000000000♠68%
7001260000000000000♠26%
0981300 !981,300



Center
Ramla
Rishon LeZion
7001880000000000000♠88%
7000800000000000000♠8%
2071500 !2,071,500



Tel Aviv
Tel Aviv
7001930000000000000♠93%
7000100000000000000♠1%
1368800 !1,368,800



South
Beersheba
Ashdod
7001730000000000000♠73%
7001200000000000000♠20%
1217500 !1,217,500



Judea and Samaria
Ariel
Modi'in Illit
7001980000000000000♠98%
5000000000000000000♠0%
0385900 !385,900
b



^a Including 201,170 Jews and 313,350 Arabs in East Jerusalem, as of 2014[update].[288]
^b Israeli citizens only.

Israeli-occupied territories
Main article: Israeli-occupied territories




Map of Israel showing the West Bank, the Gaza Strip, and the Golan Heights


In 1967, as a result of the Six-Day War, Israel captured and occupied the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the Golan Heights. Israel also captured the Sinai Peninsula, but returned it to Egypt as part of the 1979 Egypt–Israel Peace Treaty.[356] Between 1982 and 2000, Israel occupied part of southern Lebanon, in what was known as the Security Belt. Since Israel's capture of these territories, Israeli settlements and military installations have been built within each of them, except Lebanon. Israel has applied civilian law to the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem and granted their inhabitants permanent residency status and the ability to apply for citizenship. The West Bank, outside of the Israeli settlements within the territory, has remained under direct military rule, and Palestinians in this area cannot become Israeli citizens. Israel withdrew its military forces and dismantled the Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip as part of its disengagement from Gaza though it continues to maintain control of its airspace and waters.
The UN Security Council has declared the annexation of the Golan Heights and East Jerusalem to be "null and void" and continues to view the territories as occupied.[357][358] The International Court of Justice, principal judicial organ of the United Nations, asserted, in its 2004 advisory opinion on the legality of the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier, that the lands captured by Israel in the Six-Day War, including East Jerusalem, are occupied territory.[359] The status of East Jerusalem in any future peace settlement has at times been a difficult issue in negotiations between Israeli governments and representatives of the Palestinians, as Israel views it as its sovereign territory, as well as part of its capital. Most negotiations relating to the territories have been on the basis of United Nations Security Council Resolution 242, which emphasises "the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by war", and calls on Israel to withdraw from occupied territories in return for normalization of relations with Arab states, a principle known as "Land for peace".[360][361][362]
According to some observers,[weasel words] Israel has engaged in systematic and widespread violations of human rights in the occupied territories, including the occupation itself[363] and war crimes against civilians.[364][365][366][367] The allegations include violations of international humanitarian law[368] by the United Nations Human Rights Council,[369] with local residents having "limited ability to hold governing authorities accountable for such abuses" by the U.S. State Department,[370] mass arbitrary arrests, torture, unlawful killings, systemic abuses and impunity by Amnesty International and others[371][372][373][374][375][376] and a denial of the right to Palestinian self-determination.[377][378][379][380][381][excessive detail?] In response to such allegations, Prime Minister Netanyahu has defended the country's security forces for protecting the innocent from terrorists[382] and expressed contempt for what he describes as a lack of concern about the human rights violations committed by "criminal killers".[383] Some observers, such as Israeli officials, scholars,[384] United States Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley[385][386] and UN secretary-generals Ban Ki-moon[387] and Kofi Annan,[388] also assert that the UN is disproportionately concerned with Israeli misconduct.[excessive detail?]




Israeli West Bank barrier separating Israel and the West Bank


The West Bank was occupied and annexed by Jordan in 1950, following the Arab rejection of the UN decision to create two states in Palestine. Only Britain recognized this annexation and Jordan has since ceded its claim to the territory to the PLO. The population are mainly Palestinians, including refugees of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War.[389] From their occupation in 1967 until 1993, the Palestinians living in these territories were under Israeli military administration. Since the Israel–PLO letters of recognition, most of the Palestinian population and cities have been under the internal jurisdiction of the Palestinian Authority, and only partial Israeli military control, although Israel has on several occasions redeployed its troops and reinstated full military administration during periods of unrest. In response to increasing attacks during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government started to construct the Israeli West Bank barrier.[390] When completed, approximately 13% of the barrier will be constructed on the Green Line or in Israel with 87% inside the West Bank.[391][392]
The Gaza Strip was occupied by Egypt from 1948 to 1967 and then by Israel after 1967. In 2005, as part of Israel's unilateral disengagement plan, Israel removed all of its settlers and forces from the territory. Israel does not consider the Gaza Strip to be occupied territory and declared it a "foreign territory". That view has been disputed by numerous international humanitarian organizations and various bodies of the United Nations.[393][394][395][396][397] Following the 2007 Battle of Gaza, when Hamas assumed power in the Gaza Strip,[398] Israel tightened its control of the Gaza crossings along its border, as well as by sea and air, and prevented persons from entering and exiting the area except for isolated cases it deemed humanitarian.[398] Gaza has a border with Egypt and an agreement between Israel, the European Union and the PA governed how border crossing would take place (it was monitored by European observers).[399]
Foreign relations
Main articles: Foreign relations of Israel and International recognition of Israel




  Diplomatic relations
  Diplomatic relations suspended
  Former diplomatic relations
  No diplomatic relations, but former trade relations
  No diplomatic relations



Israel maintains diplomatic relations with 158 countries and has 107 diplomatic missions around the world;[400] countries with whom they have no diplomatic relations include most Muslim countries.[401] Only three members of the Arab League have normalized relations with Israel: Egypt and Jordan signed peace treaties in 1979 and 1994, respectively, and Mauritania opted for full diplomatic relations with Israel in 1999. Despite the peace treaty between Israel and Egypt, Israel is still widely considered an enemy country among Egyptians.[402] Under Israeli law, Lebanon, Syria, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Iran, Sudan, and Yemen are enemy countries,[403] and Israeli citizens may not visit them without permission from the Ministry of the Interior.[404] Iran had diplomatic relations with Israel under the Pahlavi dynasty[405] but withdrew its recognition of Israel during the Islamic Revolution.[406] As a result of the 2008–09 Gaza War, Mauritania, Qatar, Bolivia, and Venezuela suspended political and economic ties with Israel.[407][408]
The United States and the Soviet Union were the first two countries to recognize the State of Israel, having declared recognition roughly simultaneously.[409] The United States regards Israel as its "most reliable partner in the Middle East,"[410] based on "common democratic values, religious affinities, and security interests".[411] The United States has provided $68 billion in military assistance and $32 billion in grants to Israel since 1967, under the Foreign Assistance Act (period beginning 1962),[412] more than any other country for that period until 2003.[412][413][414] The United Kingdom is seen as having a "natural" relationship with Israel on account of the British Mandate for Palestine.[415] Relations between the two countries were also made stronger by former prime minister Tony Blair's efforts for a two state resolution. By 2007[update], Germany had paid 25 billion euros in reparations to the Israeli state and individual Israeli Holocaust survivors.[416] Israel is included in the European Union's European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP), which aims at bringing the EU and its neighbours closer.[417]
Although Turkey and Israel did not establish full diplomatic relations until 1991,[418] Turkey has cooperated with the Jewish state since its recognition of Israel in 1949. Turkey's ties to the other Muslim-majority nations in the region have at times resulted in pressure from Arab and Muslim states to temper its relationship with Israel.[419] Relations between Turkey and Israel took a downturn after the 2008–09 Gaza War and Israel's raid of the Gaza flotilla.[420] Relations between Greece and Israel have improved since 1995 due to the decline of Israeli-Turkish relations.[421] The two countries have a defense cooperation agreement and in 2010, the Israeli Air Force hosted Greece's Hellenic Air Force in a joint exercise at the Uvda base. The joint Cyprus-Israel oil and gas explorations centered on the Leviathan gas field are an important factor for Greece, given its strong links with Cyprus.[422] Cooperation in the world's longest sub-sea electric power cable, the EuroAsia Interconnector, has strengthened relations between Cyprus and Israel.[423]
Azerbaijan is one of the few majority Muslim countries to develop bilateral strategic and economic relations with Israel. Azerbaijan supplies Israel with a substantial amount of its oil needs, and Israel has helped modernize the Armed Forces of Azerbaijan. India established full diplomatic ties with Israel in 1992 and has fostered a strong military, technological and cultural partnership with the country since then.[424] According to an international opinion survey conducted in 2009 on behalf of the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, India is the most pro-Israel country in the world.[425][426] India is the largest customer of the Israeli military equipment and Israel is the second-largest military partner of India after Russia.[427] Ethiopia is Israel's main ally in Africa due to common political, religious and security interests.[428] Israel provides expertise to Ethiopia on irrigation projects and thousands of Ethiopian Jews live in Israel.
International humanitarian efforts
Israeli foreign aid ranks low among OECD nations, spending less than 0.1% of its GNI on development assistance, as opposed to the recommended 0.7%. The country also ranked 43rd in the 2016 World Giving Index.[429] However, Israel has a history of providing emergency aid and humanitarian response teams to disasters across the world.[430] Israel's humanitarian efforts officially began in 1957, with the establishment of Mashav, the Israel's Agency for International Development Cooperation.[431] There are additional Israeli humanitarian and emergency response groups that work with the Israel government, including IsraAid, a joint programme run by 14 Israeli organizations and North American Jewish groups,[432] ZAKA,[433] The Fast Israeli Rescue and Search Team (FIRST),[434] Israeli Flying Aid (IFA),[435] Save a Child's Heart (SACH)[436] and Latet.[437]
Between 1985 and 2015, Israel sent 24 delegations of IDF search and rescue unit, the Home Front Command, to 22 countries.[438] In Haiti, immediately following the 2010 earthquake, Israel was the first country to set up a field hospital capable of performing surgical operations.[439] Israel sent over 200 medical doctors and personnel to start treating injured Haitians at the scene.[440] At the conclusion of its humanitarian mission 11 days later,[441] the Israeli delegation had treated more than 1,110 patients, conducted 319 successful surgeries, delivered 16 births and rescued or assisted in the rescue of four individuals.[442][443] Despite radiation concerns, Israel was one of the first countries to send a medical delegation to Japan following the 2011 earthquake and tsunami disaster.[444] Israel dispatched a medical team to the tsunami-stricken city of Kurihara in 2011. A medical clinic run by an IDF team of some 50 members featured pediatric, surgical, maternity and gynecological, and otolaryngology wards, together with an optometry department, a laboratory, a pharmacy and an intensive care unit. After treating 200 patients in two weeks, the departing emergency team donated its equipment to the Japanese.[445]
Military
Main articles: Israel Defense Forces and Israeli security forces
Further information: List of wars involving Israel, List of the Israel Defense Forces operations, and Israel and weapons of mass destruction
The Israel Defense Forces is the sole military wing of the Israeli security forces, and is headed by its Chief of General Staff, the Ramatkal, subordinate to the Cabinet. The IDF consist of the army, air force and navy. It was founded during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War by consolidating paramilitary organizations—chiefly the Haganah—that preceded the establishment of the state.[446] The IDF also draws upon the resources of the Military Intelligence Directorate (Aman), which works with Mossad and Shabak.[447] The Israel Defense Forces have been involved in several major wars and border conflicts in its short history, making it one of the most battle-trained armed forces in the world.[448][449]




IDF soldiers cleaning the beaches at Tel Aviv, which have scored highly in environmental tests.[450]


Most Israelis are drafted into the military at the age of 18. Men serve two years and eight months and women two years.[451] Following mandatory service, Israeli men join the reserve forces and usually do up to several weeks of reserve duty every year until their forties. Most women are exempt from reserve duty. Arab citizens of Israel (except the Druze) and those engaged in full-time religious studies are exempt from military service, although the exemption of yeshiva students has been a source of contention in Israeli society for many years.[452][453] An alternative for those who receive exemptions on various grounds is Sherut Leumi, or national service, which involves a program of service in hospitals, schools and other social welfare frameworks.[454] As a result of its conscription program, the IDF maintains approximately 176,500 active troops and an additional 445,000 reservists.[455]




Iron Dome is the world's first operational anti-artillery rocket defense system.


The nation's military relies heavily on high-tech weapons systems designed and manufactured in Israel as well as some foreign imports. The Arrow missile is one of the world's few operational anti-ballistic missile systems.[456] The Python air-to-air missile series is often considered one of the most crucial weapons in its military history.[457] Israel's Spike missile is one of the most widely exported ATGMs in the world.[458] Israel's Iron Dome anti-missile air defense system gained worldwide acclaim after intercepting hundreds of Qassam, 122 mm Grad and Fajr-5 artillery rockets fire by Palestinian militants from the Gaza Strip.[459][460] Since the Yom Kippur War, Israel has developed a network of reconnaissance satellites.[461] The success of the Ofeq program has made Israel one of seven countries capable of launching such satellites.[462]
Israel is widely believed to possess nuclear weapons[463] as well as chemical and biological weapons of mass destruction.[464] Israel has not signed the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons[465] and maintains a policy of deliberate ambiguity toward its nuclear capabilities.[466] The Israeli Navy's Dolphin submarines are believed to be armed with nuclear Popeye Turbo missiles, offering second-strike capability.[467] Since the Gulf War in 1991, when Israel was attacked by Iraqi Scud missiles, all homes in Israel are required to have a reinforced security room, Merkhav Mugan, impermeable to chemical and biological substances.[468]
Since Israel's establishment, military expenditure constituted a significant portion of the country's gross domestic product, with peak of 30.3% of GDP spent on defense in 1975.[469] In 2015, Israel ranked 7th in the world by defense spending as a percentage of GDP, with 5.4%,[470] and 15th by total military expenditure.[471] Since 1974, the United States has been a particularly notable contributor of military aid to Israel.[472] Under a memorandum of understanding signed in 2016, the U.S. is expected to provide the country with $3.8 billion per year, or around 20% of Israel's defense budget, from 2018 to 2028.[473] Israel ranked 7th globally for arms exports in 2016.[474] The majority of Israel's arms exports are unreported for security reasons.[475] Israel is consistently rated low in the Global Peace Index, ranking 144th out of 163 nations for peacefulness in 2017.[476]
Economy
Main article: Economy of Israel




The Diamond Exchange District in Ramat Gan


Israel is considered the most advanced country in Southwest Asia and the Middle East in economic and industrial development.[477] Israel's quality university education and the establishment of a highly motivated and educated populace is largely responsible for spurring the country's high technology boom and rapid economic development.[316] In 2010, it joined the OECD.[29][478] The country is ranked 24th in the World Economic Forum's Global Competitiveness Report[479] and 52nd on the World Bank's Doing Business index.[480] It has the second-largest number of startup companies in the world after the United States,[481] and the third-largest number of NASDAQ-listed companies after the U.S. and China.[482] In 2016, Israel ranked 21st among the world's most competitive nations, according to the IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook.[483] Israel was also ranked 4th in the world by share of people in high-skilled employment.[484]




Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Its building is optimized for computer trading, with systems located in an underground bunker to keep the exchange active during emergencies.[485]


Despite limited natural resources, intensive development of the agricultural and industrial sectors over the past decades has made Israel largely self-sufficient in food production, apart from grains and beef. Imports to Israel, totaling $57.9 billion in 2016, include raw materials, military equipment, investment goods, rough diamonds, fuels, grain, and consumer goods.[2] Leading exports include machinery and equipment, software, cut diamonds, agricultural products, chemicals, and textiles and apparel; in 2016, Israeli exports reached $51.61 billion.[2]
The Bank of Israel holds $97.22 billion of foreign-exchange reserves.[2] Since the 1970s, Israel has received military aid from the United States, as well as economic assistance in the form of loan guarantees, which now account for roughly half of Israel's external debt. Israel has one of the lowest external debts in the developed world, and is a lender in terms of net external debt (assets vs. liabilities abroad), which in 2015[update] stood at a surplus of $69 billion.[486] Israel has an impressive record for creating profit driven technologies making the country a top choice for many business leaders and high technology industry giants. Intel[487] and Microsoft[488] built their first overseas research and development facilities in Israel, and other high-tech multi-national corporations, such as IBM, Google, Apple, HP, Cisco Systems, Facebook and Motorola have opened R&D centres in the country. In 2007, American investor Warren Buffett's holding company Berkshire Hathaway bought an Israeli company, Iscar, its first acquisition outside the United States, for $4 billion.[489]
Days of working time in Israel are Sunday through Thursday (for a five-day workweek), or Friday (for a six-day workweek). In observance of Shabbat, in places where Friday is a work day and the majority of population is Jewish, Friday is a "short day", usually lasting till 14:00 in the winter, or 16:00 in the summer. Several proposals have been raised to adjust the work week with the majority of the world, and make Sunday a non-working day, while extending working time of other days or replacing Friday with Sunday as a work day.[490]
Science and technology
Main articles: Science and technology in Israel and List of Israeli inventions and discoveries




Materials science professor Dan Shechtman is one of six Israelis to win the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in under a decade.[491]


Israel's development of cutting-edge technologies in software, communications and the life sciences have evoked comparisons with Silicon Valley.[492][493] Israel ranks 10th in the Bloomberg Innovation Index,[494] and is 2nd in the world in expenditure on research and development as a percentage of GDP.[495] Israel boasts 140 scientists, technicians, and engineers per 10,000 employees, the highest number in the world (in comparison, the same is 85 for the U.S.).[496][497][498] Israel has produced six Nobel Prize-winning scientists since 2004[491] and has been frequently ranked as one of the countries with the highest ratios of scientific papers per capita in the world.[499][500][501] Israel has led the world in stem-cell research papers per capita since 2000.[502] Israeli universities are ranked among the top 50 world universities in computer science (Technion and Tel Aviv University), mathematics (Hebrew University of Jerusalem) and chemistry (Weizmann Institute of Science).[340]




IAI Lavi, technology demonstrator.


In 2012 Israel was ranked ninth in the world by the Futron's Space Competitiveness Index.[503] The Israel Space Agency coordinates all Israeli space research programs with scientific and commercial goals, and have indigenously designed and built at least 13 commercial, research and spy satellites.[504] Some of Israel's satellites are ranked among the world's most advanced space systems.[505] Shavit is a space launch vehicle produced by Israel to launch small satellites into low Earth orbit.[506] It was first launched in 1988, making Israel the eighth nation to have a space launch capability. In 2003, Ilan Ramon became Israel's first astronaut, serving as payload specialist of STS-107, the fatal mission of the Space Shuttle Columbia.[507]
The ongoing shortage of water in the country has spurred innovation in water conservation techniques, and a substantial agricultural modernization, drip irrigation, was invented in Israel. Israel is also at the technological forefront of desalination and water recycling. The Sorek desalination plant is the largest seawater reverse osmosis (SWRO) desalination facility in the world.[508] By 2014, Israel's desalination programs provided roughly 35% of Israel's drinking water and it is expected to supply 40% by 2015 and 70% by 2050.[509] As of 2015, more than 50 percent of the water for Israeli households, agriculture and industry is artificially produced.[510] The country hosts an annual Water Technology and Environmental Control Exhibition & Conference (WATEC) that attracts thousands of people from across the world.[511][512] In 2011, Israel's water technology industry was worth around $2 billion a year with annual exports of products and services in the tens of millions of dollars. As a result of innovations in reverse osmosis technology, Israel is set to become a net exporter of water in the coming years.[513]




The world's largest solar parabolic dish at the Ben-Gurion National Solar Energy Center.[514]


Israel has embraced solar energy; its engineers are on the cutting edge of solar energy technology[515] and its solar companies work on projects around the world.[516][517] Over 90% of Israeli homes use solar energy for hot water, the highest per capita in the world.[264][518] According to government figures, the country saves 8% of its electricity consumption per year because of its solar energy use in heating.[519] The high annual incident solar irradiance at its geographic latitude creates ideal conditions for what is an internationally renowned solar research and development industry in the Negev Desert.[515][516][517] Israel had a modern electric car infrastructure involving a countrywide network of charging stations to facilitate the charging and exchange of car batteries. It was thought that this would have lowered Israel's oil dependency and lowered the fuel costs of hundreds of Israel's motorists that use cars powered only by electric batteries.[520][521][522] The Israeli model was being studied by several countries and being implemented in Denmark and Australia.[523] However, Israel's trailblazing electric car company Better Place shut down in 2013.[524]
Transportation
Main article: Transport in Israel




Reception hall at Ben Gurion Airport


Israel has 19,224 kilometres (11,945 mi) of paved roads,[525] and 3 million motor vehicles.[526] The number of motor vehicles per 1,000 persons is 365, relatively low with respect to developed countries.[526] Israel has 5,715 buses on scheduled routes,[527] operated by several carriers, the largest of which is Egged, serving most of the country. Railways stretch across 1,277 kilometres (793 mi) and are operated solely by government-owned Israel Railways.[528] Following major investments beginning in the early to mid-1990s, the number of train passengers per year has grown from 2.5 million in 1990, to 53 million in 2015; railways are also transporting 7.5 million tons of cargo, per year.[528]
Israel is served by two international airports, Ben Gurion Airport, the country's main hub for international air travel near Tel Aviv, and Ovda Airport, which serves the southernmost port city of Eilat. There are several small domestic airports as well.[529] Ben Gurion, Israel's largest airport, handled over 15 million passengers in 2015.[530] On the Mediterranean coast, the Port of Haifa is the country's oldest and largest port, while Ashdod Port is one of the few deep water ports in the world built on the open sea.[529] In addition to these, the smaller Port of Eilat is situated on the Red Sea, and is used mainly for trading with Far East countries.[529]
Tourism
Main article: Tourism in Israel




Mount Hermon ski resort, which in peak season can attract more than 12,000 visitors each day.


Tourism, especially religious tourism, is an important industry in Israel, with the country's temperate climate, beaches, archaeological, other historical and biblical sites, and unique geography also drawing tourists. Israel's security problems have taken their toll on the industry, but the number of incoming tourists is on the rebound.[531] In 2013, a record of 3.54 million tourists visited Israel with the most popular site of attraction being the Western Wall with 68% of tourists visiting there.[532][533]
Energy
Main article: Energy in Israel
In 2009, a natural gas reserve, Tamar was found near the coast of Israel. A second natural gas reserve, Leviathan, was discovered in 2010.[534]
Ketura Sun is Israel’s first commercial solar field. Built in early 2011 by the Arava Power Company on Kibbutz Ketura, Ketura Sun covers twenty acres and is expected to produce green energy amounting to 4.95 megawatts. The field consists of 18,500 photovoltaic panels made by Suntech, which will produce about 9 gigawatt-hours of electricity per year.[535] In the next twenty years, the field will spare the production of some 125,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide.[536] The field was inaugurated on June 15, 2011.[537]
On May 22, 2012 Arava Power Company announced that it had reached financial close on an additional 58.5 MW for 8 projects to be built in the Arava and the Negev valued at 780 million NIS or approximately $204 million.[538]
Culture
Main article: Culture of Israel
Israel's diverse culture stems from the diversity of its population: Jews from diaspora communities around the world have brought their cultural and religious traditions back with them, creating a melting pot of Jewish customs and beliefs.[539] Israel is the only country in the world where life revolves around the Hebrew calendar. Work and school holidays are determined by the Jewish holidays, and the official day of rest is Saturday, the Jewish Sabbath.[540] Israel's substantial Arab minority has also left its imprint on Israeli culture in such spheres as architecture,[541] music,[542] and cuisine.[543]
Literature
Main article: Israeli literature




Shmuel Yosef Agnon, laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature






Amos Oz's works have been translated into 36 languages, more than any other Israeli writer.[544]


Israeli literature is primarily poetry and prose written in Hebrew, as part of the renaissance of Hebrew as a spoken language since the mid-19th century, although a small body of literature is published in other languages, such as English. By law, two copies of all printed matter published in Israel must be deposited in the National Library of Israel at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. In 2001, the law was amended to include audio and video recordings, and other non-print media.[545] In 2015, 85 percent of the 7,843 books transferred to the library were in Hebrew.[546] The Hebrew Book Week is held each June and features book fairs, public readings, and appearances by Israeli authors around the country. During the week, Israel's top literary award, the Sapir Prize, is presented.[citation needed]
In 1966, Shmuel Yosef Agnon shared the Nobel Prize in Literature with German Jewish author Nelly Sachs.[547] Leading Israeli poets have been Yehuda Amichai, Nathan Alterman and Rachel Bluwstein. Internationally famous contemporary Israeli novelists include Amos Oz, Etgar Keret and David Grossman. The Israeli-Arab satirist Sayed Kashua (who writes in Hebrew) is also internationally known.[citation needed] Israel has also been the home of two leading Palestinian poets and writers: Emile Habibi, whose novel The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist, and other writings, won him the Israel prize for Arabic literature; and Mahmoud Darwish, considered by many to be "the Palestinian national poet."[548] Darwish was born and raised in northern Israel, but lived his adult life abroad after joining the Palestine Liberation Organization.[citation needed]
Music and dance
Main articles: Music of Israel and Dance in Israel




Israel Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Zubin Mehta


Israeli music contains musical influences from all over the world; Mizrahi and Sephardic music, Hasidic melodies, Greek music, jazz, and pop rock are all part of the music scene.[549][550] Among Israel's world-renowned[551][552] orchestras is the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra, which has been in operation for over seventy years and today performs more than two hundred concerts each year.[553] Itzhak Perlman, Pinchas Zukerman and Ofra Haza are among the internationally acclaimed musicians born in Israel.[citation needed] Israel has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest nearly every year since 1973, winning the competition three times and hosting it twice.[554][555] Eilat has hosted its own international music festival, the Red Sea Jazz Festival, every summer since 1987.[556] Israel is home to many Palestinian musicians, including an oud group Le Trio Joubran and singer Amal Murkus. The Jerusalem Academy of Music and Dance has an advanced degree program in Arabic music, headed by oud virtuoso Taiseer Elias.[citation needed]




Celebrated Israeli ballet dancers Valery and Galina Panov, who founded the Ballet Panov, in Ashdod[557]


The nation's canonical folk songs, known as "Songs of the Land of Israel," deal with the experiences of the pioneers in building the Jewish homeland.[558] The Hora circle dance introduced by early Jewish settlers was originally popular in the kibbutzim and outlying communities. It became a symbol of the Zionist reconstruction and of the ability to experience joy amidst austerity. It now plays a significant role in modern Israeli folk dancing and is regularly performed at weddings and other celebrations, and in group dances throughout Israel.[citation needed] Modern dance in Israel is a flourishing field, and several Israeli choreographers such as Ohad Naharin and Barak Marshall and many others, are considered[by whom?] to be among the most versatile and original international creators working today. Famous Israeli companies include the Batsheva Dance Company and the Kibbutz Contemporary Dance Company.[citation needed]
Cinema and theatre
Main article: Cinema of Israel




Habima Theatre, in Tel Aviv


Ten Israeli films have been final nominees for Best Foreign Language Film at the Academy Awards since the establishment of Israel. The 2009 movie Ajami was the third consecutive nomination of an Israeli film.[559] Palestinian Israeli filmmakers have made a number of films dealing with the Arab-Israel conflict and the status of Palestinians within Israel, such as Mohammed Bakri's 2002 film Jenin, Jenin and The Syrian Bride.[citation needed]
Continuing the strong theatrical traditions of the Yiddish theatre in Eastern Europe, Israel maintains a vibrant theatre scene. Founded in 1918, Habima Theatre in Tel Aviv is Israel's oldest repertory theater company and national theater.[560]
Media
Main article: Media of Israel
The 2016 Freedom of the Press annual report by Freedom House ranked Israel as the Middle East and North Africa's most free country, and 65th globally.[561] In the 2016 Press Freedom Index by Reporters Without Borders, Israel (including "Israel extraterritorial" since 2013 ranking)[562] was placed 101st of 180 countries, and 3rd below Tunisia (at 96) and Lebanon (at 98) in the Middle East and North Africa region.[563]
Museums
For a more comprehensive list, see List of Israeli museums.




Shrine of the Book, repository of the Dead Sea Scrolls in Jerusalem


The Israel Museum in Jerusalem is one of Israel's most important cultural institutions[564] and houses the Dead Sea Scrolls,[565] along with an extensive collection of Judaica and European art.[564] Israel's national Holocaust museum, Yad Vashem, is the world central archive of Holocaust-related information.[566] Beit Hatfutsot ("The Diaspora House"), on the campus of Tel Aviv University, is an interactive museum devoted to the history of Jewish communities around the world.[567] Apart from the major museums in large cities, there are high-quality artspaces in many towns and kibbutzim. Mishkan LeOmanut in kibbutz Ein Harod Meuhad is the largest art museum in the north of the country.[568]
Israel has the highest number of museums per capita in the world.[569] Several Israeli museums are devoted to Islamic culture, including the Rockefeller Museum and the L. A. Mayer Institute for Islamic Art, both in Jerusalem. The Rockefeller specializes in archaeological remains from the Ottoman and other periods of Middle East history. It is also the home of the first hominid fossil skull found in Western Asia called Galilee Man.[570] A cast of the skull is on display at the Israel Museum.[571]
Cuisine
Main article: Israeli cuisine




A meal including falafel, hummus, French fries and Israeli salad


Israeli cuisine includes local dishes as well as Jewish cuisine brought to the country by immigrants from the diaspora. Since the establishment of the state in 1948, and particularly since the late 1970s, an Israeli fusion cuisine has developed.[572] Israeli cuisine has adopted, and continues to adapt, elements of the Mizrahi, Sephardi, and Ashkenazi styles of cooking. It incorporates many foods traditionally eaten in the Levantine, Arab, Middle Eastern and Mediterranean cuisines, such as falafel, hummus, shakshouka, couscous, and za'atar. Schnitzel, pizza, hamburgers, French fries, rice and salad are also common in Israel.[citation needed]
Roughly half of the Israeli-Jewish population attests to keeping kosher at home.[573][574] Kosher restaurants, though rare in the 1960s, make up around 25% of the total as of 2015[update], perhaps reflecting the largely secular values of those who dine out.[572] Hotel restaurants are much more likely to serve kosher food.[572] The non-kosher retail market was traditionally sparse, but grew rapidly and considerably following the influx of immigrants from the post-Soviet states during the 1990s.[575] Together with non-kosher fish, rabbits and ostriches, pork—often called "white meat" in Israel[575]—is produced and consumed, though it is forbidden by both Judaism and Islam.[576]
Sports
Main article: Sport in Israel




Teddy Stadium of Jerusalem


The most popular spectator sports in Israel are association football and basketball.[577] The Israeli Premier League is the country's premier football league, and the Israeli Basketball Premier League is the premier basketball league.[578] Maccabi Haifa, Maccabi Tel Aviv, Hapoel Tel Aviv and Beitar Jerusalem are the largest football clubs. Maccabi Tel Aviv, Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Tel Aviv have competed in the UEFA Champions League and Hapoel Tel Aviv reached the UEFA Cup quarter-finals. Israel hosted and won the 1964 AFC Asian Cup; in 1970 the Israel national football team qualified for the FIFA World Cup, the only time it participated in the World Cup. The 1974 Asian Games held in Tehran, were the last Asian Games in which Israel participated, and was plagued by the Arab countries which refused to compete with Israel. Israel was excluded from the 1978 Asian Games and since then has not competed in Asian sport events.[579] In 1994, UEFA agreed to admit Israel and its soccer teams now compete in Europe.[citation needed] Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. has won the European championship in basketball six times.[580] In 2016, the country was chosen as a host for the EuroBasket 2017.




Boris Gelfand, chess Grandmaster


Chess is a leading sport in Israel and is enjoyed by people of all ages. There are many Israeli grandmasters and Israeli chess players have won a number of youth world championships.[581] Israel stages an annual international championship and hosted the World Team Chess Championship in 2005. The Ministry of Education and the World Chess Federation agreed upon a project of teaching chess within Israeli schools, and it has been introduced into the curriculum of some schools.[582] The city of Beersheba has become a national chess center, with the game being taught in the city's kindergartens. Owing partly to Soviet immigration, it is home to the largest number of chess grandmasters of any city in the world.[583][584] The Israeli chess team won the silver medal at the 2008 Chess Olympiad[585] and the bronze, coming in third among 148 teams, at the 2010 Olympiad. Israeli grandmaster Boris Gelfand won the Chess World Cup 2009[586] and the 2011 Candidates Tournament for the right to challenge the world champion. He only lost the World Chess Championship 2012 to reigning world champion Anand after a speed-chess tie breaker.
Israel has won nine Olympic medals since its first win in 1992, including a gold medal in windsurfing at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[587] Israel has won over 100 gold medals in the Paralympic Games and is ranked 20th in the all-time medal count. The 1968 Summer Paralympics were hosted by Israel.[588] The Maccabiah Games, an Olympic-style event for Jewish and Israeli athletes, was inaugurated in the 1930s, and has been held every four years since then. Israeli tennis champion Shahar Pe'er ranked 11th in the world on 31 January 2011.[589] Krav Maga, a martial art developed by Jewish ghetto defenders during the struggle against fascism in Europe, is used by the Israeli security forces and police. Its effectiveness and practical approach to self-defense, have won it widespread admiration and adherence around the world.[590]
See also


Israel portal



Index of Israel-related articles
Outline of Israel
 Israel – Wikipedia book


Notes



^ The Jerusalem Law states that "Jerusalem, complete and united, is the capital of Israel" and the city serves as the seat of the government, home to the President's residence, government offices, supreme court, and parliament. United Nations Security Council Resolution 478 (20 August 1980; 14–0, U.S. abstaining) declared the Jerusalem Law "null and void" and called on member states to withdraw their diplomatic missions from Jerusalem. The United Nations and all member nations refuse to accept the Jerusalem Law (see Kellerman 1993, p. 140) and maintain their embassies in other cities such as Tel Aviv, Ramat Gan, and Herzliya (see the CIA Factbook and Map of Israel). The U.S. Congress subsequently adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, which said that the U.S. embassy should be relocated to Jerusalem and that it should be recognized as the capital of Israel. However, the US Justice Department Office of Legal Counsel concluded that the provisions of the act "invade exclusive presidential authorities in the field of foreign affairs and are unconstitutional". Since passage of the act, all presidents serving in office have determined that moving forward with the relocation would be detrimental to U.S. national security concerns and opted to issue waivers suspending any action on this front. The Palestinian Authority sees East Jerusalem as the capital of a future Palestinian state. The city's final status awaits future negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority (see "Negotiating Jerusalem," Palestine–Israel Journal). See Positions on Jerusalem for more information.
^ a b The majority of the international community (including the UN General Assembly, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, the International Criminal Court, and the vast majority of human rights organizations) considers Israel to be occupying Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. Gaza is still considered to be "occupied" by the United Nations, international human rights organisations, and the majority of governments and legal commentators, despite the 2005 Israeli disengagement from Gaza, due to various forms of ongoing military and economic control.[22]
The government of Israel and some supporters have, at times, disputed this position of the international community. For more details of this terminology dispute, including with respect to the current status of the Gaza Strip, see International views on the Israeli-occupied territories and Status of territories captured by Israel.
For an explanation of the differences between an annexed but disputed territory (e.g., Tibet) and a militarily occupied territory, please see the article Military occupation.
^ (פלשתינה (א״י in Hebrew (translation: Palestine (Eretz Israel))



References


^ a b c "Latest Population Statistics for Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. American–Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. January 2017. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ a b "Home page". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 20 February 2017. 
^ Population Census 2008 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2008. Retrieved 27 December 2016. 
^ a b "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects". International Monetary Fund. April 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Distribution of family income – Gini index". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 18 February 2016. 
^ a b Human Development Index and its components (Report). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Palestinian Territories". State.gov. 22 April 2008. Retrieved 26 December 2012. 
^ Skolnik 2007, pp. 132–232
^ "GaWC – The World According to GaWC 2008". Globalization and World Cities Research Network. Retrieved 1 March 2009. 
^ United Nations News Centre (28 October 2009). "Jerusalem must be capital of both Israel and Palestine, Ban says". UN News Centre. Retrieved 30 July 2015. 
^ a b "Basic Law: Jerusalem, Capital of Israel". Knesset. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ a b "Resolution 181 (II). Future government of Palestine". United Nations. 29 November 1947. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. p. 75. Retrieved 24 July 2013. " p. 75 The night of 29–30 November passed in the Yishuv’s settlements in noisy public rejoicing. Most had sat glued to their radio sets broadcasting live from Flushing Meadow. A collective cry of joy went up when the two-thirds mark was achieved: a state had been sanctioned by the international community. ; p. 396 The immediate trigger of the 1948 War was the November 1947 UN partition resolution. The Zionist movement, except for its fringes, accepted the proposal.” 
^ a b Benny Morris (2008). 1948: a history of the first Arab-Israeli war. Yale University Press. pp. 66, 67, 72. Retrieved 24 July 2013. p.66, at 1946 "The League demanded independence for Palestine as a "unitary" state, with an Arab majority and minority rights for the Jews." ; p.67, at 1947 "The League's Political Committee met in Sofar, Lebanon, on 16–19 September, and urged the Palestine Arabs to fight partition, which it called "aggression," "without mercy." The League promised them, in line with Bludan, assistance "in manpower, money and equipment" should the United Nations endorse partition." ; p. 72, at Dec 1947 "The League vowed, in very general language, "to try to stymie the partition plan and prevent the establishment of a Jewish state in Palestine 
^ a b "Declaration of Establishment of State of Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 14 May 1948. Archived from the original on 17 March 2017. Retrieved 21 March 2017. 
^ a b Gilbert 2005, p. 1
^ "The status of Jerusalem" (PDF). The Question of Palestine & the United Nations. United Nations Department of Public Information. East Jerusalem has been considered, by both the General Assembly and the Security Council, as part of the occupied Palestinian territory. 
^ "Analysis: Kadima's big plans". BBC News. 29 March 2006. Retrieved 10 October 2010. 
^ Kessner, BC (2 April 2006). "Israel's Hard-Learned Lessons". Homeland Security Today. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ Kumaraswamy, P. R. (5 June 2002). "The Legacy of Undefined Borders". Tel Aviv Notes. Retrieved 25 March 2013. 
^ Sanger, Andrew (2011). M.N. Schmitt; Louise Arimatsu; Tim McCormack, eds. "The Contemporary Law of Blockade and the Gaza Freedom Flotilla". Yearbook of International Humanitarian Law 2010. Springer Science & Business Media. 13: 429. ISBN 9789067048118. doi:10.1007/978-90-6704-811-8_14. Israel claims it no longer occupies the Gaza Strip, maintaining that it is neither a Stale nor a territory occupied or controlled by Israel, but rather it has 'sui generis' status. Pursuant to the Disengagement Plan, Israel dismantled all military institutions and settlements in Gaza and there is no longer a permanent Israeli military or civilian presence in the territory. However the Plan also provided that Israel will guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the Gaza Strip, will continue to maintain exclusive authority in Gaza air space, and will continue to exercise security activity in the sea off the coast of the Gaza Strip as well as maintaining an Israeli military presence on the Egyptian-Gaza border. and reserving the right to reenter Gaza at will.
Israel continues to control six of Gaza's seven land crossings, its maritime borders and airspace and the movement of goods and persons in and out of the territory. Egypt controls one of Gaza's land crossings. Troops from the Israeli Defence Force regularly enter pans of the territory and/or deploy missile attacks, drones and sonic bombs into Gaza. Israel has declared a no-go buffer zone that stretches deep into Gaza: if Gazans enter this zone they are shot on sight. Gaza is also dependent on israel for inter alia electricity, currency, telephone networks, issuing IDs, and permits to enter and leave the territory. Israel also has sole control of the Palestinian Population Registry through which the Israeli Army regulates who is classified as a Palestinian and who is a Gazan or West Banker. Since 2000 aside from a limited number of exceptions Israel has refused to add people to the Palestinian Population Registry.
It is this direct external control over Gaza and indirect control over life within Gaza that has led the United Nations, the UN General Assembly, the UN Fact Finding Mission to Gaza, International human rights organisations, US Government websites, the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and a significant number of legal commentators, to reject the argument that Gaza is no longer occupied. 
* Scobbie, Iain (2012). Elizabeth Wilmshurst, ed. International Law and the Classification of Conflicts. Oxford University Press. p. 295. ISBN 9780199657759. Even after the accession to power of Hamas, Israel's claim that it no longer occupies Gaza has not been accepted by UN bodies, most States, nor the majority of academic commentators because of its exclusive control of its border with Gaza and crossing points including the effective control it exerted over the Rafah crossing until at least May 2011, its control of Gaza's maritime zones and airspace which constitute what Aronson terms the 'security envelope' around Gaza, as well as its ability to intervene forcibly at will in Gaza. 
* Gawerc, Michelle (2012). Prefiguring Peace: Israeli-Palestinian Peacebuilding Partnerships. Lexington Books. p. 44. ISBN 9780739166109. While Israel withdrew from the immediate territory, Israel still controlled all access to and from Gaza through the border crossings, as well as through the coastline and the airspace. ln addition, Gaza was dependent upon Israel for water electricity sewage communication networks and for its trade (Gisha 2007. Dowty 2008). ln other words, while Israel maintained that its occupation of Gaza ended with its unilateral disengagement Palestinians – as well as many human right organizations and international bodies – argued that Gaza was by all intents and purposes still occupied. 
^ See for example:
* Hajjar, Lisa (2005). Courting Conflict: The Israeli Military Court System in the West Bank and Gaza. University of California Press. p. 96. ISBN 0520241940. The Israeli occupation of the West Bank and Gaza is the longest military occupation in modern times. 
* Anderson, Perry (July–August 2001). "Editorial: Scurrying Towards Bethlehem". New Left Review. 10. ...longest official military occupation of modern history—currently entering its thirty-fifth year 
* Makdisi, Saree (2010). Palestine Inside Out: An Everyday Occupation. W. W. Norton & Company. ISBN 9780393338447. ...longest-lasting military occupation of the modern age 
* Kretzmer, David (Spring 2012). "The law of belligerent occupation in the Supreme Court of Israel" (PDF). International Review of the Red Cross. 94 (885): 207–236. doi:10.1017/S1816383112000446. This is probably the longest occupation in modern international relations, and it holds a central place in all literature on the law of belligerent occupation since the early 1970s 
* Alexandrowicz, Ra'anan (24 January 2012), The Justice of Occupation, The New York Times, Israel is the only modern state that has held territories under military occupation for over four decades 
* Weill, Sharon (2014). The Role of National Courts in Applying International Humanitarian Law. Oxford University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9780199685424. Although the basic philosophy behind the law of military occupation is that it is a temporary situation modem occupations have well demonstrated that rien ne dure comme le provisoire A significant number of post-1945 occupations have lasted more than two decades such as the occupations of Namibia by South Africa and of East Timor by Indonesia as well as the ongoing occupations of Northern Cyprus by Turkey and of Western Sahara by Morocco. The Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, which is the longest in all occupation's history has already entered its fifth decade. 
^ a b Adriana Kemp, "Labour migration and racialisation: labour market mechanisms and labour migration control policies in Israel", Social Identities 10:2, 267–292, 2004
^ "Israel". Freedom in the World. Freedom House. 2008. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Augustus Richard Norton (2001). Civil society in the Middle East. 2 (2001). BRILL. p. 193. ISBN 90-04-10469-0. 
^ Rummel 1997, p. 257. "A current list of liberal democracies includes: Andorra, Argentina, ..., Cyprus, ..., Israel, ..."
^ "Global Survey 2006: Middle East Progress Amid Global Gains in Freedom". Freedom House. 19 December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ a b "Israel's accession to the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ a b Education at a Glance: Israel (Report). Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. 15 September 2016. Retrieved 18 January 2017. 
^ "WHO: Life expectancy in Israel among highest in the world". Haaretz. 24 May 2009. 
^ "Popular Opinion". The Palestine Post. Jerusalem. 7 December 1947. p. 1. 
^ "On the Move". Time. New York. 31 May 1948. Archived from the original on 16 October 2007. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ Levine, Robert A. (7 November 2000). "See Israel as a Jewish Nation-State, More or Less Democratic". The New York Times. Retrieved 19 January 2011. 
^ William G. Dever, Did God Have a Wife?: Archaeology and Folk Religion in Ancient Israel, Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 2005 p.186.
^ Geoffrey W. Bromiley, 'Israel,' in International Standard Bible Encyclopedia: E-J,Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing, 1995 p.907.
^ R. L. Ottley, The Religion of Israel: A Historical Sketch, Cambridge University Press, 2013 pp.31–2 note 5.
^ Wells, John C. (1990). Longman pronunciation dictionary. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 381. ISBN 0-582-05383-8.  entry "Jacob".
^ "And he said, Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel: for as a prince hast thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." (Genesis, 32:28, 35:10). See also Hosea 12:5.
^ Exodus 12:40–41
^ Exodus 6:16–20
^ Barton & Bowden 2004, p. 126. "The Merneptah Stele ... is arguably the oldest evidence outside the Bible for the existence of Israel as early as the 13th century BCE."
^ Noah Rayman (29 September 2014). "Mandatory Palestine: What It Was and Why It Matters". TIME. Retrieved 5 December 2015. 
^ Tchernov, Eitan (1988). "The Age of 'Ubeidiya Formation (Jordan Valley, Israel) and the Earliest Hominids in the Levant". Paléorient. 14 (2): 63–65. doi:10.3406/paleo.1988.4455. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Rincon, Paul (14 October 2015). "Fossil teeth place humans in Asia '20,000 years early'". BBC News. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ Bar-Yosef, Ofer (7 December 1998). "The Natuﬁan Culture in the Levant, Threshold to the Origins of Agriculture" (PDF). Evolutionary Anthropology. 6 (5): 159–177. doi:10.1002/(SICI)1520-6505(1998)6:5<159::AID-EVAN4>3.0.CO;2-7. Retrieved 4 January 2017. 
^ a b c d Finkelstein, Israel; Silberman, Neil Asher (2001). The Bible unearthed : archaeology's new vision of ancient Israel and the origin of its stories (1st Touchstone ed. ed.). New York: Simon & Schuster. ISBN 0-684-86912-8. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ Dever, William (2001). What Did the Biblical Writers Know, and When Did They Know It?. Eerdmans. pp. 98–99. ISBN 3-927120-37-5. After a century of exhaustive investigation, all respectable archaeologists have given up hope of recovering any context that would make Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob credible "historical figures" [...] archaeological investigation of Moses and the Exodus has similarly been discarded as a fruitless pursuit. 
^ Miller, James Maxwell; Hayes, John Haralson (1986). A History of Ancient Israel and Judah. Westminster John Knox Press. ISBN 0-664-21262-X. 
^ Lehman in Vaughn 1992, pp. 156–62.[full citation needed]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 70.
^ Miller 2012, p. 98.
^ McNutt 1999, p. 72.
^ Miller 2012, p. 99.
^ Miller 2012, p. 105.
^ Tubb, 1998. pp. 13–14
^ Mark Smith in "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" states "Despite the long regnant model that the Canaanites and Israelites were people of fundamentally different culture, archaeological data now casts doubt on this view. The material culture of the region exhibits numerous common points between Israelites and Canaanites in the Iron I period (c. 1200–1000 BCE). The record would suggest that the Israelite culture largely overlapped with and derived from Canaanite culture... In short, Israelite culture was largely Canaanite in nature. Given the information available, one cannot maintain a radical cultural separation between Canaanites and Israelites for the Iron I period." (pp. 6–7). Smith, Mark (2002) "The Early History of God: Yahweh and Other Deities of Ancient Israel" (Eerdman's)
^ Rendsberg, Gary (2008). "Israel without the Bible". In Frederick E. Greenspahn. The Hebrew Bible: New Insights and Scholarship. NYU Press, pp. 3–5
^ Gnuse 1997, pp.28,31[title missing]
^ McNutt 1999, p. 35.
^ Bloch-Smith, Elizabeth (2003). "Israelite Ethnicity in Iron I: Archaeology Preserves What Is Remembered and What Is Forgotten in Israel's History". Journal of Biblical Literature. 122 (3): 401–425. ISSN 0021-9231. JSTOR 3268384. doi:10.2307/3268384. Retrieved 2017-07-16. 
^ Lipschits, Oded (2014). "The History of Israel in the Biblical Period". In Berlin, Adele; Brettler, Marc Zvi. The Jewish Study Bible (2nd ed.). Oxford University Press. ISBN 9780199978465. 
^ a b Kuhrt, Amiele (1995). The Ancient Near East. Routledge. p. 438. ISBN 978-0415167628. 
^ a b Wright, Jacob L. (July 2014). "David, King of Judah (Not Israel)". The Bible and Interpretation. 
^ K. L. Noll, Canaan and Israel in Antiquity: A Textbook on History and Religion, A&C Black, 2012, rev.ed. pp.137ff.
^ Thomas L. Thompson, Early History of the Israelite People: From the Written & Archaeological Sources, BRILL, 2000 pp. 275–76: 'They are rather a very specific group among the population of Palestine which bears a name that occurs here for the first time that at a much later stage in Palestine's history bears a substantially different signification.'
^ The personal name "Israel" appears much earlier, in material from Ebla. Hasel, Michael G. (1994-01-01). "Israel in the Merneptah Stela". Bulletin of the American Schools of Oriental Research (296): 45–61. JSTOR 1357179. doi:10.2307/1357179. ; Bertman, Stephen (2005-07-14). Handbook to Life in Ancient Mesopotamia. OUP USA. ISBN 9780195183641.  and Meindert Dijkstra (2010). "Origins of Israel between history and ideology". In Becking, Bob; Grabbe, Lester. Between Evidence and Ideology Essays on the History of Ancient Israel read at the Joint Meeting of the Society for Old Testament Study and the Oud Testamentisch Werkgezelschap Lincoln, July 2009. Brill. p. 47. ISBN 9789004187375. As a West Semitic personal name it existed long before it became a tribal or a geographical name. This is not without significance, though is it rarely mentioned. We learn of a maryanu named ysr"il (*Yi¡sr—a"ilu) from Ugarit living in the same period, but the name was already used a thousand years before in Ebla. The word Israel originated as a West Semitic personal name. One of the many names that developed into the name of the ancestor of a clan, of a tribe and finally of a people and a nation. 
^ Jonathan M Golden,Ancient Canaan and Israel: An Introduction, OUP USA, 2009 pp. 3–4.
^ Lemche, Niels Peter (1998). The Israelites in History and Tradition. Westminster John Knox Press. p. 35. ISBN 9780664227272. 
^ The Pitcher Is Broken: Memorial Essays for Gosta W. Ahlstrom, Steven W. Holloway, Lowell K. Handy, Continuum, 1 May 1995 Quote: "For Israel, the description of the battle of Qarqar in the Kurkh Monolith of Shalmaneser III (mid-ninth century) and for Judah, a Tiglath-pileser III text mentioning (Jeho-) Ahaz of Judah (IIR67 = K. 3751), dated 734-733, are the earliest published to date."
^ Broshi, Maguen (2001). Bread, Wine, Walls and Scrolls. Bloomsbury Publishing. p. 174. ISBN 1-84127-201-9. 
^ "British Museum – Cuneiform tablet with part of the Babylonian Chronicle (605–594 BCE)". Archived from the original on 30 October 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ See http://www.livius.org/cg-cm/chronicles/abc5/jerusalem.html reverse side, line 12.
^ a b "Second Temple Period (538 BCE. to 70 CE) Persian Rule". Biu.ac.il. Retrieved 2014-03-15. 
^ Harper's Bible Dictionary, ed. by Achtemeier, etc., Harper & Row, San Francisco, 1985, p.103
^ Cite error: The named reference Grabbe355 was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
^ Oppenheimer, A'haron and Oppenheimer, Nili. Between Rome and Babylon: Studies in Jewish Leadership and Society. Mohr Siebeck, 2005, p. 2.
^ Cohn-Sherbok, Dan (1996). Atlas of Jewish History. Routledge. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-415-08800-8. 
^ Lehmann, Clayton Miles (18 January 2007). "Palestine". Encyclopedia of the Roman Provinces. University of South Dakota. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ Morçöl 2006, p. 304
^ Judaism in late antiquity, Jacob Neusner, Bertold Spuler, Hady R Idris, BRILL, 2001, p. 155
^ Gil, Moshe (1997). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 978-0-521-59984-9. 
^ Allan D. Cooper (2009). The geography of genocide. University Press of America. p. 132. ISBN 978-0-7618-4097-8. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Carmel, Alex. The History of Haifa Under Turkish Rule. Haifa: Pardes, 2002 (ISBN 965-7171-05-9), pp. 16–17
^ Moshe Gil (1992). A History of Palestine, 634–1099. Cambridge University Press. p. 829. ISBN 9780521404372. Retrieved 17 May 2015. Haifa was taken [...] in August 1100 or June 1101, according to Muslim sources which contradict one another. Albert of Aachen does not mention the date in a clear manner either. From what he says, it appears that it was mainly the Jewish inhabitants of the city who defended the fortress of Haifa. In his rather strange Latin style, he mentions that there was a Jewish population in Haifa, and that they fought bravely within the walls of the city. He explains that the Jews there were protected people of the Muslims (the Fatimids). They fought side by side with units of the Fatimid army, striking back at Tancred's army from above the walls of the citadel (... Judaei civis comixtis Sarracenorum turmis) until the Crusaders overcame them and they were forced to abandon the walls. The Muslims and the Jews then managed to escape from the fortress with their lives, while the rest of the population fled the city en masse. Whoever remained was slaughtered, and huge quantities of spoils were taken. [...] [Note #3: Albert of Aachen (Albericus, Albertus Aquensis), Historia Hierosolymitanae Expeditionis, in: RHC (Occ.), IV. p. 523; etc.] 
^ Irven M. Resnick (1 June 2012). Marks of Distinctions: Christian Perceptions of Jews in the High Middle Ages. CUA Press. pp. 48–49. ISBN 978-0-8132-1969-1. citizens of the Jewish race, who lived in the city by the favour and consent of the king of Egypt in return for payment of tribute, got on the walls bearing arms and put up a very stubborn defence, until the Christians, weighed down by various blows over the period of two weeks, absolutely despaired and held back their hands from any attack. [...] the Jewish citizens, mixed with Saracen troops, at once fought back manfully,... and counter-attacked. [Albert of Aachen, Historia Ierosolimitana 7.23, ed. and transl. Susan B. Edgington (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 2007), 516 and 521.] 
^ Joshua Prawer. The Jews of the Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem. pp. 34–40. 
^ The Abuhav Synagogue, Jewish Virtual Library.
^ Sefer HaCharedim Mitzvat Tshuva Chapter 3. Maimonides established a yearly holiday for himself and his sons, 6 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he went up to pray on the Temple Mount, and another, 9 Cheshvan, commemorating the day he merited to pray at the Cave of the Patriarchs in Hebron.
^ Abraham P. Bloch (1987). "Sultan Saladin Opens Jerusalem to Jews". One a day: an anthology of Jewish historical anniversaries for every day of the year. KTAV Publishing House, Inc. p. 277. ISBN 978-0-88125-108-1. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Benzion Dinur (1974). "From Bar Kochba's Revolt to the Turkish Conquest". In David Ben-Gurion. The Jews in their Land. Aldus Books. p. 217. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Geoffrey Hindley (28 February 2007). Saladin: hero of Islam. Pen & Sword Military. p. xiii. ISBN 978-1-84415-499-9. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Alex Carmel; Peter Schäfer; Yossi Ben-Artzi (1990). The Jewish settlement in Palestine, 634–1881. L. Reichert. p. 31. ISBN 978-3-88226-479-1. Retrieved 21 December 2011. 
^ Samson ben Abraham of Sens, Jewish Encyclopedia.
^ Moshe Lichtman (September 2006). Eretz Yisrael in the Parshah: The Centrality of the Land of Israel in the Torah. Devora Publishing. p. 302. ISBN 978-1-932687-70-5. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ a b Kramer, Gudrun (2008). A History of Palestine: From the Ottoman Conquest to the Founding of the State of Israel. Princeton University Press. p. 376. ISBN 978-0-691-11897-0. 
^ M. Sharon (2010). "Al Khalil". Encyclopedia of Islam, Second Edition. Koninklijke Brill NV. 
^ International Dictionary of Historic Places: Middle East and Africa by Trudy Ring, Robert M. Salkin, Sharon La Boda, pp. 336–339
^ Dan Bahat (1976). Twenty centuries of Jewish life in the Holy Land: the forgotten generations. Israel Economist. p. 48. Retrieved 23 December 2011. 
^ Fannie Fern Andrews (February 1976). The Holy Land under mandate. Hyperion Press. p. 145. ISBN 978-0-88355-304-6. Retrieved 25 December 2011. 
^ "The Covenant of the League of Nations". Article 22. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Mandate for Palestine," Encyclopaedia Judaica, Vol. 11, p. 862, Keter Publishing House, Jerusalem, 1972
^ Rosenzweig 1997, p. 1 "Zionism, the urge of the Jewish people to return to Palestine, is almost as ancient as the Jewish diaspora itself. Some Talmudic statements ... Almost a millennium later, the poet and philosopher Yehuda Halevi ... In the 19th century ..."
^ a b Geoffrey Wigoder, G.G. (ed.). "Return to Zion". The New Encyclopedia of Judaism (via Answers.Com). The Jerusalem Publishing House. Retrieved 8 March 2010. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ "An invention called 'the Jewish people'". Haaretz. Archived from the original on 18 April 2010. Retrieved 9 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 2. "Jews sought a new homeland here after their expulsions from Spain (1492) ..."
^ Eisen, Yosef (2004). Miraculous journey: a complete history of the Jewish people from creation to the present. Targum Press. p. 700. ISBN 1-56871-323-1. 
^ Morgenstern, Arie (2006). Hastening redemption: Messianism and the resettlement of the land of Israel. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 304. ISBN 978-0-19-530578-4. 
^ "Jewish and Non-Jewish Population of Palestine-Israel (1517–2004)". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2010. 
^ Barnai, Jacob (1992). The Jews in Palestine in the Eighteenth Century: Under the Patronage of the Istanbul committee of Officials for Palestine. University Alabama Press. p. 320. ISBN 978-0-8173-0572-7. 
^ a b c d "Immigration to Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 29 March 2012.  The source provides information on the First, Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Aliyot in their respective articles. The White Paper leading to Aliyah Bet is discussed "Aliyah During World War II and its Aftermath". 
^ Kornberg 1993 "How did Theodor Herzl, an assimilated German nationalist in the 1880s, suddenly in the 1890s become the founder of Zionism?"
^ Herzl 1946, p. 11
^ "Chapter One". The Jewish Agency for Israel1. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Stein 2003, p. 88. "As with the First Aliyah, most Second Aliyah migrants were non-Zionist orthodox Jews ..."
^ Romano 2003, p. 30
^ Macintyre, Donald (26 May 2005). "The birth of modern Israel: A scrap of paper that changed history". The Independent. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yapp, M.E. (1987). The Making of the Modern Near East 1792–1923. Harlow, England: Longman. p. 290. ISBN 0-582-49380-3. 
^ Schechtman, Joseph B. (2007). "Jewish Legion". Encyclopaedia Judaica. 11. Detroit: Macmillan Reference USA. p. 304. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ Scharfstein 1996, p. 269. "During the First and Second Aliyot, there were many Arab attacks against Jewish settlements ... In 1920, Hashomer was disbanded and Haganah ("The Defense") was established."
^ "League of Nations: The Mandate for Palestine, July 24, 1922". Modern History Sourcebook. Fordham University. 24 July 1922. Retrieved 27 August 2007. 
^ Shaw, J. V. W. (January 1991) [1946]. "Chapter VI: Population". A Survey of Palestine. Volume I: Prepared in December 1945 and January 1946 for the information of the Anglo-American Committee of Inquiry (Reprint ed.). Washington, D.C.: Institute for Palestine Studies. p. 148. ISBN 978-0-88728-213-3. OCLC 22345421. Lay summary. 
^ "Report to the League of Nations on Palestine and Transjordan, 1937". British Government. 1937. Archived from the original on 23 September 2013. Retrieved 14 July 2013. 
^ Walter Laqueur (2009-07-01). A History of Zionism: From the French Revolution to the Establishment of the State of Israel. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 9780307530851. Retrieved 2015-10-15. 
^ Hughes, M (2009). "The banality of brutality: British armed forces and the repression of the Arab Revolt in Palestine, 1936–39". English Historical Review. CXXIV (507): 314–354. doi:10.1093/ehr/cep002. 
^ Khalidi, Walid (1987). From Haven to Conquest: Readings in Zionism and the Palestine Problem Until 1948. Institute for Palestine Studies. ISBN 978-0-88728-155-6
^ "The Population of Palestine Prior to 1948". MidEastWeb. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Fraser 2004, p. 27
^ The Terrorism Ahead: Confronting Transnational Violence in the Twenty-First | By Paul J. Smith | M.E. Sharpe, 10 Sep 2007 | pg 27
^ Encyclopedia of Terrorism, Harvey W. Kushner, Sage, 2003 p.181
^ Encyclopædia Britannica article on the Irgun Zvai Leumi
^ The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. William Roger Louis, Oxford University Press, 1986, p. 430
^ a b c Clarke, Thurston. By Blood and Fire, G. P. Puttnam's Sons, New York, 1981
^ a b Bethell, Nicholas (1979). The Palestine Triangle. Andre Deutsch. 
^ Hoffman, Bruce (1999). Inside Terrorism. Columbia University Press. pp. 48–52. 
^ "A/RES/106 (S-1)". General Assembly resolution. United Nations. 15 May 1947. Archived from the original on 6 August 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "A/364". Special Committee on Palestine. United Nations. 3 September 1947. Archived from the original on 10 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Background Paper No. 47 (ST/DPI/SER.A/47)". United Nations. 20 April 1949. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 40–41
^ Gelber, Yoav (2006). Palestine 1948. Brighton: Sussex Academic Press. p. 17. ISBN 978-1-902210-67-4. 
^ Morris, 2008, p. 77-78
^ Tal, David (2003). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 471. ISBN 978-0-7146-5275-7. 
^ Morris, Benny (2008). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. New Haven, Conn.: Yale University Press. ISBN 0-300-15112-8. 
^ Clifford, Clark, "Counsel to the President: A Memoir", 1991, p. 20.
^ Jacobs, Frank (7 August 2012). "The Elephant in the Map Room". Borderlines. The New York Times. Retrieved 3 September 2012. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. p. 50. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1058
^ Morris, 2008, p. 205[title missing]
^ Rabinovich, Itamar; Reinharz, Jehuda (2007). Israel in the Middle East: Documents and Readings on Society, Politics, and Foreign Relations, Pre-1948 to the Present. Brandeis. p. 74. ISBN 978-0-87451-962-4. 
^ David Tal (24 June 2004). War in Palestine, 1948: Israeli and Arab Strategy and Diplomacy. Routledge. p. 469. ISBN 978-1-135-77513-1. some of the Arab armies invaded Palestine in order to prevent the establishment of a Jewish state, Transjordan... 
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 396. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. The Arab war aim, in both stages of the hostilities, was, at a minimum, to abort the emergence of a Jewish state or to destroy it at inception. The Arab states hoped to accomplish this by conquering all or large parts of the territory allotted to the Jews by the United Nations. And some Arab leaders spoke of driving the Jews into the sea19 and ridding Palestine "of the Zionist plague."20 The struggle, as the Arabs saw it, was about the fate of Palestine/ the Land of Israel, all of it, not over this or that part of the country. But, in public, official Arab spokesmen often said that the aim of the May 1948 invasion was to "save" Palestine or "save the Palestinians," definitions more agreeable to Western ears.  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 187. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. A week before the armies marched, Azzam told Kirkbride: "It does not matter how many [ Jews] there are. We will sweep them into the sea." ... Ahmed Shukeiry, one of Haj Amin al-Husseini's aides (and, later, the founding chairman of the Palestine Liberation Organization), simply described the aim as "the elimination of the Jewish state." ...al-Quwwatli told his people: "Our army has entered ... we shall win and we shall eradicate Zionism)  
^ Benny Morris (1 April 2009). 1948: A History of the First Arab-Israeli War. Yale University Press. p. 198. ISBN 978-0-300-15112-1. the Jews felt that the Arabs aimed to reenact the Holocaust and that they faced certain personal and collective slaughter should they lose  
^ "PDF copy of Cablegram from the Secretary-General of the League of Arab States to the Secretary-General of the United Nations: S/745: 15 May 1948". Un.org. 9 September 2002. Archived from the original on 7 January 2014. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Karsh, Efraim (2002). The Arab–Israeli conflict: The Palestine War 1948. Osprey Publishing. ISBN 978-1-84176-372-9. 
^ Morris, Benny. The Birth of the Palestinian Refugee Problem Revisited. Cambridge University Press. p. 602. ISBN 978-0-521-00967-6. 
^ "Two Hundred and Seventh Plenary Meeting". The United Nations. 11 May 1949. Archived from the original on 12 September 2007. Retrieved 13 July 2007. 
^ William Roger Louis (1984). The British Empire in the Middle East, 1945–1951: Arab Nationalism, the United States, and Postwar Imperialism. Clarendon Press. p. 579. ISBN 978-0-19-822960-5. The transcript makes it clear that British policy acted as a brake on Jordan." "King Abdullah was personally anxious to come to agreement with Israel", Kirkbride stated, and in fact it was our restraining influence which had so far prevented him from doing so." Knox Helm confirmed that the Israelis hoped to have a settlement with Jordan, and that they now genuinely wished to live peacefully within their frontiers, if only for economic reasons 
^ Lustick 1988, pp. 37–39
^ "Israel (Labor Zionism)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Kibbutz & Moshav: History & Overview". Jewish Virtual Library. Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 17 June 2014. 
^ Anita Shapira (1992). Land and Power. Stanford University Press. pp. 416, 419. 
^ Segev, Tom. 1949: The First Israelis. "The First Million". Trans. Arlen N. Weinstein. New York: The Free Press, 1986. Print. p 105-107
^ Shulewitz, Malka Hillel (2001). The Forgotten Millions: The Modern Jewish Exodus from Arab Lands. Continuum. ISBN 978-0-8264-4764-7. 
^ Laskier, Michael "Egyptian Jewry under the Nasser Regime, 1956–70" pages 573–619 from Middle Eastern Studies, Volume 31, Issue # 3, July 1995 page 579.
^ a b "Population, by Religion and Population Group" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 7 August 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell (2003). The Founding of the State of Israel. Greenhaven Press. p. 15. 
^ Hakohen, Devorah (2003). Immigrants in Turmoil: Mass Immigration to Israel and Its Repercussions in the 1950s and After. Syracuse University Press. ISBN 978-0-8156-2969-6. ; for ma'abarot population, see p. 269.
^ Clive Jones, Emma Murphy, Israel: Challenges to Identity, Democracy, and the State, Routledge 2002 p. 37: "Housing units earmarked for the Oriental Jews were often reallocated to European Jewish immigrants; Consigning Oriental Jews to the privations of ma'aborot (transit camps) for longer periods."
^ Segev 2007, pp. 155–157
^ Shindler 2002, pp. 49–50
^ Kameel B. Nasr (1 December 1996). Arab and Israeli Terrorism: The Causes and Effects of Political Violence, 1936–1993. McFarland. pp. 40–. ISBN 978-0-7864-3105-2. Fedayeen to attack...almost always against civilians 
^ Gilbert 2005, p. 58
^ Isaac Alteras (1993). Eisenhower and Israel: U.S.-Israeli Relations, 1953–1960. University Press of Florida. pp. 192–. ISBN 978-0-8130-1205-6. the removal of the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran at the entrance of the Gulf of Aqaba. The blockade closed Israel's sea lane to East Africa and the Far East, hindering the development of Israel's southern port of Eilat and its hinterland, the Nege. Another important objective of the Israeli war plan was the elimination of the terrorist bases in the Gaza Strip, from which daily fedayeen incursions into Israel made life unbearable for its southern population. And last but not least, the concentration of the Egyptian forces in the Sinai Peninsula, armed with the newly acquired weapons from the Soviet bloc, prepared for an attack on Israel. Here, Ben-Gurion believed, was a time bomb that had to be defused before it was too late. Reaching the Suez Canal did not figure at all in Israel's war objectives.  
^ Dominic Joseph Caraccilo (January 2011). Beyond Guns and Steel: A War Termination Strategy. ABC-CLIO. pp. 113–. ISBN 978-0-313-39149-1. The escalation continued with the Egyptian blockade of the Straits of Tiran, and Nasser's nationalization of the Suez Canal in July 1956. On October 14, Nasser made clear his intent:"I am not solely fighting against Israel itself. My task is to deliver the Arab world from destruction through Israel's intrigue, which has its roots abroad. Our hatred is very strong. There is no sense in talking about peace with Israel. There is not even the smallest place for negotiations." Less than two weeks later, on October 25, Egypt signed a tripartite agreement with Syria and Jordan placing Nasser in command of all three armies. The continued blockade of the Suez Canal and Gulf of Aqaba to Israeli shipping, combined with the increased fedayeen attacks and the bellicosity of recent Arab statements, prompted Israel, with the backing of Britain and France, to attack Egypt on October 29, 1956. 
^ Alan Dowty (20 June 2005). Israel/Palestine. Polity. pp. 102–. ISBN 978-0-7456-3202-5. Gamal Abdel Nasser, who declared in one speech that "Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death."...The level of violence against Israelis, soldiers and civilians alike, seemed to be rising inexorably. 
^ "The Jewish Virtual Library, The Sinai-Suez Campaign: Background & Overview". In 1955, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser began to import arms from the Soviet Bloc to build his arsenal for the confrontation with Israel. In the short-term, however, he employed a new tactic to prosecute Egypt's war with Israel. He announced it on August 31, 1955: Egypt has decided to dispatch her heroes, the disciples of Pharaoh and the sons of Islam and they will cleanse the land of Palestine....There will be no peace on Israel's border because we demand vengeance, and vengeance is Israel's death. These "heroes" were Arab terrorists, or fedayeen, trained and equipped by Egyptian Intelligence to engage in hostile action on the border and infiltrate Israel to commit acts of sabotage and murder. 
^ Schoenherr, Steven (15 December 2005). "The Suez Crisis". Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ Gorst, Anthony; Johnman, Lewis (1997). The Suez Crisis. Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-11449-3. 
^ Benny Morris (25 May 2011). Righteous Victims: A History of the Zionist-Arab Conflict, 1881–1998. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. pp. 300, 301. ISBN 978-0-307-78805-4. (p. 300) In exchange (for Israeli withdrawal) the United states had indirectly promised to guarantee Israel's right of passage through the straits (to the Red sea) and its right to self defense if the Egyptian closed them....(p 301) The 1956 war resulted in a significant reduction of...Israeli border tension. Egypt refrained from reactivating the Fedaeen, and...Egypt and Jordan made great effort to curb infiltration 
^ "National insurance institute of Israel, Hostile Action Casualties" (in Hebrew). list of people who were kiled in hostile action: 53 In 1956, 19 in 1957, 15 in 1958 
^ "jewish virtual library, Terrorism Against Israel: Number of Fatalities". 53 at 1956, 19 at 1957, 15 at 1958 
^ "Jewish virtual library, MYTH "Israel's military strike in 1956 was unprovoked."". Israeli Ambassador to the UN Abba Eban explained ... As a result of these actions of Egyptian hostility within Israel, 364 Israelis were wounded and 101 killed. In 1956 alone, as a result of this aspect of Egyptian aggression, 28 Israelis were killed and 127 wounded. 
^ "Adolf Eichmann". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 18 September 2007. 
^ Cole 2003, p. 27. "... the Eichmann trial, which did so much to raise public awareness of the Holocaust ..."
^ Shlomo Shpiro (2006). "No place to hide: Intelligence and civil liberties in Israel". Cambridge Review of International Affairs. 19 (44): 629–648. doi:10.1080/09557570601003361. 
^ "The Politics of Miscalculation in the Middle East", by Richard B. Parker (1993 Indiana University Press) pp. 38
^ Maoz, Moshe (1995). Syria and Israel: From War to Peacemaking. USA: Oxford University Press. p. 70. ISBN 978-0-19-828018-7. 
^ "On This Day 5 Jun". BBC. 5 June 1967. Retrieved 26 December 2011. 
^ Segev 2007, p. 178
^ Gat, Moshe (2003). Britain and the Conflict in the Middle East, 1964–1967: The Coming of the Six-Day War. Greenwood Publishing Group. p. 202. ISBN 0275975142. 
^ John Quigley, The Six-Day War and Israeli Self-Defense: Questioning the Legal Basis for Preventive War, Cambridge University Press, 2013, p. 32.
^ Samir A. Mutawi (18 July 2002). Jordan in the 1967 War. Cambridge University Press. p. 93. ISBN 978-0-521-52858-0. Although Eshkol denounced the Egyptians, his response to this development was a model of moderation. His speech on 21 May demanded that Nasser withdraw his forces from Sinai but made no mention of the removal of UNEF from the Straits nor of what Israel would do if they were closed to Israeli shipping. The next day Nasser announced to an astonished world that henceforth the Straits were, indeed, closed to all Israeli ships 
^ Segev 2007, p. 289
^ Smith 2006, p. 126. "Nasser, the Egyptian president, decided to mass troops in the Sinai ... casus belli by Israel."
^ Bennet, James (13 March 2005). "The Interregnum". The New York Times Magazine. Retrieved 11 February 2010. 
^ "Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs – The Palestinian National Covenant- July 1968". Mfa.gov.il. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Silke, Andrew (2004). Research on Terrorism: Trends, Achievements and Failures. Routledge. p. 149 (256 pages). ISBN 978-0-7146-8273-0. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Gilbert, Martin (2002). The Routledge Atlas of the Arab–Israeli Conflict: The Complete History of the Struggle and the Efforts to Resolve It. Routledge. p. 82. ISBN 978-0-415-28116-4. Retrieved 8 March 2010. 
^ Andrews, Edmund; Kifner, John (27 January 2008). "George Habash, Palestinian Terrorism Tactician, Dies at 82". The New York Times. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "1973: Arab states attack Israeli forces". On This Day. The BBC. 6 October 1973. Retrieved 15 July 2007. 
^ "Agranat Commission". Knesset. 2008. Retrieved 8 April 2010. 
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 169–170 "In hindsight we can say that 1977 was a turning point ..."
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 171–174
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186–187
^ Bregman 2002, pp. 186
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 356. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ Lustick, Ian (1997). "Has Israel Annexed East Jerusalem?" (PDF). Middle East Policy. Washington, D.C.: Wiley-Blackwell. V (1): 34–45. ISSN 1061-1924. OCLC 4651987544. doi:10.1111/j.1475-4967.1997.tb00247.x. Retrieved 1 June 2013. 
^ See for example UN General Assembly resolution 63/30, passed 163 for, 6 against "Resolution adopted by the General Assembly". 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 3 January 2011. 
^ "Golan Heights profile". BBC News. 27 November 2015. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ Friedberg, Rachel M. (November 2001). "The Impact of Mass Migration on the Israeli Labor Market" (PDF). The Quarterly Journal of Economics. 116 (4): 1373–1408. doi:10.1162/003355301753265606. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 199
^ Tessler, Mark A. (1994). A History of the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. Indiana University Press. p. 677. ISBN 978-0-253-20873-6. 
^ Stone & Zenner 1994, p. 246. "Toward the end of 1991 ... were the result of internal Palestinian terror."
^ Haberman, Clyde (9 December 1991). "After 4 Years, Intifada Still Smolders". The New York Times. Retrieved 28 March 2008. 
^ Mowlana, Gerbner & Schiller 1992, p. 111
^ Bregman 2002, p. 236
^ "From the End of the Cold War to 2001". Boston College. Archived from the original on 27 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The Oslo Accords, 1993". U.S. Department of State. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ "Israel-PLO Recognition – Exchange of Letters between PM Rabin and Chairman Arafat – Sept 9- 1993". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ Harkavy & Neuman 2001, p. 270. "Even though Jordan in 1994 became the second country, after Egypt to sign a peace treaty with Israel ..."
^ "Sources of Population Growth: Total Israeli Population and Settler Population, 1991–2003". Settlements information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kurtzer, Daniel; Lasensky, Scott (2008). Negotiating Arab-Israeli peace: American leadership in the Middle East. United States Institute of Peace Press. p. 44. ISBN 978-1-60127-030-6. 
^ Cleveland, William L. (1999). A history of the modern Middle East. Westview Press. p. 494. ISBN 978-0-8133-3489-9. 
^ "Israel marks Rabin assassination". BBC News. 12 November 2005. 
^ Bregman 2002, p. 257
^ "The Wye River Memorandum". U.S. Department of State. 23 October 1998. Archived from the original on 24 December 1999. Retrieved 30 March 2010. 
^ Gelvin 2005, p. 240
^ Gross, Tom (16 January 2014). "The big myth: that he caused the Second Intifada". The Jewish Chronicle. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Hong, Nicole (23 February 2015). "Jury Finds Palestinian Authority, PLO Liable for Terrorist Attacks in Israel a Decade Ago". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 22 April 2016. 
^ Ain, Stewart (20 December 2000). "PA: Intifada Was Planned". The Jewish Week. Archived from the original on 13 October 2007. 
^ Samuels, David (1 September 2005). "In a Ruined Country". The Atlantic. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "West Bank barrier route disputed, Israeli missile kills 2". USA Today. 29 July 2004. Archived from the original on 20 October 2012. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ Harel, Amos; Issacharoff, Avi (1 October 2010). "Years of rage". Haaretz. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ King, Laura (28 September 2004). "Losing Faith in the Intifada". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Diehl, Jackson (27 September 2004). "From Jenin To Fallujah?". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Amidror, Yaakov. "Winning Counterinsurgency War: The Israeli Experience" (PDF). Strategic Perspectives. Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Pipes, Daniel (14 September 2008). "Must Counterinsurgency Wars Fail?". The Washington Times. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Frisch, Hillel (12 January 2009). "The Need for a Decisive Israeli Victory Over Hamas". Perspectives Papers on Current Affairs. Begin-Sadat Center for Strategic Studies. Archived from the original on 14 June 2012. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Buchris, Ofek (9 March 2006). "The "Defensive Shield" Operation as a Turning Point in Israel's National Security Strategy" (PDF). Strategy Research Project. United States Army War College. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Krauthammer, Charles (18 June 2004). "Israel's Intifada Victory". The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Plocker, Sever (22 June 2008). "2nd Intifada forgotten". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Ya'alon, Moshe (January 2007). "Lessons from the Palestinian 'War' against Israel" (PDF). Policy Focus. Washington Institute for Near East Policy. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Hendel, Yoaz (20 September 2010). "Letting the IDF win". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 August 2012. ; Zvi Shtauber; Yiftah Shapir (2006). The Middle East strategic balance, 2004–2005. Sussex Academic Press. p. 7. ISBN 978-1-84519-108-5. Retrieved 12 February 2012. 
^ https://www.jewishvirtuallibrary.org/jsource/Terrorism/victims.html#2000; The Psychology of Strategic Terrorism: Public and Government Responses to Attack, Shepherd, Ben, p. 172
^ "Fatalities before Operation "Cast Lead"". B'Tselem. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "Security Council Calls for End to Hostilities between Hizbollah, Israel, Unanimously Adopting Resolution 1701 (2006)". United Nations Security Council Resolution 1701. 11 August 2006. 
Escalation of hostilities in Lebanon and in Israel since Hizbollah's attack on Israel on 12 July 2006
^ Harel, Amos (13 July 2006). "Hezbollah kills 8 soldiers, kidnaps two in offensive on northern border". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Koutsoukis, Jason (5 January 2009). "Battleground Gaza: Israeli ground forces invade the strip". Sydney Morning Herald. Retrieved 5 January 2009. 
^ Ravid, Barak (18 January 2009). "IDF begins Gaza troop withdrawal, hours after ending 3-week offensive". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Azoulay, Yuval (1 January 2009). "Two IDF soldiers, civilian lightly hurt as Gaza mortars hit Negev". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Lappin, Yaakov; Lazaroff, Tovah (12 November 2012). "Gaza groups pound Israel with over 100 rockets". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ Stephanie Nebehay (20 November 2012). "UN rights boss, Red Cross urge Israel, Hamas to spare civilians". Reuters. Retrieved 20 November 2012. ; al-Mughrabi, Nidal (24 November 2012). "Hamas leader defiant as Israel eases Gaza curbs". Reuters. Retrieved 8 February 2013. ; "Israeli air strike kills top Hamas commander Jabari". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 14 November 2012. 
^ "Israel and Hamas Trade Attacks as Tension Rises". The New York Times. 8 July 2014. 
^ Cohen, Gili (9 January 2012). "Israel Navy to devote majority of missile boats to secure offshore drilling rafts". Haaretz. 
^ "Area of Districts, Sub-Districts, Natural Regions and Lakes". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 11 September 2012. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel (Geography)". Country Studies. Library of Congress. 7 May 2009. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ "The Coastal Plain". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ "The Living Dead Sea". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 April 1999. ISBN 0-8264-0406-5. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ Makhteshim Country. UNESCO. ISBN 954-642-135-9. Retrieved 19 September 2007. 
^ Jacobs 1998, p. 284. "The extraordinary Makhtesh Ramon – the largest natural crater in the world ..." "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2 April 2015. Retrieved 2016-02-24. 
^ "Makhtesh Ramon". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 12 February 2010. 
^ Rinat, Zafrir (29 May 2008). "More endangered than rain forests?". Haaretz. Tel Aviv. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ferry M.; Meghraoui M.; Karaki A.A.; Al-Taj M.; Amoush H.; Al-Dhaisat S.; Barjous M. (2008). "A 48-kyr-long slip rate history for the Jordan Valley segment of the Dead Sea Fault". Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 260 (3–4): 394–406. Bibcode:2007E&PSL.260..394F. doi:10.1016/j.epsl.2007.05.049. 
^ a b American Friends of the Tel Aviv University, Earthquake Experts at Tel Aviv University Turn to History for Guidance (October 4, 2007). Quote: The major ones were recorded along the Jordan Valley in the years 31 B.C.E., 363 C.E., 749 C.E., and 1033 C.E. "So roughly, we are talking about an interval of every 400 years. If we follow the patterns of nature, a major quake should be expected any time because almost a whole millennium has passed since the last strong earthquake of 1033." (Tel Aviv University Associate Professor Dr. Shmuel (Shmulik) Marco). [1]
^ a b Zafrir Renat, Israel Is Due, and Ill Prepared, for Major Earthquake, Haaretz, 15 January 2010. "On average, a destructive earthquake takes place in Israel once every 80 years, causing serious casualties and damage." [2]
^ Watzman, Haim (8 February 1997). "Left for dead". New Scientist. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "WMO Region 6: Highest Temperature". World Meteorological Organization. Archived from the original on 16 April 2015. Retrieved 3 April 2009. 
^ Goldreich 2003, p. 85
^ "Average Weather for Tel Aviv-Yafo". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ "Average Weather for Jerusalem". The Weather Channel. Archived from the original on 20 January 2013. Retrieved 11 July 2007. 
^ Sitton, Dov (20 September 2003). "Development of Limited Water Resources- Historical and Technological Aspects". Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 7 November 2007. 
^ a b Grossman, Gershon; Ayalon, Ofira; Baron, Yifaat; Kauffman, Debby. "Solar energy for the production of heat Summary and recommendations of the 4th assembly of the energy forum at SNI". Samuel Neaman Institute for Advanced Studies in Science and Technology. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Flora of Israel Online". Flora.huji.ac.il. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "National Parks and Nature Reserves, Israel". Israel Ministry of Tourism. Retrieved 18 September 2012. 
^ "Population, by Religion". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "On Israel's 69th birthday, population reaches 8.68 million". Retrieved 17 July 2017. 
^ "Monthly Bulletin of Statistics". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 5 January 2017. 
^ "ISRAEL: Crackdown on illegal migrants and visa violators". IRIN. 14 July 2009. 
^ "Israel rounds up African migrants for deportation". Reuters. 11 June 2012. 
^ "THE LAND: Urban Life". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ "The Law of Return". Knesset. Archived from the original on 27 November 2005. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2000) [2000]. Still Moving: Recent Jewish Migration in Comparative Perspective, Daniel J. Elazar and Morton Weinfeld eds., ed. 'The Global Context of Migration to Israel'. New Brunswick, New Jersey: Transaction Publishers. pp. 13–60. ISBN 1-56000-428-2. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Herman, Pini (1 September 1983). "The Myth of the Israeli Expatriate". Moment Magazine. 8 (8): 62–63. 
^ Gould, Eric D.; Moav, Omer (2007). "Israel's Brain Drain". Israel Economic Review. Bank of Israel. 5 (1): 1–22. SSRN 2180400 . 
^ Rettig Gur, Haviv (6 April 2008). "Officials to US to bring Israelis home". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Jews, by Continent of Origin, Continent of Birth & Period of Immigration". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "From Sephardi to Mizrahi and Back Again: Changing Meanings of "Sephardi" in Its Social Environments". 
^ "The myth of the Mizrahim". The Guardian. London. 3 April 2009. 
^ Shields, Jacqueline. "Jewish Refugees from Arab Countries". Jewish Virtual Library. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "Missing Mizrahim". 
^ Okun, Barbara S.; Khait-Marelly, Orna (2006). "Socioeconomic Status and Demographic Behavior of Adult Multiethnics: Jews in Israel" (PDF). Hebrew University of Jerusalem. Archived from the original (PDF) on 29 October 2013. Retrieved 26 May 2013. 
^ DellaPergola, Sergio (2011). "Jewish Demographic Policies" (PDF). The Jewish People Policy Institute. 
^ "Israel (people)". Encyclopedia.com. 2007. 
^ Yoram Ettinger (5 April 2013). "Defying demographic projections". Israel Hayom. Retrieved 29 October 2013. 
^ a b c "Localities and Population, by Population Group, District, Sub-District and Natural Region". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ a b "Population of Jerusalem, by Age, Religion and Geographical Spreading, 2014" (PDF). The Jerusalem Institute for Israel Studies. Retrieved 4 September 2016. 
^ "Settlements in the Gaza Strip". Settlement Information. Foundation for Middle East Peace. Archived from the original on 26 August 2013. Retrieved 12 December 2007. 
^ "Localities, Population and Density per Sq. Km., by Metropolitan Area and Selected Localities". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 19 January 2017. 
^ a b c "List of localities, in Alphabetical order" (PDF). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 16 October 2016. 
^ Roberts 1990, p. 60 Although East Jerusalem and the Golan Heights have been brought directly under Israeli law, by acts that amount to annexation, both of these areas continue to be viewed by the international community as occupied, and their status as regards the applicability of international rules is in most respects identical to that of the West Bank and Gaza.
^ Israel Central Bureau of Statistics: The Ethiopian Community in Israel
^ "Israel may admit 3,000 Ethiopia migrants if Jews". Reuters. 16 July 2009. 
^ Meyer, Bill (17 August 2008). "Israel's welcome for Ethiopian Jews wears thin". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "Study: Soviet immigrants outperform Israeli students". Haaretz. 10 February 2008. 
^ "French radio station RFI makes aliyah". Ynetnews. 5 December 2011. 
^ Spolsky, Bernard (1999). Round Table on Language and Linguistics. Washington, D.C.: Georgetown University Press. pp. 169–70. ISBN 0-87840-132-6. In 1948, the newly independent state of Israel took over the old British regulations that had set English, Arabic, and Hebrew as official languages for Mandatory Palestine but, as mentioned, dropped English from the list. In spite of this, official language use has maintained a de facto role for English, after Hebrew but before Arabic. 
^ Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava (2004). "Part I: Language and Discourse". In Diskin Ravid, Dorit; Bat-Zeev Shyldkrot, Hava. Perspectives on Language and Development: Essays in Honor of Ruth A. Berman. Kluwer Academic Publishers. p. 90. ISBN 1-4020-7911-7. English is not considered official but it plays a dominant role in the educational and public life of Israeli society. ... It is the language most widely used in commerce, business, formal papers, academia, and public interactions, public signs, road directions, names of buildings, etc. English behaves 'as if' it were the second and official language in Israel. 
^ Shohamy, Elana (2006). Language Policy: Hidden Agendas and New Approaches. Routledge. pp. 72–73. ISBN 0-415-32864-0. In terms of English, there is no connection between the declared policies and statements and de facto practices. While English is not declared anywhere as an official language, the reality is that it has a very high and unique status in Israel. It is the main language of the academy, commerce, business, and the public space. 
^ "English programs at Israeli universities and colleges". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 
^ Starr, Kelsey Jo; Masci, David (8 March 2016). "In Israel, Jews are united by homeland but divided into very different groups". Pew Research Center. Retrieved 14 January 2017. 
^ "At the edge of the abyss". Haaretz. 24 November 2009. 
^  McMahon, Arthur. L. (1913). "Holy Sepulchre". In Herbermann, Charles. Catholic Encyclopedia. New York: Robert Appleton Company. 
^ Bassok, Moti (25 December 2006). "Israel's Christian population numbers 148,000 as of Christmas Eve". Haaretz. Retrieved 26 April 2012. 
^ "National Population Estimates" (PDF). Central Bureau of Statistics: 27. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's disputatious Avigdor Lieberman: Can the coalition hold together?". The Economist. 11 March 2010. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Levine, Lee I. (1999). Jerusalem: its sanctity and centrality to Judaism, Christianity, and Islam. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 516. ISBN 978-0-8264-1024-5. 
^ Hebrew Phrasebook. Lonely Planet Publications. 1 November 1999. p. 156. ISBN 0-86442-528-7. 
^ "The Bahá'í World Centre: Focal Point for a Global Community". The Bahá'í International Community. Archived from the original on 29 June 2007. Retrieved 2 July 2007. 
^ "Teaching the Faith in Israel". Bahá'í Library Online. 23 June 1995. Retrieved 6 August 2007. 
^ "Kababir and Central Carmel – Multiculturalism on the Carmel". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Visit Haifa". Retrieved 8 January 2015. 
^ "Education in Ancient Israel". American Bible Society. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Moaz, Asher (July 2007). "Religious Education in Israel". Tel Aviv University Law Faculty Papers. 
^ a b David Adler (10 March 2014). "Ambitious Israeli students look to top institutions abroad". ICEF. Retrieved 20 January 2015. 
^ Karin Kloosterman (30 October 2005). "Bill Gates – Israel is a high tech superpower". Israel21. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ Gary Shapiro (11 July 2013). "What Are The Secrets Behind Israel's Growing Innovative Edge?". Forbes. Retrieved 3 July 2015. 
^ "Top Ten Reasons to Invest in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ "Israel: IT Workforce". Information Technology Landscape in Nations Around the World. American University. Archived from the original on 13 September 2006. Retrieved 14 August 2007. 
^ "Israeli Schools: Religious and Secular Problems". Education Resources Information Center. 10 October 1984. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Kashti, Or; Ilan, Shahar (18 July 2007). "Knesset raises school dropout age to 18". Haaretz. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Summary of the Principal Laws Related to Education". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 26 January 2003. Archived from the original on 18 February 2006. Retrieved 4 August 2007. 
^ a b Shetreet, Ida Ben; Woolf, Laura L. (2010). "Education" (PDF). Publications Department. Ministry of Immigrant Absorption. Retrieved 30 August 2012. 
^ "Religion and Education Around the World". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "6. Jewish educational attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "How Religious Groups Differ in Educational Attainment". 13 December 2016. 1615 L. Street NW, Suite 800, Washington DC 20036 USA
(202) 419-4300 | Main
(202) 419-4349 | Fax
(202) 419-4372 | Media Inquiries 
^ "Jews at top of class in first-ever global study of religion and education". 13 December 2016. 
^ "The Israeli Matriculation Certificate". United States-Israel Educational Foundation via the University of Szeged University Library. January 1996. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "המגזר הערבי נוצרי הכי מצליח במערכת החינוך)". Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Christians in Israel: Strong in education". ynet. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ Konstantinov, Viacheslav (2015). "Patterns of Integration into Israeli Society among Immigrants from the Former Soviet Union over the Past Two Decades". Myers-JDC-Brookdale Institute. Retrieved 9 March 2017. 
^ "עולים מחבר העמים מצליחים יותר בבגרויות". וואלה! חדשות. 
^ "Students in Grade 12 - Matriculation Examinees and Those Entitled to a Certificate". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 2016. Retrieved 5 March 2017. 
^ "Higher Education in Israel". Embassy of Israel In India. Archived from the original on 25 July 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Paraszczuk, Joanna (17 July 2012). "Ariel gets university status, despite opposition". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "About Technion". Technion. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "Israel". Monash University. Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ "History of the Library". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ a b "Israel". Academic Ranking of World Universities. 2016. Retrieved 6 January 2017. 
^ a b "Field Listing — Executive Branch". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 19 June 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ In 1996, direct elections for the prime minister were inaugurated, but the system was declared unsatisfactory and the old one reinstated. See "Israel's election process explained". BBC News. 23 January 2003. Retrieved 31 March 2010. 
^ "The Electoral System in Israel". The Knesset. Retrieved 8 August 2007. 
^ Mazie 2006, p. 34
^ Charbit, Denis (2014). "Israel's Self-Restrained Secularism from the 1947 Status Quo Letter to the Present". In Berlinerblau, Jacques; Fainberg, Sarah; Nou, Aurora. Secularism on the Edge: Rethinking Church-State Relations in the United States, France, and Israel. New York: Palgrave Macmillan. pp. 167–169. ISBN 978-1-137-38115-6. The compromise, therefore, was to choose constructive ambiguity: as surprising as it may seem, there is no law that declares Judaism the official religion of Israel. However, there is no other law that declares Israel's neutrality toward all confessions. Judaism is not recognized as the official religion of the state, and even though the Jewish, Muslim and Christian clergy receive their salaries from the state, this fact does not make Israel a neutral state. This apparent pluralism cannot dissimulate the fact that Israel displays a clear and undoubtedly hierarchical pluralism in religious matters. ... It is important to note that from a multicultural point of view, this self-restrained secularism allows Muslim law to be practiced in Israel for personal matters of the Muslim community. As surprising as it seems, if not paradoxical for a state in war, Israel is the only Western democratic country in which Sharia enjoys such an official status. 
^ Sharot, Stephen (2007). "Judaism in Israel: Public Religion, Neo-Traditionalism, Messianism, and Ethno-Religious Conflict". In Beckford, James A.; Demerath, Jay. The SAGE Handbook of the Sociology of Religion. London and Thousand Oaks, California: Sage Publications. pp. 671–672. ISBN 978-1-4129-1195-5. It is true that Jewish Israelis, and secular Israelis in particular, conceive of religion as shaped by a state-sponsored religious establishment. There is no formal state religion in Israel, but the state gives its official recognition and financial support to particular religious communities, Jewish, Islamic and Christian, whose religious authorities and courts are empowered to deal with matters of personal status and family law, such as marriage, divorce, and alimony, that are binding on all members of the communities. 
^ Jacoby, Tami Amanda (2005). Women in Zones of Conflict: Power and Resistance in Israel. Montreal, Quebec and Kingston, Ontario: McGill-Queen's University Press. pp. 53–54. ISBN 9780773529939. Although there is no official religion in Israel, there is also no clear separation between religion and state. In Israeli public life, tensions frequently arise among different streams of Judaism: Ultra-Orthodox, National-Religious, Mesorati (Conservative), Reconstructionist Progressive (Reform), and varying combinations of traditionalism and non-observance. Despite this variety in religious observances in society, Orthodox Judaism prevails institutionally over the other streams. This boundary is an historical consequence of the unique evolution of the relationship between Israel nationalism and state building. ... Since the founding period, in order to defuse religious tensions, the State of Israel has adopted what is known as the 'status quo,' an unwritten agreement stipulating that no further changes would be made in the status of religion, and that conflict between the observant and non-observant sectors would be handled circumstantially. The 'status quo' has since pertained to the legal status of both religious and secular Jews in Israel. This situation was designed to appease the religious sector, and has been upheld indefinitely through the disproportionate power of religious political parties in all subsequent coalition governments. ... On one hand, the Declaration of Independence adopted in 1948 explicitly guarantees freedom of religion. On the other, it simultaneously prevents the separation of religion and state in Israel. 
^ Englard, Izhak (Winter 1987). "Law and Religion in Israel". The American Journal of Comparative Law. American Society of Comparative Law. 35 (1): 185–208. JSTOR 840166. doi:10.2307/840166. The great political and ideological importance of religion in the state of Israel manifests itself in the manifold legal provisions concerned with religions phenomenon. ... It is not a system of separation between state and religion as practiced in the U.S.A and several other countries of the world. In Israel a number of religious bodies exercise official functions; the religious law is applied in limited areas 
^ a b "The Judiciary: The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 August 2005. Retrieved 5 August 2007. 
^ "Israel's high court unique in region". Boston Herald. 9 September 2007. Retrieved 27 March 2013. 
^ "Israel and the International Criminal Court". Office of the Legal Adviser to the Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 30 June 2002. Archived from the original on 16 May 2007. Retrieved 20 July 2007. 
^ "The State — Judiciary — The Court System". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 1 October 2006. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "הליך מינוי השופטים בישראל: עובד- אל תיגעו!". Israel Democracy Institute. Retrieved 21 July 2015. 
^ Suzi Navot (2007). Constitutional Law of Israel. Kluwer Law International. p. 146. ISBN 9789041126511. 
^ "Introduction to the Tables: Geophysical Characteristics" (doc). Central Bureau of Statistics. Retrieved 4 September 2007. 
^ Bard, Mitchell. "Israel Makes Peace With Egypt". Jewish Virtual Library. American-Israeli Cooperative Enterprise. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "Resolution 497 (1981)". United Nations. 1981. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "East Jerusalem: UNSC Res. 478". UN. 1980. Retrieved 10 April 2010. 
^ "Arabs will ask U.N. to seek razing of Israeli wall". NBCNews.com. 9 July 2004. Retrieved 9 February 2013. 
^ "Olmert: Willing to trade land for peace". Ynetnews. 16 December 2006. Retrieved 26 September 2007. 
^ "Syria ready to discuss land for peace". The Jerusalem Post. 12 June 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Egypt: Israel must accept the land-for-peace formula". The Jerusalem Post. 15 March 2007. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "A/RES/36/147. Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Population of the Occupied Territories". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "The Avalon Project : United Nations Security Council Resolution 605". avalon.law.yale.edu. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "UN condemns Israel's West Bank settlement plans". BBC News. 25 January 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Rudoren, Jodi; Sengupta, Somini (22 June 2015). "U.N. Report on Gaza Finds Evidence of War Crimes by Israel and by Palestinian Militants". The New York Times. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Human Rights Council establishes Independent, International Commission of Inquiry for the Occupied Palestinian Territory". www.ohchr.org. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Faced with Israeli denial of access to Occupied Palestinian Territory, UN expert resigns". Archived from the original on 5 December 2016. 
^ "Human Rights Council adopts six resolutions and closes its thirty-first regular session". Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Israel and The Occupied Territories - The Occupied Territories". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Heyer, Julia Amalia. "Kids Behind Bars: Israel's Arbitrary Arrests of Palestinian Minors". SPIEGEL ONLINE. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Israel and Occupied Palestinian Territories 2016/2017". Amnesty International. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Eight hundred dead Palestinians. But Israel has impunity". The Independent. 26 July 2014. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Isfahan, About the Author Ali OmidiDr Ali Omidi is Assistant Professor of International Relations in the University of (11 August 2014). "Why Israel’s Impunity Goes Unpunished by International Authorities". Foreign Policy Journal. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "How impunity defines Israel and victimises Palestinians". Al Jazeera. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Barghouti, Marwan (16 April 2017). "Why We Are on Hunger Strike in Israel’s Prisons". The New York Times. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ Dorfman, Zach. "George Mitchell wrote 'A Path to Peace' about Israel and Palestine. Is there one?". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Outrage over Maimane's visit to Israel". Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "The subordination of Palestinian rights must stop". The National. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Palestine-Israel Journal: Settlements and the Palestinian Right to Self-Determination". www.pij.org. Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ Hammond, Jeremy R. "The Rejection of Palestinian Self Determination" (PDF). Retrieved 1 February 2017. 
^ "Top US senator clashes with Netanyahu over Israeli rights record". POLITICO. 31 March 2016. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ "Allegations of Israeli Human Rights Violations Closely Scrutinized, Says U.S. State Department". Haaretz. 6 May 2017. Retrieved 12 February 2017. 
^ Gilboa, Eytan (2006-10-01). "Public Diplomacy: The Missing Component in Israel's Foreign Policy". Israel Affairs. 12 (4): 715–747. ISSN 1353-7121. doi:10.1080/13533310600890067. 
^ Nikki Haley urges UN to shift its criticism from Israel to Iran, 20th April 2017, Times of Israel
^ U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley: ‘The Days of Israel-Bashing Are Over’, 28th March 2017, National Review
^ "Ban Ki-moon recognizes bias against Israel in last Security Council speech". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 23 April 2017. 
^ "Annan: Solution for refugees in Palestinian state". Ynetnews. Retrieved 2017-04-27. 
^ "UNRWA in Figures: Figures as of 30 June 2009" (PDF). United Nations. June 2009. Retrieved 27 September 2007. 
^ "Questions and Answers". Israel's Security Fence. The State of Israel. 22 February 2004. Archived from the original on 3 October 2013. Retrieved 17 April 2007. 
^ United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. "Refworld | West Bank Barrier Route Projections, July 2008". Unhcr.org. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Under the Guise of Security: Routing the Separation Barrier to Enable Israeli Settlement Expansion in the West Bank". Publications. B'Tselem. December 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Situation Report on the Humanitarian Situation in the Gaza Strip". Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs. 23 January 2009. Archived from the original on 12 June 2012. 
^ "The occupied Palestinian territories: Dignity Denied". International Committee of the Red Cross. 13 December 2007. 
^ "Israel/Palestine". Human Rights Watch. 2013. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Human Rights in Palestine and Other Occupied Arab Territories: Report of the United Nations Fact Finding Mission on the Gaza Conflict" (PDF). United Nations Human Rights Council. 15 September 2009. p. 85. 
^ "Israel/Occupied Territories: Road to nowhere". Amnesty International. 1 December 2006. Archived from the original on 6 July 2010. 
^ a b "The scope of Israeli control in the Gaza Strip". B'Tselem. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Agreed documents on movement and access from and to Gaza". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 15 November 2005. Retrieved 13 June 2013. 
^ "Israel's Diplomatic Missions Abroad: Status of relations". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 25 April 2016. 
^ Mohammed Mostafa Kamal (21 July 2012). "Why Doesn't the Muslim World Recognize Israel?". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 30 November 2015. 
^ "Massive Israel protests hit universities" (Egyptian Mail, 16 March 2010) "According to most Egyptians, almost 31 years after a peace treaty was signed between Egypt and Israel, having normal ties between the two countries is still a potent accusation and Israel is largely considered to be an enemy country"
^ "Initial Periodic Report of the State of Israel Concerning the Implementation of the Convention of the Rights of the Child (CRC)" (PDF). Israel Ministry of Justice. February 2001: 147 (173 using pdf numbering). Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 September 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ הוראות הדין הישראלי (in Hebrew). Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 2004. Archived from the original on 1 July 2007. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 37–39, 47
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 47–49
^ "Qatar, Mauritania cut Israel ties". Al Jazeera English. 17 January 2009. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Abn, Abi (14 January 2009). "Bolivia rompe relaciones diplomáticas con Israel y anuncia demanda por genocidio en Gaza" (in Spanish). YVKE Mundial Radio. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. Retrieved 14 April 2010. 
^ "The Recognition of Israel". JSTOR 2193961. 
^ "U.S. Relations With Israel Bureau of Near Eastern Affairs Fact Sheet March 10, 2014". U.S. Department of State. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Israel: Background and Relations with the United States Updated" (PDF). Defense Technical Information Center. Retrieved 19 October 2009. 
^ a b "U.S. Overseas Loans and Grants" (PDF). 
^ "U.S. Government Foreign Grants and Credits by Type and Country: 2000 to 2010" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 2011-10-20. 
^ "Foreign Aid". Archived from the original on 2007-12-25. 
^ "The bilateral relationship". UK in Israel. Foreign and Commonwealth Office. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Congressional Research Service: Germany's Relations with Israel: Background and Implications for German Middle East Policy, Jan 19, 2007. (page CRS-2)" (PDF). Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ Eric Maurice (5 March 2015). "EU to Revise Relations with Turbulent Neighbourhood". EUobserver. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Abadi 2004, p. 3. "However, it was not until 1991 that the two countries established full diplomatic relations."
^ Abadi 2004, pp. 4–6
^ Uzer, Umut (26 March 2013). "Turkish-Israeli Relations: Their Rise and Fall". Middle East Policy. XX (1): 97–110. doi:10.1111/mepo.12007. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ "Israel woos Greece after rift with Turkey". BBC News. 16 October 2010. 
^ "Turkey, Greece discuss exploration off Cyprus". Haaretz. Associated Press. 26 September 2011. Retrieved 1 January 2012. 
^ Benari, Elad (5 March 2012). "Israel, Cyprus Sign Deal for Underwater Electricity Cable". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Kumar, Dinesh. "India and Israel: Dawn of a New Era" (PDF). Jerusalem Institute for Western Defense. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Eichner, Itamar (4 March 2009). "From India with love". Ynetnews. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Nitin Gadkari to visit Israel tomorrow". World Snap. 13 December 2010. Retrieved 1 October 2012. 
^ "India to hold wide-ranging strategic talks with US, Israel". The Times of India. 19 January 2010. Archived from the original on 7 July 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Iran and Israel in Africa: A search for allies in a hostile world". The Economist. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ World Giving Index (PDF) (Report). Charities Aid Foundation. October 2016. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Pfeffer, Anshel (April 28, 2015). "The Downsides of Israel's Missions of Mercy Abroad". Haaretz. Retrieved November 22, 2015. And even when no Israelis are involved, few countries are as fast as Israel in mobilizing entire delegations to rush to the other side of the world. It has been proved time and again in recent years, after the earthquake in Haiti, the typhoon in the Philippines and the quake/tsunami/nuclear disaster in Japan. For a country of Israel's size and resources, without conveniently located aircraft carriers and overseas bases, it is quite an impressive achievement. 
^ "About MASHAV". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Haim Yacobi, Israel and Africa: A Genealogy of Moral Geography, Routledge, 2015 p.113.
^ Ki-moon, Ban (1 December 2016). "Secretary-General's remarks at reception in honour of ZAKA International Rescue Unit [as prepared for delivery]". United Nations. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Ueriel Hellman,"Israeli aid effort helps Haitians – and Israel's image", Jewish Telegraphic Agency 19 January 2010
^ "Israel's 'superwoman' takes flight to help others – ISRAEL21c". Israel21c. 
^ "Wolfson cardiac surgeons save lives of more Gazan children". The Jerusalem Post - JPost.com. 
^ "Earthquake in Haiti – Latet Organization deploys for immediate relief to victims". ReliefWeb. 
^ "When catastrophe strikes the IDF is there to help". Israel Today. May 20, 2015. Retrieved November 24, 2015. 
^ Benhorin, Yitzhak (18 January 2010). "Praise for Israeli mission in Haiti: 'Only ones operating'". Ynet. Retrieved 25 November 2015. 
^ "International Aid to Haiti: Who's Giving". Cbsnews.com. 14 January 2010. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Marcy Oster, Israeli delegation leaves Haiti Jewish Telegraphic Agency January 27, 2010.
^ "Heart surgery for Haitian child". Israel21c. 27 January 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "IDF team returns from Haiti". The canadian Jewish news. 4 February 2010. Retrieved 24 November 2015. 
^ "Israeli aid delegation leaves for Japan". Ynetnews. 26 March 2011. Retrieved 13 October 2013. 
^ Kinue Tokudome, 'Promise fulfilled Israelìs Medical Team in Japan,' The Jerusalem Post 18 April 2015.
^ "History: 1948". Israel Defense Forces. 2007. Retrieved 31 July 2007. 
^ Henderson 2003, p. 97
^ "The State: Israel Defense Forces (IDF)". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. 13 March 2009. Retrieved 9 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Defense Forces". GlobalSecurity.org. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ "Tel Aviv-Yaffo Municipality, Beaches" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 12 July 2012. Retrieved 23 November 2012. 
^ "The Israel Defense Forces". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 21 October 2006. 
^ Stendel 1997, pp. 191–192
^ Shtrasler, Nehemia (16 May 2007). "Cool law, for wrong population". Haaretz. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Sherut Leumi (National Service)". Nefesh B'Nefesh. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Military Balance: Israel (PDF) (Report). The Institute for National Security Studies. 26 November 2014. p. 10. Retrieved 20 January 2017. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (30 March 2007). "'Arrow can fully protect against Iran'". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Israeli Mirage III and Nesher Aces, By Shlomo Aloni, (Osprey 2004), page 60
^ Spike Anti-Tank Missile, Israel army-technology.com
^ Robert Johnson (19 November 2012). "How Israel Developed Such A Shockingly Effective Rocket Defense System". Business Insider. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Sarah Tory (19 November 2012). "A Missile-Defense System That Actually Works?". Slate. Retrieved 20 November 2012. 
^ Zorn, E. L. (8 May 2007). "Israel's Quest for Satellite Intelligence". Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ Katz, Yaakov (11 June 2007). "Analysis: Eyes in the sky". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ ElBaradei, Mohamed (27 July 2004). "Transcript of the Director General's Interview with Al-Ahram News". International Atomic Energy Agency. Archived from the original on 18 April 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction: Assessing the Risks" (PDF). Office of Technology Assessment. August 1993. pp. 65, 84. Archived from the original (PDF) on 28 May 2012. Retrieved 29 March 2012. 
^ "Background Information". 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT). United Nations. 27 May 2005. Retrieved 9 April 2012. 
^ Ziv, Guy, "To Disclose or Not to Disclose: The Impact of Nuclear Ambiguity on Israeli Security," Israel Studies Forum, Vol. 22, No. 2 (Winter 2007): 76–94
^ "Popeye Turbo". Federation of American Scientists. Retrieved 19 February 2011. 
^ "Glossary". Israel Homeowner. Archived from the original on 17 May 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Defence Expenditure in Israel, 1950-2015 (PDF) (Report). Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 29 May 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Military expenditure (% of GDP)". World Development Indicators. World Bank. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Trends in world military expenditure, 2015 (PDF) (Report). Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. 5 April 2016. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Sharp, Jeremy M. (22 December 2016). U.S. Foreign Aid to Israel (PDF) (Report). Congressional Research Service. p. 36. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ Lake, Eli (15 September 2016). "The U.S.-Israel Memorandum of Misunderstanding". Bloomberg. Retrieved 17 March 2017. 
^ "TOP LIST TIV TABLES". Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. Retrieved 21 January 2017. 
^ Israel reveals more than $7 billion in arms sales, but few names By Gili Cohen | 9 January 2014, Haaretz
^ "Global Peace Index 2017". Institute for Economics and Peace. 2017. Retrieved 22 June 2017. 
^ "Northern and Western Asia". 
^ "List of OECD Member countries — Ratification of the Convention on the OECD". Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Schwab, Klaus (2016). The Global Competitiveness Report 2016–2017 (PDF) (Report). World Economic Forum. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Doing Business in Israel". World Bank. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Bounfour, Ahmed; Edvinsson, Leif (2005). Intellectual Capital for Communities: Nations, Regions, and Cities. Butterworth-Heinemann. p. 47 (368 pages). ISBN 0-7506-7773-2. 
^ Richard Behar (11 May 2016). "Inside Israel's Secret Startup Machine". Forbes. Retrieved 30 October 2016. 
^ "The 2016 IMD World Competitiveness Scoreboard" (PDF). International Institute for Management Development. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ "Israel". Human Capital Report. World Economic Forum. 2016. Retrieved 26 January 2017. 
^ Tel Aviv Stock Exchange inaugurates trading in new building, By GLOBES, NIV ELIS, 09/08/2014
^ "Israel's International Investment Position (IIP), June 2015" (Press release). Bank of Israel. 20 September 2015. Retrieved 29 January 2017. 
^ Krawitz, Avi (27 February 2007). "Intel to expand Jerusalem R&D". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Microsoft Israel R&D center: Leadership". Microsoft. Archived from the original on 13 March 2012. Retrieved 19 March 2012. Avi returned to Israel in 1991, and established the first Microsoft R&D Center outside the US ... 
^ "Berkshire Announces Acquisition". New York Times. 6 May 2006. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ Koren, Orah (26 June 2012). "Instead of 4 work days: 6 optional days to be considered half day-outs". The Marker. Retrieved 26 June 2012.  (in Hebrew)
^ a b Haviv Rettig Gur (9 October 2013). "Tiny Israel a Nobel heavyweight, especially in chemistry". The Times of Israel. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Israel keen on IT tie-ups". Business Line. Chennai, India. 10 January 2001. Archived from the original on 16 January 2013. Retrieved 19 March 2012. 
^ "Israel's technology industry: Punching above its weight". The Economist. 10 November 2005. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Jamrisko, Michelle; Lu, Wei (17 January 2017). "These Are the World's Most Innovative Economies". Bloomberg. Retrieved 30 January 2017. 
^ "Research and development expenditure (% of GDP)". World Bank. Retrieved 27 January 2017. 
^ Shteinbuk, Eduard (22 July 2011). "R&D and Innovation as a Growth Engine" (PDF). National Research University – Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 11 May 2013. 
^ "InvestinIsrael" (PDF). 
^ Investing in IsraelArchived 9 May 2013 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Heylin, Michael (27 November 2006). "Globalization of Science Rolls On" (PDF). Chemical & Engineering News. American Chemical Society: 29–31. Retrieved 5 February 2013. 
^ Gordon, Evelyn (24 August 2006). "Kicking the global oil habit". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yarden Skop. "Israel's scientific fall from grace: Study shows drastic decline in publications per capita". Haaretz. 
^ Stafford, Ned (21 March 2006). "Stem cell density highest in Israel". The Scientist. Retrieved 18 October 2012. 
^ "Futron Releases 2012 Space Competitiveness Index". Retrieved 21 December 2013. 
^ O'Sullivan, Arieh (9 July 2012). "Israel's domestic satellite industry saved". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 9 December 2012. The Amos 6 will be IAI's 14th satellite 
^ Tran, Mark (21 January 2008). "Israel launches new satellite to spy on Iran". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Space launch systems – Shavit". Deagel. Retrieved 19 November 2013. 
^ e-Teacher (9 February 2010). "Learning Hebrew Online – Colonel Ilan Ramon". The Jerusalem Post. Archived from the original on 8 December 2015. Retrieved 1 December 2015. 
^ Talbot, David (2015). "Megascale Desalination". MIT Technology Review. Retrieved 13 February 2017. 
^ Federman, Josef (30 May 2014). "Israel solves water woes with desalination". Associated Press. Archived from the original on 2 June 2014. Retrieved May 30, 2014. 
^ Kershner, Isabel (2015-05-29). "Aided by the Sea, Israel Overcomes an Old Foe: Drought". The New York Times. ISSN 0362-4331. Retrieved 2015-05-31. 
^ "What You Israelis Have Done With Water Tech is Simply Amazing". Arutz Sheva. Retrieved 16 November 2011. 
^ "Ashkelon, Israel". water-technology.net. 
^ Rabinovitch, Ari (6 December 2011). "Desalination plant could make Israel water exporter". Reuters. Jerusalem. 
^ Lettice, John (25 January 2008). "Giant solar plants in Negev could power Israel's future". The Register. 
^ a b Gradstein, Linda (22 October 2007). "Israel Pushes Solar Energy Technology". NPR. 
^ a b Parry, Tom (15 August 2007). "Looking to the sun". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. Archived from the original on 24 September 2008. 
^ a b Sandler, Neal (26 March 2008). "At the Zenith of Solar Energy". Bloomberg Businessweek. Retrieved 12 August 2012. 
^ Del Chiaro, Bernadette; Telleen-Lawton, Timothy. "Solar Water Heating: How California Can Reduce Its Dependence on Natural Gas" (PDF). Environment California. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Berner, Joachim (January 2008). "Solar, what else?!" (PDF). Sun & Wind Energy. Israel Special. p. 88. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. Retrieved 15 May 2010. 
^ "Will Israel's Electric Cars Change the World?". Time. 26 April 2011. Archived from the original on 15 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric cars are all the rage in Israel". FT. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Israel to keep electric car recharging fees low". Haaretz. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Baby you can drive my electric car". Jpost. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ "Electric Car Company Folds After Taking $850 Million From GE And Others". Business Insider. 26 May 2013. 
^ "Roads, by Length and Area". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b "3.09 Million Motor Vehicles in Israel in 2015". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 30 March 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "Bus Services on Scheduled Routes" (PDF). Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics. 2009. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ a b "Railway Services". Israel Central Bureau of Statistics. 1 September 2016. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ a b c "Transportation in Israel". Jewish Virtual Library. 1 November 2001. ISBN 0-08-043448-7. Archived from the original on 6 July 2008. Retrieved 5 February 2010. 
^ "Statistics". Israel Airports Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ Burstein, Nathan (14 August 2007). "Tourist visits above pre-war level". The Jerusalem Post. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Yifa Yaakov (10 January 2014). "2013 'record year' for tourism, government says". Times of Israel. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Ziv Reinstein (10 January 2014). "2013: Record year for incoming tourism". Ynetnews. Retrieved 12 March 2014. 
^ Wainer, David; Ben-David, Calev (22 April 2010). "Israel Billionaire Tshuva Strikes Gas, Fueling Expansion in Energy, Hotels". Bloomberg. Archived from the original on 12 January 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Technical Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Ketura Sun Environmental Figures". Retrieved 26 June 2011. 
^ "Arava Power Company". Archived from the original on July 7, 2011. Retrieved June 27, 2011. 
^ Roca, Marc (May 22, 2012), "Arava Closes Funding For $204 Million Israeli Solar Plants", Bloomberg, retrieved June 3, 2012 
^ "Asian Studies: Israel as a 'Melting Pot'". National Research University Higher School of Economics. Retrieved 18 April 2012. 
^ "Jewish Festivals and Days of Remembrance in Israel". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Archived from the original on 14 August 2007. Retrieved 16 September 2007. 
^ Ran, Ami (25 August 1998). "Encounters: The Vernacular Paradox of Israeli Architecture". Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 6 September 2007. 
^ Brinn, David (23 October 2005). "Israeli, Palestinian and Jordanian DJs create bridge for peace". ISRAEL21c. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "The International Israeli Table". Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Retrieved 26 June 2009. 
^ "Amos Oz is most translated Israeli author". Ynetnews. 10 February 2009. 
^ "Depositing Books to The Jewish National & University Library". Jewish National and University Library. Retrieved 21 August 2007. 
^ "Statistics for 2015". National Library of Israel. Retrieved 15 February 2017. 
^ "The Nobel Prize in Literature 1966". Nobel Foundation. Retrieved 12 August 2007. 
^ "Palestinian 'national poet' dies". BBC News. 9 August 2008. 
^ Broughton, Ellingham & Trillo 1999, pp. 365–369
^ "Israel". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 10 February 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Ben-Sasson 1985, p. 1095
^ Ewbank, Alison J.; Papageorgiou, Fouli T. (1997). Whose Master's Voice?: The Development of Popular Music in Thirteen Cultures. Greenwood Press. p. 117. ISBN 978-0-313-27772-6. 
^ Davis, Barry (5 February 2007). "Israel Philharmonic Orchestra celebrates 70th anniversary". Ministry of Foreign Affairs (from Israel21c). Archived from the original on 6 February 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "History". Eurovision Song Contest. European Broadcasting Union. Retrieved 31 May 2013. 
^ "About the Red Sea Jazz Festival". Red Sea Jazz Festival. Archived from the original on 12 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ The Cambridge Dictionary of Judaism and Jewish Culture, (Cambridge University Press 2011), edited by Judith R. Baskin, Judith Reesa Baskin, page 125
^ "Israeli Folk Music". World Music. National Geographic Society. Archived from the original on 3 January 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ Brown, Hannah (2 February 2010). "'Ajami' nominated for Oscar". Jerusalem Post. 
^ התיאטרון הלאומי הבימה (in Hebrew). Habima National Theatre. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ Dunham, Jennifer (2016). "Freedom of the Press". Freedom House. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Diab, Khaled (11 February 2013). "Preaching – and Practicing – Media Freedom in the Middle East". Haaretz. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ "Reporting constrained by terror in the Middle East and North Africa". Reporters Without Borders. 2016. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ a b "About the Museum". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Shrine of the Book". The Israel Museum, Jerusalem. Archived from the original on 9 July 2007. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "About Yad Vashem". Yad Vashem. Archived from the original on 14 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Museum Information". Beth Hatefutsoth. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ TravelNet in cooperation with Israel museums. "Mishkan LeOmanut, Ein Harod". Ilmuseums.com. Archived from the original on 27 December 2008. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Ahituv, Netta (29 January 2013). "10 of Israel's best museums". CNN. Retrieved 9 January 2017. 
^ Rast, Walter E. (1992). Through the Ages in Palestinian Archaeology: An Introductory Handbook. Continuum International Publishing Group. p. 50. ISBN 9781563380556. "Galilee man" (lowercase "m") in this source is a typo – ref. Solo Man, Peking Man and so forth. 
^ "The Israel Museum Permanent Exhibitions: Archaeology Wing – The Dawn of Civilization". New York: The Ridgefield Foundation. 1995. Skull (cast) Zuttiyeh Cave Lower Palaeolithic. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ a b c Yael Raviv, Falafel Nation, University of Nebraska Press, 2015
^ Uzi Rebhun, Lilakh Lev Ari, American Israelis: Migration, Transnationalism, and Diasporic Identity, BRILL, 2010 pp.112–113.
^ Julia Bernstein, Food for Thought: Transnational Contested Identities and Food Practices of Russian-Speaking Jewish Migrants in Israel and Germany, Campus Verlag, 2010 pp.227,233–234.
^ a b Bernstein, pp. 231–233.
^ "Israel's Pork Problem". Slate. New York. 8 August 2012. Retrieved 28 December 2015. 
^ Torstrick 2004, p. 141
^ "Basketball Super League Profile". Winner Basketball Super League. Retrieved 13 August 2007. 
^ "Israel Barred from Asian Games". Jewish Telegraphic Agency. 26 July 1976. Retrieved 11 April 2014. 
^ "Maccabi Electra Tel Aviv – Welcome to EUROLEAGUE BASKETBALL". Archived from the original on 25 June 2014. Retrieved 30 October 2014. 
^ "Pawn stars shine in new 'national sport'". Haaretz. Retrieved 21 May 2012. 
^ "Chess in Schools in Israel: Progress report". FIDE. 28 May 2012. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bekerman, Eitan (4 September 2006). "Chess masters set to blitz Rishon Letzion". Haaretz. 
^ "World Team Championship in Beer Sheva, Israel". World Chess Federation. 1 November 2005. Retrieved 13 March 2009. 
^ Tzahor, Uri (26 November 2008). "Israel takes silver medal in Chess Olympiad". Ynetnews. 
^ Shvidler, Eli (15 December 2009). "Israeli grand master Boris Gelfand wins Chess World Cup". Haaretz. 
^ "Israel". International Olympic Committee. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Tel Aviv 1968". International Paralympic Committee. Archived from the original on 20 March 2012. Retrieved 20 March 2012. 
^ "Shahar PEER". International Tennis Federation. Retrieved 19 February 2017. 
^ Ellis, Judy (4 May 1998). "Choke! Gouge! Smash!". TIME. Retrieved 1 January 2017. 


Bibliography


McNutt, Paula M. (1999). Reconstructing the Society of Ancient Israel. Westminster John Knox. ISBN 978-0664222659. 
Miller, Robert D. (2012) [First published 2005]. Chieftains of the Highland Clans. ISBN 978-1620322086. 
Abadi, Jacob (2004). Israel's Quest for Recognition and Acceptance in Asia: Garrison State Diplomacy. Routledge. ISBN 0-7146-5576-7. 
Barton, John; Bowden, Julie (2004). The Original Story: God, Israel and the World. Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Company. ISBN 0-8028-2900-7. 
Ben-Sasson, Hayim (1985). A History of the Jewish People. Harvard University Press. ISBN 978-0-674-39731-6. 
Bregman, Ahron (2002). A History of Israel. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-333-67631-9. 
Broughton, Simon; Ellingham, Mark; Trillo, Richard (1999). World Music: The Rough Guide. Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-635-2. 
Cole, Tim (2003). Holocaust City: The Making of a Jewish Ghetto. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-92968-7. 
Fraser, T. G. (2004). The Arab-Israeli Conflict. Palgrave Macmillan Limited. ISBN 9781403913388. Retrieved 12 May 2013. 
Friedland, Roger; Hecht, Richard (2000). To Rule Jerusalem. University of California Press. ISBN 0-520-22092-7. 
Gelvin, James L. (2005). The Israel-Palestine Conflict: One Hundred Years of War. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-85289-7. 
Gilbert, Martin (2005). The Routledge Atlas Of The Arab–Israeli conflict (8th ed.). Routledge. ISBN 0-415-35900-7. 
Goldreich, Yair (2003). The Climate of Israel: Observation, Research and Application. Springer. ISBN 0-306-47445-X. 
Harkavy, Robert E.; Neuman, Stephanie G. (2001). Warfare and the Third World. Palgrave Macmillan. ISBN 0-312-24012-0. 
Henderson, Robert D'A. (2003). Brassey's International Intelligence Yearbook (2003 ed.). Brassey's Inc. ISBN 1-57488-550-2. 
Herzl, Theodor (1946). The Jewish State. American Zionist Emergency Council. ISBN 0-486-25849-1. 
Jacobs, Daniel (1998). Israel and the Palestinian Territories: The Rough Guide (2nd revised ed.). Rough Guides. ISBN 1-85828-248-9. 
Kellerman, Aharon (1993). Society and Settlement: Jewish Land of Israel in the Twentieth Century. State University of New York Press. ISBN 0-7914-1295-4. 
Kornberg, Jacques (1993). Theodor Herzl: From Assimilation to Zionism. Indiana University Press. ISBN 0-253-33203-6. 
Lustick, Ian (1988). For the Land and the Lord: Jewish Fundamentalism in Israel. Council on Foreign Relations Press. ISBN 0-87609-036-6. 
Mazie, Steven (2006). Israel's Higher Law: Religion and Liberal Democracy in the Jewish State. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-1485-9. 
Morçöl, Göktuğ (2006). Handbook of Decision Making. CRC Press. ISBN 1-57444-548-0. 
Mowlana, Hamid; Gerbner, George; Schiller, Herbert I. (1992). Triumph of the File: The Media's War in the Persian Gulf — A Global Perspective. Westview Press. ISBN 0-8133-1610-3. 
Roberts, Adam (1990). "Prolonged Military Occupation: The Israeli-Occupied Territories Since 1967". The American Journal of International Law. American Society of International Law. 84 (1): 44–103. JSTOR 2203016. doi:10.2307/2203016. 
Romano, Amy (2003). A Historical Atlas of Israel. The Rosen Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8239-3978-2. 
Rosenzweig, Rafael (1997). The Economic Consequences of Zionism. T Brill Academic Publishers. ISBN 90-04-09147-5. 
Rummel, Rudolph J. (1997). Power Kills: Democracy As a Method of Nonviolence. Transaction Publishers. ISBN 0-7658-0523-5. 
Scharfstein, Sol (1996). Understanding Jewish History. KTAV Publishing House. ISBN 0-88125-545-9. 
Segev, Tom (2007). 1967: Israel, the War, and the Year that Transformed the Middle East. Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 9780805070576. 
Shindler, Colin (2002). The Land Beyond Promise: Israel, Likud and the Zionist Dream. I.B.Tauris Publishers. ISBN 1-86064-774-X. 
Skolnik, Fred (2007). Encyclopedia Judaica. 9 (2nd ed.). Macmillian. ISBN 0-02-865928-7. 
Smith, Derek (2006). Deterring America: Rogue States and the Proliferation of Weapons of Mass Destruction. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-86465-8. 
Stein, Leslie (2003). The Hope Fulfilled: The Rise of Modern Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-275-97141-4. 
Stendel, Ori (1997). The Arabs in Israel. Sussex Academic Press. ISBN 1-898723-23-0. 
Stone, Russell A.; Zenner, Walter P. (1994). Critical Essays on Israeli Social Issues and Scholarship. SUNY Press. ISBN 0-7914-1959-2. 
Torstrick, Rebecca L. (2004). Culture and Customs of Israel. Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-32091-8. 


External links

Find more aboutIsraelat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Travel guide from Wikivoyage
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata



Government


Government services and information website
About Israel at the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Official website of the Israel Prime Minister's Office
Official website of the Israel Ministry of Tourism
Official website of the Israel Central Bureau of Statistics


General information


"Israel". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Israel at the Jewish Virtual Library
Israel at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
Key Development Forecasts for Israel from International Futures
Israel at DMOZ


Maps


 Wikimedia Atlas of Israel
 Geographic data related to Israel at OpenStreetMap

‹ The template below (Geographic location) is being considered for deletion. See templates for discussion to help reach a consensus. ›

 Israel (including the  State of Palestine)






 Cyprus
 Lebanon
 Syria



Levantine Sea
(part of the Mediterranean Sea)

 Jordan








   Israel  











 Egypt
Gulf of Eilat
 Saudi Arabia








v
t
e


Israel articles



History



Antiquity
Second Temple period
Old Yishuv
Zionism

Yishuv
Independence


Arab–Israeli conflict

Israeli–Palestinian conflict
Peace process


Timeline

by year







Geography







Borders
Cities
Districts
Lakes

Dead Sea
Sea of Galilee


Land of Israel
National parks and nature reserves
Rivers

Jordan River


Wildlife








Politics







Cabinet

Prime Minister


Elections
Foreign relations
Knesset (parliament)

Parties


Law

Basic Laws
Judiciary


President
System of government








Security



Censorship
Civil defense
Intelligence Community

Aman
Mossad
Shin Bet


Israel Defense Forces

Conscription
Structure


Police
Wars
West Bank barrier





Economy







Agriculture
Banking
Companies
Diamond industry
Energy
Science and technology
Taxation
Tel Aviv Stock Exchange
Tourism
Transport
Water supply and sanitation








Society







Aliyah
Crime
Demographics

People


Education
Healthcare
Human rights
Kibbutz
Languages

Hebrew
Arabic


Religion
Standard of living
Women





Culture



Archaeology
Architecture
Cinema
Cuisine
Literature
Media
Museums
Music
National symbols
Public holidays
Sport
Visual arts
World Heritage Sites












Outline
Index



Book
Category
Portal












v
t
e


Middle East






Bahrain
Cyprus
Egypt
Iran
Iraq
Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Northern Cyprus
Oman
Palestine
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Yemen











Conflicts
Cuisine
Etiquette
History

timeline


Music












v
t
e


Countries and territories of the Mediterranean Sea



Sovereign states



Albania
Algeria
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Croatia
Cyprus
Egypt
France
Greece
Israel
Italy
Lebanon
Libya
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Slovenia
Spain
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey





States with limited recognition



Northern Cyprus
Palestine





Dependencies and other territories



Akrotiri and Dhekelia (UK)
Gibraltar (UK)












v
t
e


OECD members



Member states



 Australia
 Austria
 Belgium
 Canada
 Chile
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 France
 Germany
 Greece
 Hungary
 Iceland
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Japan
 Luxembourg
 Mexico
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Norway
 Poland
 Portugal
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 South Korea
 Spain
 Sweden
  Switzerland
 Turkey
 United Kingdom
 United States












v
t
e


States with limited recognition




Details concerning international recognition and foreign relations provided by the articles linked in parenthesis



UN member states




Partially unrecognised



Armenia

relations


China

relations


Cyprus

relations


Israel

recognition
relations


North Korea

relations


South Korea

relations











Non-UN member
states






Recognised by at least
one UN member




Abkhazia

recognition
relations


Kosovo

recognition
relations


Northern Cyprus

relations


Palestine

recognition
relations


Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic

recognition
relations


South Ossetia

recognition
relations


Taiwan

relations








Recognised only by
non-UN members




Nagorno-Karabakh

recognition
relations


Transnistria

recognition
relations







Unrecognised



Somaliland

relations

















v
t
e


Zionism and the Land of Israel







Historic region of Israel
Independent Israel
Modern Israel










History


Prehistory / History of the Levant
History of ancient Israel and Judah
Laws and customs of the Land of Israel in Judaism


The Jewish people


Timeline of Jewish history
History of the Jews and Judaism in the Land of Israel (leaders)
Modern Jewish settlement in the Land of Israel



History of Israel
Israeli Jews
Culture of Israel
Law of Return








History to 1948



Zionism (history · timeline)
Aliyah
Theodor Herzl
Balfour Declaration












History



UN Partition Plan
Declaration of Independence



Politics

Arab–Israeli conflict · Israeli–Palestinian conflict (Peace process · Disengagement from Gaza
Society and economy

Kibbutzim and Moshavim · Exodus from Arab countries · Development towns · Austerity · Agriculture technology











Green Line


Israeli settlements
Timeline
International law




West Bank
Judea and Samaria Area




Gaza Strip
Geography
Hof Aza Regional Council




East Jerusalem
Positions on Jerusalem

















Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 146498911
LCCN: n79003285
ISNI: 0000 0004 0372 0767
GND: 4027808-6
SELIBR: 149293
SUDOC: 02638955X
BNF: cb118646298 (data)
NLA: 35237752
NDL: 00564274
NKC: ge129403
BNE: XX451232










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Israel&oldid=792082222"					
Categories: Israel1948 establishments in Asia1948 establishments in IsraelArabic-speaking countries and territoriesCountries in AsiaEastern MediterraneanHebrew words and phrasesLiberal democraciesMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsMiddle Eastern countriesNear Eastern countriesPalestine (region)RepublicsStates and territories established in 1948Hidden categories: Pages with reference errorsCS1 maint: Extra textArticles needing more detailed referencesPages with broken reference namesCS1 maint: Extra text: authors listCS1 Hebrew-language sources (he)CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listArticles incorporating a citation from the 1913 Catholic Encyclopedia with Wikisource referenceCS1 uses Hebrew-language script (he)CS1 Spanish-language sources (es)Webarchive template wayback linksWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia pages under 30-500 editing restrictionCoordinates on WikidataUse dmy dates from September 2015Articles containing Hebrew-language textArticles containing Arabic-language textArticles containing non-English-language textArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles with hAudio microformatsArticles containing Greek-language textArticles with minor POV problems from May 2015All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles needing style editingWikipedia articles needing style editing from April 2017Articles with unsourced statements from March 2016Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2016Articles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with NLA identifiersArticles containing video clipsPages with graphs 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanঅসমীয়াAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиلۊری شومالیLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄MirandésМокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNa Vosa VakavitiNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNovialOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀPälzischپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaRipoarischRomânăRomaniRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskSesotho sa LeboaShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣತುಳುTürkçeTürkmençeУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVahcuenghVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 10:21.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






