    Mark Isto | First Nickel Inc. | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	ISTO Trademark of ISTO Technologies, Inc.. Serial Number: 78088874 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
ISTO










 
Get FREE email alerts













ISTO  Trademark Information
 ISTO Technologies, Inc.
pharmaceutical, biological and chemical research and product development services for others with respect to devices and synthetic, biological and cellular materials for the repair, replacement, growth enhancement and fusion of human tissues and drug discovery




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services





Words that describe this mark
pharmaceutical      biological   chemical   research   product   development   services   respect   devices   synthetic      biological   cellular   materials   repair      replacement      growth   enhancement   fusion   human   tissues   drug   discovery    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ISTO trademark by ISTO Technologies, Inc. 
                                in St. Louis, MO, 63132.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ISTO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ISTO Technologies, Inc. of the ISTO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ISTO trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 17, 2001,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ISTO by 
                        ISTO Technologies, Inc., St. Louis, MO  63132.
                        The USPTO has given the ISTO 
                        trademark serial  number of  78088874.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for ISTO is 
                        
                        
                                            Matthew J. Smith of 
                                            Polsinelli Shughart PC,  Suite 1000, 100 S. Fourth St. St. Louis MO 63102
                                .
                            The ISTO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ISTO 
                            is pharmaceutical, biological and chemical research and product development services for others with respect to devices and synthetic, biological and cellular materials for the repair, replacement, growth enhancement and fusion of human tissues and drug discovery. 
                            





Word mark:
 ISTO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

3/26/2014



  Serial Number:  
78088874


  Filing Date:  
10/17/2001


 Registration Number:  
2826325 


 Registration Date:  
3/23/2004


 Goods and Services: 
pharmaceutical, biological and chemical research and product development services for others with respect to devices and synthetic, biological and cellular materials for the repair, replacement, growth enhancement and fusion of human tissues and drug discovery


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
4/2/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

ISTO Technologies, Inc.St. Louis, MO  63132
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Matthew J. Smith
Polsinelli Shughart PC
Suite 1000
100 S. Fourth St.
St. Louis MO 63102





 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/1/2002


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/2002





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ISTO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/26/2014
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Matthew J. Smith


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ISTO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search isto on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ISTO 




ISTO is providing pharmaceutical, biological and chemical research and product development services for others with respect to devices and synthetic, biological and cellular materials for the repair, replacement, growth enhancement and fusion of human tissues and drug discovery.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Mark E. Isto - Executive Director-Project Evaluation, Rgld Gold (Canada) Inc at Royal Gold Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Mark E. Isto
Executive Director-Project Evaluation, Rgld Gold (Canada) Inc at Royal Gold Inc.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Mark E. Isto
Executive Director-Project Evaluation, Rgld Gold (Canada) Inc at Royal Gold Inc.



 Overview



Age



57
                                  (Born 1960)
                                              




Notable Companies


Royal Gold Inc.

RG Exchangeco, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 134 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketwired
February 8, 2017





                        Rogue Resources Announces new Board member, Creation of an Advisory Group and Granting of Stock Options                    





Marketline Newswire
June 13, 2016





                        Royal Gold names vice president of operations                    





Business Wire
June 2, 2016





                        Royal Gold Announces Promotion of Mark Isto to Vice President Operations                    





Marketwired
January 12, 2015





                        First Nickel Restructures the Lockerby Mine, Reducing Costs and Ensuring Continued Economic Viability                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Tony A. Jensen

President & Chief Executive Officer at Royal Gold Inc.




Stanley Dempsey

Former Chief Executive Officer at Royal Gold Inc.





Stefan Wenger

Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer at Royal Gold Inc.




William Hayes

Advisor-Calista Native Corporation, Alaska at Calista Corp.





Bruce Christopher Kirchhoff

Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary at Royal Gold Inc.




Sean Samson

Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Rogue Resources, Inc.





Thomas Michael Boehlert

Executive Vice President-Chief Financial Officer at Bunge Ltd.




M. Craig Haase

Former Vice Chairman, Chief Legal Officer & Executive Vice President at Franco-Nevada Mining Corp., Inc.





Ronald J. Vance

Former Senior Vice President-Corporate Development at Teck Resources Ltd.




Jamie Sokalsky

Former Director, President & Chief Executive Officer at Barrick Gold Corp.







See 124 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 124 More 


 


 Paths to Mark E. Isto



            Mark E. Isto          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Mark E. Isto






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Mark E. Isto.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Montana Tech of The University of Montana

                  Montana Tech of the University of Montana is a school.                




 


University of Nevada - Reno Foundation







 Career History



Executive Director-Project Evaluation, Rgld Gold (Canada) Inc

                                    2015 - Current                


Royal Gold Inc.


                  Royal Gold, Inc. engages in the investment, acquisition and management of precious metals royalties and streams. It operates through two business segments: Acquisition and Management of Royalty Interests and Acquisition and Management of Stream Interests. The company was founded on January 5, 1981 and is headquartered in Denver, CO.                




Executive Director-Project Evaluation

                                    2015 - Current                


RG Exchangeco, Inc.






Vice President, Operations

                                    2012 - 2014                


First Nickel, Inc.


                  First Nickel, Inc. engages in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral resources. It holds interests in the Lockerby Mine in the Sudbury Basin in northern Ontario. The company was founded by William John Anderson and Elizabeth J. Kirkwood on November 12, 2003 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.                




Senior Vice President-Project Development

                                    Prior                


Kinross Gold Corp.


                  Kinross’ core purpose is to lead the world in generating value through responsible mining. With strong operating and financial performance and a portfolio of gold growth projects, Kinross is uniquely positioned among senior gold producers to generate value for shareholders.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Mark E. Isto is affiliated with
                            Royal Gold Inc., RG Exchangeco, Inc., First Nickel, Inc., Kinross Gold Corp..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















ISTO Technologies Receives CE Mark for InQu® Bone Graft Substitute and Extender - Isto Biologics


















































 




Arteriocyte is now a part of Isto Biologics.













Menu















News + Views
Blog










ISTO Technologies Receives CE Mark for InQu® Bone Graft Substitute and Extender
Oct 13, 2011
St. Louis, MO, October 13, 2011 – ISTO Technologies, Inc., an orthobiologics company developing innovative cartilage and bone products for spinal therapy and sports medicine indications, today announced that it has received the Conformité Européenne (CE) Mark approval for its InQu® product line. InQu is a unique bone graft substitute and extender currently sold through a network of independent distributors in the United States. Receipt of the CE Mark enables ISTO to initiate a commercial launch of the product in Europe.
Mitchell Seyedin Ph.D, President & Chief Executive Officer of ISTO stated, “We are extremely pleased to receive the CE Mark for InQu. The product has proven to be an innovative and cost-effective bone grafting alternative for spinal fusion and other orthopedic surgeries in the United States and we believe that distribution in Europe will augment our domestic revenue growth. We are excited to expand the market for InQu and offer a great alternative for patients in need of bone grafting.”
InQu is a differentiated biomaterial scaffold of synthetic and biologic polymers used mainly in spinal fusion applications. The product is currently manufactured in four different forms (granules, paste, putty and a three-dimensional scaffold). The versatility of the product configurations provides surgeons with more options and allows for broader product applications. The company believes InQu represents a new approach to optimizing bone healing, based on its combination of structural and biological attributes inherent to two uniquely combined biomaterials, polylactide-co-glycolide (PLGA) and unmodified hyaluronic acid (HyA). Both biomaterials have a long history of safe and effective clinical use.
The structural component of InQu, PLGA, creates an osteoconductive scaffold, well-recognized to support new bone formation as it undergoes resorption at the site of implantation. HyA, a ubiquitous component of natural tissue, provides improved handling and is reported to exhibit several unique biophysical and biological properties, which play an important role during embryonic development, tissue regeneration and bone repair. InQu was developed by ISTO and launched in the U.S. in 2008.
About ISTO 
ISTO is a privately-held orthobiologics company dedicated to improving patient quality of life through the development of proprietary products for spinal therapies and sport medicine applications. ISTO’s products are intended for the repair and regeneration of damaged or injured cartilage and bone. For additional information on ISTO, please visit our website at www.istobiologics.com.
« Previous
Next »



 
 











To top











MARK Product |







































 













Search:


 



MARK Product
menu
Search

Products

All
Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other


News
About

Ethics and Sustainability
Hart Miller
Made in Britain
Meet the team


Contact
 






Mycroftview here >Arrisview here >Universalview here >Sixview here >Netview here >Shaperview here >Millyview here >Flagview here > 





NEW ALF BAR STOOL





Alf / bar stool





Alf / bar stool





Alf / mid height stool







Featured Project




Tate St Ives

 







News at MARK



JOB OPPORTUNITIES
Do you have the passion and drive to become a key part of our team, if so we’d love to hear from you. We’re currently looking to fill three new […]
		28.07.17	


SHOWROOM MOVE
As the summer break approaches the MARK showroom is moving – but not far – 50 paces around the corner. We’re really excited about our new, larger space – we’ll […]
		19.07.17	


MIXOLOGY AWARD WIN
We’re honoured that our design studio Hart Miller Design have won the highly regarded Design Team of the Year award at the Mix Interior Awards. Founding directors Anna Hart and […]
		20.06.17	





MARK on Instagram
Load More...Follow on Instagram 



See More on Twitter
Focal Point Gallery @FPGSouthendJoin us tomorrow for the launch of our new cultural venue on #Southend Seafront. 6-9pm. All welcome! @unittwentyone https:…17:39, WedRetweeted by MARKReplyRetweetFavouriteMARK @MARKProductGreat quote from Crystal Pite on creative leadership 'being a leader means I have to know what I'm doing. Being creative is exact opposite.'06:39, MonReplyRetweetFavourite 






MARK Product are designers of contemporary furniture based in Cornwall. All our products are manufactured here in the UK.

About
Stockists
News


MARK Product Ltd.
Showroom
31 Clerkenwell Road
London EC1M 5RN
020 7490 7718
Head Office
Rosemanowes Quarry
Herniss, Penryn
Cornwall, TR10 9DU
enquiries@markproduct.com
+44 (0)1209 860133

Follow MARK on Twitter
Follow MARK on Pinterest
Follow MARK on Instagram
Follow MARK on LinkedIn




Products

Arris
Bosco I
Bosco II
Flag
Fold
Laser
Milly
Mya
Mycroft
Mylar
Mylo
Iso


 

Alf
Net
Piazza
Shaper
Six
Slide
Studio
Type
Universal
Verso
Wave

 

Ranges

Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other




© MARK Product 2016. MARK Product is a trading name of Hart Miller Design Ltd. Company no. 6591744. All Rights Reserved. All intellectual property rights in our designs, products and the images on this website are, and will remain, the property of MARK Product. Any infringement of ours rights will be taken seriously.















Mark Isto, Royal Gold Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Mark Isto

VP:Operations,
Royal Gold Inc






Career History




VP:Operations
Royal Gold Inc, 7/2016-PRESENT


Exec Dir:Project Evaluation
Royal Gold Inc, UNKNOWN-7/2016


VP:Operations
First Nickel Inc, 5/2012-1/2015


Senior VP:Infrastructure
Kinross Gold Corp, UNKNOWN-5/2012


Senior VP:Project Development
Kinross Gold Corp, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.royalgold.com






Corporate Information
Address:

1660 Wynkoop Street
Suite 1000
Denver, CO 80202
United States


Phone:
1-303-573-1660


Fax:
1-303-595-9385


Web url:
www.royalgold.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Montana Technology
Bachelor's Degree


University of Nevada Reno
Master's Degree, Business Administration








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































  Product : MARK Product

































 













Search:


 



MARK Product
menu
Search

Products

All
Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other


News
About

Ethics and Sustainability
Hart Miller
Made in Britain
Meet the team


Contact
 









Alf bar stool





Alf





Studio / System





Mycroft / wing-back chair





Fold / sofa





Laser / table





Shaper / coffee table





Verso I





Verso II





Verso III





Verso / table





Arc bench





Mylo / armchair





Bosco I / sofa





Wave / table & benches





Piazza / sofa





Bosco II / sofa





Flag / table & benches





Type / table + benches





Arris / lounge chair





Arris / sofa





Arris / coffee table





Mycroft / sofa





Mylo / sofa





Mycroft / table





Universal / table





Bosco 1 / armchair





Milly / stool





Mylar / sofa





Mylar / tub chair





Mya / footstool





Net / chair





Net / stool





Six / coatstand





Iso / Table





Slide / sofa





Spin / table





Molly / bar stool





Alf stool










MARK Product are designers of contemporary furniture based in Cornwall. All our products are manufactured here in the UK.

About
Stockists
News


MARK Product Ltd.
Showroom
31 Clerkenwell Road
London EC1M 5RN
020 7490 7718
Head Office
Rosemanowes Quarry
Herniss, Penryn
Cornwall, TR10 9DU
enquiries@markproduct.com
+44 (0)1209 860133

Follow MARK on Twitter
Follow MARK on Pinterest
Follow MARK on Instagram
Follow MARK on LinkedIn




Products

Arris
Bosco I
Bosco II
Flag
Fold
Laser
Milly
Mya
Mycroft
Mylar
Mylo
Iso


 

Alf
Net
Piazza
Shaper
Six
Slide
Studio
Type
Universal
Verso
Wave

 

Ranges

Sofas
Chairs
Tables
Benches & Stools
Other




© MARK Product 2016. MARK Product is a trading name of Hart Miller Design Ltd. Company no. 6591744. All Rights Reserved. All intellectual property rights in our designs, products and the images on this website are, and will remain, the property of MARK Product. Any infringement of ours rights will be taken seriously.












  ISTO Technologies Receives CE Mark for InQu Bone Graft Substitute and Extender | Medlatest       Search for:    medicaldevicenews        ISTO Technologies Receives CE Mark for InQu Bone Graft Substitute and Extender ISTO Technologies, Inc., an orthobiologics company developing innovative cartilage and bone products for spinal therapy and sports medicine indications, today announced that it has received the CE Mark approval for its InQu® product line. InQu is a unique bone graft substitute and extender currently sold through a network of independent distributors in the United States. Receipt of the CE Mark enables ISTO to initiate a commercial launch of the product in Europe.Mitchell Seyedin Ph.D, President & Chief Executive Officer of ISTO stated, “We are extremely pleased to receive the CE Mark for InQu. The product has proven to be an innovative and cost-effective bone grafting alternative for spinal fusion and other orthopedic surgeries in the United States and we believe that distribution in Europe will augment our domestic revenue growth. We are excited to expand the market for InQu and offer a great alternative for patients in need of bone grafting.”InQu is a differentiated biomaterial scaffold of synthetic and biologic polymers used mainly in spinal fusion applications. The product is currently manufactured in four different forms (granules, paste, putty and a three-dimensional scaffold). The versatility of the product configurations provides surgeons with more options and allows for broader product applications. The company believes InQu represents a new approach to optimizing bone healing, based on its combination of structural and biological attributes inherent to two uniquely combined biomaterials, polylactide-co-glycolide (PLGA) and unmodified hyaluronic acid (HyA). Both biomaterials have a long history of safe and effective clinical use.The structural component of InQu, PLGA, creates an osteoconductive scaffold, well-recognized to support new bone formation as it undergoes resorption at the site of implantation. HyA, a ubiquitous component of natural tissue, provides improved handling and is reported to exhibit several unique biophysical and biological properties, which play an important role during embryonic development, tissue regeneration and bone repair. InQu was developed by ISTO and launched in the U.S. in 2008.About ISTOISTO is a privately-held orthobiologics company dedicated to improving patient quality of life through the development of proprietary products for spinal therapies and sport medicine applications. ISTO’s products are intended for the repair and regeneration of damaged or injured cartilage and bone. For additional information on ISTO, please visit our website at www.istotech.com.Source: ISTO Technologies ShareTweetGoogleWhatsappLinkedin      @medlatest follow medlatestSign up for our Daily Digest email:     Tweets by @medlatest    ∧                