
Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine 


































PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine



Share Article


















ITFT has developed a patented technology called the Safe Driving System designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents caused from distracted driving, reckless driving, and speeding.








Approximately 86% of car accidents are caused by one of three occurrences: reckless driving, speeding, and cellular-distracted driving. The Safe Driving System is designed to prevent all three of those occurrences.


Charlotte, NC (PRWEB)
January 10, 2017
 ITFT, Inc. (“ITFT” or the “Company”) today announced the launch of its investment crowdfunding campaign on the crowdfunding portal StartEngine (http://www.startengine.com). The Company is offering early investors the opportunity to join them on the journey to make the roads a safer place. ITFT’s signature product,the Safe Driving System, is a patented technology designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents. The net proceeds of the offering will be used to fund the completion of product development and testing of the Safe Driving System prototype, as well as to complete a comprehensive pilot program before bringing the Safe Driving System to market.
Approximately 86% of car accidents are caused by one of three occurrences: reckless driving, speeding, and cellular-distracted driving. The Safe Driving System is designed to prevent all three of those occurrences, through speed prevention, speed and accident notifications, and the ability to choose what apps the driver is able to use while operating a vehicle. 
ITFT designed the Safe Driving System specifically with parents in mind. The product is perfect for new drivers and worried parents, which there is no shortage of in the United States- there are currently around 39 million families in the country with at least one child under the age of 18. 
“I created the Safe Driving System after I lost multiple friends to automobile accidents,” said ITFT CEO Matthew Godley. “I saw what it did to their families, and our entire community, and I vowed that I was going to create something to ensure these kinds of horrific accidents stopped. The Safe Driving System is a perfect solution for parents wanting to find that sweet spot between their child’s independence and their own peace of mind.”
Interested individuals can find out more information about ITFT’s investment crowdfunding campaign by visiting http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.
ABOUT ITFT 
ITFT was founded with a simple mission in mind: prevent car accidents; save lives. The Company’s initial product, the Safe Driving System, is a comprehensive solution designed to prevent speeding, reckless driving, and distracted driving. The Company is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina. For more information on the Company, visit http://www.itftsolutions.com. Prospective investors, please visit http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company, nor will there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.



Share article on social media or email:










View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Megan Jasso
ITFT +1 3307157317
				Email >
			
ITFT
				Like >
			


									Visit website
								




News Center



Press Releases: One News Page






















Edition:  Global  
One News Page“Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world”


HOMEWORLDSPORTSPOLITICSBUSINESSPEOPLESCITECH
BusinessMarketsMoneyReal EstateLegal • Corporate News • Press Releases News  More Press Releases news >> 



SECOND QUARTER »PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Announces Date for Release of Second Quarter 2017 ResultsReported by Business WireWESTLAKE VILLAGE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (NYSE: PMT) will announce results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 in a news release to be issued after the market close on Thursday, August 3, 2017. The release will be available online at www.PennyMac-REIT.com. The.. »more

Topics in Press Releases newsANTICOSTIASSEMBLYCALIFORNIAMORTGAGEOBAMACAREREAL MADRIDSECOND QUARTERTRANSGENDERUNITED STATESWELLS FARGOPress Releases VideosWhat To Know About The Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly 2017 Election 01:42California Has An Excess Weed Problem, So What Now? 00:59Poll: 50 Percent Oppose Repealing Obamacare Without a Replacement 00:39Zinedine Zidane Doesn't Believe Cristiano Ronaldo Will Leave Real Madrid This SummerImax Reports Loss in Revenue for Second Quarter 00:39Elijah Transgender Military PKGUnited States Men's Soccer Team Wins Gold Cup Final Over Jamaica 00:28Wells Fargo Issues Request After Leaking Info in Court Case 00:42 CALIFORNIA »                  
Western Digital Comments on Superior Court of California’s OrderSAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Western Digital Corp. (NASDAQ: WDC) today issued the following statement regarding the order of the Superior Court of California for the County of San Francisco (“the Court”): Following the directive of the Court at the July 14, 2017 hearing, Toshiba has entered..Business Wire 6 hours ago
 UNITED STATES »                  
United States Water Pumps Market - Forecasts & Opportunities 2012-2026 - Research and MarketsDUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The "United States Water Pumps Market, By Type (Positive Displacement & Centrifugal), By Application (Oil & Gas, Water Treatment, Power & Others), Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2012-2026" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering. United States water..Business Wire 13 hours ago
 ASSEMBLY »
Foxconn and Rockwell Automation Announce Partnership to Implement Industry-Leading IIoT Solutions at Foxconn’s Consumer Electronics Assembly OperationsMILWAUKEE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., also known as Foxconn, and Rockwell Automation announced today that they are collaborating to implement Connected Enterprise and Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) concepts for smart manufacturing in Foxconn's new U.S. facilities...Business Wire 17 hours ago
 OBAMACARE »
Retailers Say Disappointment Over Failed Obamacare Vote Will ‘Fuel Our Push’ for ImprovementsWASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The National Retail Federation said retailers remain committed to fixing Obamacare despite the failure of a “skinny” repeal bill in the Senate.Business Wire 15 hours ago
 TRANSGENDER »
Strive and VFR Healthcare to Offer Free Confidential Crisis Counseling to Transgender Military CommunityNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Two organizations are offering free confidential crisis counseling to those dealing with events in the transgender military community.Business Wire 17 hours ago
 REAL MADRID »
NIVEA Men & Real Madrid C.F. Team Up for El Clásico MiamiWILTON, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Building on the brand’s global sponsorship of Real Madrid C.F, NIVEA Men is excited to announce their partnership at El Clásico Miami.Business Wire 17 hours ago
 MORTGAGE »
LIBOR Changes to Effect Mortgages in the United States, According to Andy May, COO, AAFMAA Mortgage ServicesChanges in LIBOR will caution many lenders in the mortgage market, according to Andy May, COO, AAFMAA Mortgage Services (AMS).

Fayetteville, North Carolina (PRWEB) July 28, 2017

Future changes in LIBOR (London Interbank Offered Rate) may cause disruptions in the adjustable rate..PRWeb 7 hours ago
 ANTICOSTI »
Petrolia reacts to the announcement regarding Anticosti*QUÉBEC CITY, QUÉBEC--(Marketwired - July 28, 2017) -* *Pétrolia Inc. (TSX VENTURE:PEA)* wishes to comment on the adoption of a ministerial decree by the Quebec government that now prohibits the exploration and exploitation of oil and gas on Anticosti Island. Pétrolia also wishes to make some..Marketwired 10 hours ago
 More Press Releases news >> 

Facebook Page


PeopleDonald TrumpNawaz SharifDana WhiteJohn McCainCurrent TopicsChief Of StaffWhite HouseReince PriebusRussia SanctionsKatie Couric
Spotlight📺 Live TV
Movie Reviews



Staff Stories
Bond Is Back - But We're Very Short On Details
Freedom Of Movement Between The UK And EU To End With Brexit: British Government
Adobe Flash To Be Discontinued In 2020
Is Microsoft Paint Dead Or Alive? Here's The Verdict
MOVIE REVIEW: War for the Planet of the Apes
Has Another Person Been 'Cured' Of HIV?
This Week In History: July 24 - July 30
MOVIE REVIEW: Dunkirk




 
Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy
© 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation
 RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal
How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+







Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public - One News Page




































Edition:  Global  
One News Page“Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world”


HOMEWORLDSPORTSPOLITICSBUSINESSPEOPLESCITECH
BusinessMarketsMoneyReal EstateLegal • Corporate News • One News Page  > Press Releases > Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine







Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine

Tuesday, 10 January 2017

ITFT has developed a patented technology called the Safe Driving System designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents caused from distracted driving, reckless driving, and speeding.

Charlotte, NC (PRWEB) January 10, 2017

ITFT, Inc. (“ITFT” or the “Company”) today announced the launch of its investment crowdfunding campaign on the crowdfunding portal StartEngine (http://www.startengine.com). The Company is offering early investors the opportunity to join them on the journey to make the roads a safer place. ITFT’s signature product,the Safe Driving System, is a patented technology designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents. The net proceeds of the offering will be used to fund the completion of product development and testing of the Safe Driving System prototype, as well as to complete a comprehensive pilot program before bringing the Safe Driving System to market.

Approximately 86% of car accidents are caused by one of three occurrences: reckless driving, speeding, and cellular-distracted driving. The Safe Driving System is designed to prevent all three of those occurrences, through speed prevention, speed and accident notifications, and the ability to choose what apps the driver is able to use while operating a vehicle.

ITFT designed the Safe Driving System specifically with parents in mind. The product is perfect for new drivers and worried parents, which there is no shortage of in the United States- there are currently around 39 million families in the country with at least one child under the age of 18.

“I created the Safe Driving System after I lost multiple friends to automobile accidents,” said ITFT CEO Matthew Godley. “I saw what it did to their families, and our entire community, and I vowed that I was going to create something to ensure these kinds of horrific accidents stopped. The Safe Driving System is a perfect solution for parents wanting to find that sweet spot between their child’s independence and their own peace of mind.”

Interested individuals can find out more information about ITFT’s investment crowdfunding campaign by visiting http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.

ABOUT ITFT

ITFT was founded with a simple mission in mind: prevent car accidents; save lives. The Company’s initial product, the Safe Driving System, is a comprehensive solution designed to prevent speeding, reckless driving, and distracted driving. The Company is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina. For more information on the Company, visit http://www.itftsolutions.com. Prospective investors, please visit http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company, nor will there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.» View on web
0sharesShare onFacebookShare onTwitterPost on RedditShare byEmail 

You Might Like


Other recent news in Press Releases
PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust Announces Date for Release of SECOND QUARTER 2017 ResultsBaron & Budd Investigating WELLS FARGO For Forcing Customers to Pay for Unwanted Auto Insurance
Western Digital Comments on Superior Court of CALIFORNIA’s OrderUNITED STATES Water Pumps Market - Forecasts & Opportunities 2012-2026 - Research and Markets
Foxconn and Rockwell Automation Announce Partnership to Implement Industry-Leading IIoT Solutions at Foxconn’s Consumer Electronics ASSEMBLY OperationsRetailers Say Disappointment Over Failed OBAMACARE Vote Will ‘Fuel Our Push’ for Improvements
Strive and VFR Healthcare to Offer Free Confidential Crisis Counseling to TRANSGENDER Military CommunityNIVEA Men & REAL MADRID C.F. Team Up for El Clásico Miami
LIBOR Changes to Effect MORTGAGEs in the United States, According to Andy May, COO, AAFMAA MORTGAGE ServicesPetrolia reacts to the announcement regarding ANTICOSTI

Twitter


Facebook Page


PeopleDonald TrumpNawaz SharifDana WhiteJohn McCainCurrent TopicsChief Of StaffWhite HouseRussia SanctionsReince PriebusScaramucci s Wife
Spotlight📺 Live TV
Movie Reviews



Staff Stories
Bond Is Back - But We're Very Short On Details
Freedom Of Movement Between The UK And EU To End With Brexit: British Government
Adobe Flash To Be Discontinued In 2020
Is Microsoft Paint Dead Or Alive? Here's The Verdict
MOVIE REVIEW: War for the Planet of the Apes
Has Another Person Been 'Cured' Of HIV?
This Week In History: July 24 - July 30
MOVIE REVIEW: Dunkirk







 
Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy
© 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation
 RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal
How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+











ITFT, Inc. Reg CF SEC Securities Filing | Disclosure Quest

















← Back to search


    Currently Viewing:
    
DocumentHTML
0001665160-17-000106.txt
startengnineinvestprocess.pdf
profileinvestscreenshots.pdf




Link to this page



Tweet this filing 


URL copied to clipboard



    Unfortunately, there is no HTML record of this filing.
  












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine











directory

sites
press 

Submit Site

Submit Press Release


































Text



All Categories Alternative Fuel Vehicles
Automobile equipment & GPS
Automobile Research , Training & Education
Automobile Schools & Technology
Automobile Workshop USA
Business
Car  Parts
Cars
Clubs
Consumer Information
Dealers
Dealers: US States
Discount Zone
Driving and Safety
Electric Vehicles
Enthusiasts
Kit Cars and Replicas
Miscellaneous
Motorcycles
Motorcycles: Parts and Accessories
Purchasing
Racing
Rentals
Rentals: U.S. States
Repair and Maintenance
Toys
Trucking








 





















Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation), Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity for General Public on StartEngine

18th January, 2017

 Charlotte, NC - January 10, 2017 - ITFT, Inc. (“ITFT” or the “Company”) today announced the launch of its investment crowdfunding campaign on the crowdfunding portal StartEngine. The Company is offering early investors the opportunity to join them on the journey to make the roads a safer place. ITFTs signature product,the Safe Driving System, is a patented technology designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents. The net proceeds of the offering will be used to fund the completion of product development and testing of the Safe Driving System prototype, as well as to complete a comprehensive pilot program before bringing the Safe Driving System to market.

Approximately 86% of car accidents are caused by one of three occurrences: reckless driving, speeding, and cellular-distracted driving. The Safe Driving System is designed to prevent all three of those occurrences, through speed prevention, speed and accident notifications, and the ability to choose what apps the driver is able to use while operating a vehicle.

ITFT designed the Safe Driving System specifically with parents in mind. The product is perfect for new drivers and worried parents, which there is no shortage of in the United States- there are currently around 39 million families in the country with at least one child under the age of 18.

“I created the Safe Driving System after I lost multiple friends to automobile accidents,” said ITFT CEO Matthew Godley. “I saw what it did to their families, and our entire community, and I vowed that I was going to create something to ensure these kinds of horrific accidents stopped. The Safe Driving System is a perfect solution for parents wanting to find that sweet spot between their child’s independence and their own peace of mind.”

ABOUT ITFT

ITFT was founded with a simple mission in mind: prevent car accidents; save lives. The Companys initial product, the Safe Driving System, is a comprehensive solution designed to prevent speeding, reckless driving, and distracted driving. The Company is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina.

This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company, nor will there be any sale of securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.

Url: 
http://itftsolutions.com/
 


 







Automobile Directory
|
Submit Auto Site
|
Auto News
|
Search
|
Privacy
|
Contact Us
                 
                
                    © 2005-2015 AutomobileDir.Com - Automobile Directory
                    

                    The AutomobileDir web directory lists quality auto companies, shops and 
                    automotive information sites. New auto/car websites are listed daily here.  
                    The comprehensive automotive search engine to find anything you need on 
                    cars, trucks, motorcycles and auto related products, services, companies, 
                    information on the web.
                     
                     
                    
                     
                









PowerFilm Inc. | altE




























































SHOP
RESOURCES
COMMUNITY




BLOG







Friendly. Knowledgeable. Helpful.


It was a very enjoyable experience to have a person that makes you feel more like a friend than an annoying customer. - Valois Saint Marys, GA




Login  


My Account
My Showcase




  Free Quote |  
   Installers | 




$ (USD)
CA$ (CAD)
€ (EUR)
£ (GBP)
AED
AMD
ANG
ARS
A$ (AUD)
AWG
BBD
BGN
BHD
BMD
BND
BOB
BSD
BTC
BWP
BYR
CHF
CLP
CN¥ (CNY)
COP
CRC
DKK
DOP
DZD
EGP
FJD
GEL
GIP
GTQ
HK$ (HKD)
HUF
IDR
₪ (ILS)
₹ (INR)
ISK
JMD
JOD
¥ (JPY)
KES
KHR
₩ (KRW)
KWD
KYD
KZT
LBP
LKR
MAD
MDL
MRO
MUR
MWK
MX$ (MXN)
MYR
NGN
NOK
NPR
NZ$ (NZD)
OMR
PEN
PGK
PHP
PKR
PLN
QAR
RON
RUB
SAR
SCR
SEK
SGD
฿ (THB)
TND
TRY
TTD
NT$ (TWD)
TZS
UAH
UYU
UZS
₫ (VND)
EC$ (XCD)
CFA (XOF)
ZAR








877-878-4060


0














SHOP ALL PRODUCTS


FEATURED PRODUCTS

Solar Panels


Solar Power Systems


Inverters


Charge Controllers


Deep Cycle Batteries

MORE PRODUCTS

Cables & Wiring


Enclosures, Electrical & Safety


Heat Pump Water Heaters


Inverter Power Panels


Lighting & Fans


Meters, Communications & Site Analysis


Portable Power Systems


Refrigerators & Freezers


Solar Panel Mounts


Solar Water Pumps


Voltage Converters


Wind Turbines


* Clearance Sale *






Browse by Brand
ABB
AET
AltE
Ameresco Solar 
American Water Heater Company
Aquion Energy
Battery Life Savers
Battle Born
Blue Sea
Blue Sky
Bogart Engineering
Burndy Products
Canadian Solar, Inc.
Concorde
Dankoff
Daystar, Inc.
Deka - Unigy II
Delta
Dometic
DPW
Eaton Corp.
EcoFasten Solar
Efergy Energy Monitors
Enphase Energy
Fronius
Genasun
Go Power
Hellermann Tyton Corp.
I-Energy
IOTA
IronRidge
LEDtronics
MadgeTech
Magnum
Maximum Inc
Midnite Solar
MK
Morningstar
MT Solar
Multi-Contact
Natural Light
Noco
Outback
P3 International (Kill-A-Watt)
Panasonic
Phocos
Pika Energy
Primus Windpower
RCH Fanworks
S-5!
Samlex America
Schneider Electric
SES Flexcharge USA
Shurflo
SimpliPhi Power
SMA
Soladeck
Solar Converters
Solar Pathfinder
Solar-Log
SolarEdge
SolarFocus
SolarWorld
Solectria
Sonali Solar
Square D
Steca
Stiebel Eltron
Sun Pumps
Sundanzer
Sunlinq
SunMaxx Solar
SunRotor
Sunwize
Surrette Batteries
Tamarack Solar
Trojan
Tyco Electronics
Universal
Vikram Solar 
Wiley Electronics
Xantrex
Your Solar Home
Zephyr Industries









Store
/ PowerFilm Inc.

PowerFilm Inc.





PowerFilm, Inc. (formerly known as Iowa Thin Film Technologies (ITFT)) is a privately-held company that was founded in 1988. The company has invested a decade in developing thin film products, as well as key manufacturing technologies to produce monolithically-integrated semiconductor devices on a plastic substrate using a true roll-to-roll manufacturing process. Iowa Thin Film has proprietary technology, is selling product, has several strategic partnerships, and is poised for significant growth as it commercializes thin film power and electronic devices.Iowa Thin Film Technologies was the first and remains the only company in the world that manufactures and sells monolithically-integrated semiconductor devices on plastic using a true roll-to-roll manufacturing process.
ITFT's PowerFilm TM photovoltaic modules are ultra flexible, durable, and lightweight. PowerFilm is sold to three primary markets: consumer electronics, outdoor and recreation, and remote and military. ITFT also is developing integrated PowerFilm TM products for Building Integrated Photovoltaics, and is forming strategic partnerships with major building materials companies.












 










©1999-2016 Alternative Energy Store Inc.
All Rights Reserved.

		altE
		330 Codman Hill Road
 		Boxborough, MA 01719
	    
877-878-4060









 

altE®
Press
Affiliate Program
Popular Searches
Site Map
Job Openings


MORE INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
Help
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy




Desktop Website 
    | 
    Mobile Website

 











ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) | StartEngine














































Hello there.
Sign in to continue.


Hello there.
Sign in to continue.















Forgot Password?










Create Account







 
 









New to StartEngine?
Enter your email address to sign up


Welcome! You've been referred to StartEngine
We offer investment opportunities in growing companies, helping entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.
To confirm your referral, please enter your email.










Thanks for signing up!
An email has been sent to . Check your inbox to complete signing up.



Already have an account? Login here










Forgot Password
Please enter your email and we'll send you further instructions.




Back to Login













                  




















{{profileCtrl.error}}



      The ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) offering is now closed and is no longer accepting investments.
  







      113
    

      Investors
    




        $174,010.00
      


      Raised of $50K - $1M goal
    












      ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation)
    

      The Safe Driving System
    



        Small OPO
      


        Davidson, NC
      


        Transportation
      


        US Investors Only
      








        ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation)
      

        The Safe Driving System
      








            Small OPO
          




            Davidson, NC
          




            Transportation
          




            US Investors Only
          







      113
    

      Investors
    




        $174,010.00
      


      Raised of $50K - $1M goal
    













      Overview
    



      Team
    



      Terms
    



      Updates
    



      Comments
    



      Share
    



















































The Future of Safe Driving Is In Your Hands




Invest In ITFT and the Safe Driving System




“Did you know the leading cause of teenage fatalities in the United States is car accidents? I know, it’s a heavy stat to start off with, but it’s a growing, nation-wide epidemic that affects families and friends of the victims, as well as their entire communities.  Experiencing firsthand what this is like after several friends of mine died in car accidents, I made it my life’s mission to create technology to prevent more people from losing their lives the same way.Last year, approximately 38,300 people lost their lives in car accidents while an additional 4.4 million people were injured and needed medical assistance.  The estimated costs of car accidents last year alone was $847 billion.  The Department of Transportation calculated that 94% of all accidents are a result of human error such as speeding, reckless driving, and distracted driving.  These senseless problems have plagued our roads and communities for too long and it is time for a solution to emerge that can prevent them from continuing.The Safe Driving System is a patented system designed to prevent drivers from speeding and driving recklessly. Users even have the ability to select the apps they want to use while driving, and eliminate the rest. This alone could prevent up to 86% of accidents that are the result of speeding, reckless driving or distracted driving.  We’re paving the road for a safer future and hope you will join us.”-Matthew Godley, ITFT Creator and CEO








Invest






$10/Share at a minimum of 20 shares per investor. See Offering Summary for more information.






Perks






At a $500 investment level and above, you’ll receive the Safe Driving System after development and commercialization is fully completed and get a complimentary, free one-year subscription (worth roughly $300). After the year is up, you’ll receive first priority on all new products and services, and be eligible for potential discounts.








Our Mission










Our mission is simple: prevent car accidents; save lives.  Until now, a seamless solution has not existed to prevent speeding, reckless driving and cellular-distracted driving. Our purpose in creating the Safe Driving System is to offer parents and other users technology that can eliminate up to 86% of car accidents from ever happening.  As a bonus, the effectiveness of our safety features also reduce the costs of transportation including fuel, insurance and maintenance costs.








Key Facts




Designed to be installed in any car manufactured after 1996Affordable at an expected $25/month costSeamlessly integrates with the vehicle’s CANBUS system to harness the ability to prevent speedingAllows parents to either set up notifications or actions for their teenage driversUsers have the ability to select the apps they want to use while driving, and eliminate the rest



















Why I'm Investing In ITFT










"Far too many people die each day due to reckless driving and ITFT is bringing an innovative solution to market that will alleviate these statistics. ITFT’s Safe Driving System leverages patented technology that consists of a small plug-in device for a vehicle’s OBD-II port with accompanying software that is programed to geo-locate where a vehicle is in real time, recognize the speed limit at such vehicle’s location and govern the vehicle accordingly when warranted. In terms of functionality, it’s simple. Someone could have the gas pedal floored and it simply wouldn’t go above the speed limit. The market opportunity expands well beyond school districts looking to keep their students safe and concerned friends and family members looking to keep each other safe. Over time, as ITFT collects a wealth of data on drivers’ historical patterns, this type of information will be valuable for fleet managers as well as insurance companies.  The Company’s laser-focused founder, patented technology, and the broader market opportunity were reason enough to support ITFT with our capital, but our true return will be measured in the number of lives saved."-  Chris Dalton, Mardal Investments






How The Safe Driving System Will Help You



















For Parents




The SDS is a parent’s dream come true. You know that simultaneous feeling of pride and horror when your teenager got their driver’s license? We get it, and we’re here to lessen the horror portion a bit. As long as your teen is driving a car manufactured after 1996, you can easily install the SDS and select the features you’d like. For example, if you just want to monitor your teen’s driving, you can select notifications and choose a speed threshold. If you choose a speed threshold of 10MPH over the limit, you'll get a notification any time your teen surpasses that limit (or any threshold you select). You’ll also get accident alerts and arrival notifications, so you can breathe easier knowing they’re safe, while no longer needing to hound them to text or call you when they arrive places.










For Individuals




We can all use a little help with accountability. Between emails, skimming Twitter and changing our Spotify playlist, it’s understandable that we’re not as focused as we should be while driving. With the SDS, you can choose which apps you can use while driving - we like to enable music, navigation, and the actual calling features. Any app you don’t choose will be blocked until the car is turned off.  If you want to go above and beyond for safety, and save money on car insurance, features such as speed prevention and reckless driving settings can be activated as well.
































For Business Owners And Fleets




The SDS is a long desired solution for municipalities, ride-sharing services and schools, among others. When installed in your vehicles, it will help keep your drivers both safe and accountable. In an age where lawsuits are common, the SDS provides an extra layer of prevention for your employees. Depending on the features activated, the SDS can greatly reduce transportation costs through savings in fuel, maintenance and insurance.The feature we believe most important is the ability to integrate a “panic button” into apps such as Uber and Lyft. If a rider feels unsafe, they can push a panic button that integrates with the app, which simultaneously calls emergency services, alerts the authorities, and brings the vehicle to a complete stop in order for the passenger to exit the vehicle safely. We also keep the drivers safe - they have their own button they can press, which alerts the authorities, starts recording video and audio so everything is documented when the police get to the scene.The features discussed in this section are subject to the company's continued development of the Safe Driving System. Some features may not be available in the initial version of the Safe Driving System, if at all.








Competitor Comparison






ITFT will be the only solution available to actually prevent speeding and discourage reckless driving. We have the only patented technology that connects directly to the car’s system to slow and stop the vehicle in the case of excessive speeding or reckless driving. Additionally, we have the sole patented technology to integrate with ride-sharing services like Uber and Lyft to provide a panic button in case of an emergency. The Safe Driving System is truly the only comprehensive solution available. 

















*Has Maximum Speed Alert Only






How It Works






We believe this is a great overview of the system and how it works; however, if you are interested in the intricate engineering functions, we will happily sit down and chat with you. Here is what you absolutely have to know:The Safe Driving System consists of an OBDII (Onboard Diagnostics) connector and a mobile app. You select the features you want to take advantage of in order to prevent speeding, reckless driving, cellular distracted driving, and receiving accident notifications.More specifically, our technology integrates with the CAN bus operating system of a vehicle in order to give the vehicle specific commands that are programmed by you- whether it's just to notify you of speeding and reckless driving, or to actually slow or stop the car if these types of events arise.

















Market






Our initial target market is focused on the parents of teenagers. The U.S. Census Bureau in 2014 reported there were approximately 37.5 million families in the United States with at least one child under the age of 18.  Furthermore, there are approximately 15 million teenage drivers in the United States.Additional markets and applications for the Safe Driving System include commercial fleets, rental car agencies, government municipalities, school buses, taxi cabs, and ride-sharing services.We interviewed over 200 people through in-person interviews to ensure we were designing a product that was completely relevant and user-friendly. Here is what some of those people had to say about our Safe Driving System:



























































Opportunity






We believe ITFT is transformational due to the fact our patented technology is superior to current competitors.  Additionally, the Safe Driving System has a large market potential because of its multi-faceted solutions across several transportation industries.  We are providing a chance for people to invest in a company whose sole focus is to save lives and take the lead in automotive safety.  Together, we can save millions of lives across the world.






Timeline






What’s really exciting about the SDS (besides increasing safety, and decreasing cost, of course) is the fact that our patents are in, our technology is cutting-edge and we just need your help to get us across the finish line. This means that once our campaign is successfully funded, things are going to start happening very quickly. Here’s an overview:










**The dates and milestones listed above are based on management's current projections and plans. These are subject to change at the discretion of management. ITFT does not guarantee that the events will occur by the above targets, if at all.






Help Pave The Road






Proceeds from our Online Public Offering will be used to complete our product development and testing, as well as complete a comprehensive pilot program before bringing the Safe Driving System to market. This is all projected to be completed within six months of a successful offering closing date. After completing our pilot programs, we will begin recruiting organizations to use the Safe Driving System in their fleet vehicles.






Let's Do This






To my prospective shareholder:Never before has the public been so widely eligible to help steer emerging companies and truly change the future’s landscape. Sure, people have had the opportunity in the past to invest in IPOs, but those were for well-established companies that were set in their ways for the most part.Now, under the new federal crowdfunding rules, you have the opportunity to help shape our company and pave the road for a safer future. Together, we are going to change the landscape of automotive technology - I know it. In the age of “there’s an app for that,” there is no reason that we should even be concerned with the safety of ourselves and our children while driving. Our patented technology is finally going to quiet our concerns and make our roads safer, for ourselves and our children.I have spent the last three years of my life making this dream a reality. Now, it’s time for us to work together to make it happen. Let’s go! 























            Meet the Founder{{profileCtrl.founders.length === 1 ? '' : 's'}}
          








            {{profileCtrl.founders.length ? 'And the Rest of the Team' : 'Meet the Team'}}
          










Offering Summary

Up to 100,000 Shares of Non-voting Common Stock, $10.00 per shareMinimum purchase (investment amount): 20 Shares ($200.00)The following summary highlights selected information contained in the Offering Memorandum. This summary does not contain all of the information that may be important to you. You should read the more detailed information contained in the Offering Memorandum, including, but not limited to, the risk factors beginning on page 4.The OfferingWe are offering (the “Offering”) to investors (“Investors”) up to 100,000 shares (“Shares”) of Series B Non-voting Common Stock, no par value per share (“Non-voting Common Stock”), at a price of $10 per Share. The minimum purchase is 20 Shares for a minimum investment amount of $200. The gross proceeds of the Offering will be a maximum of $1,000,000 (the “maximum offering amount”). Proceeds from subscriptions for Shares will be held by FundAmerica Securities, LLC (“FundAmerica”), as escrow agent, until such time as a minimum amount of 5,000 Shares, for gross proceeds of $50,000 (the “minimum offering amount”) are sold (and we determine, in our sole discretion, to conduct an initial closing at that time). In the event that we do not sell the minimum offering amount of Shares prior to the offering deadline of April 28, 2017 (the “offering deadline”), no securities will be sold in the Offering, investment commitments will be cancelled, and committed funds will be returned to Investors without deduction, interest, or setoff. General Terms of the OfferingIssuerITFT, Inc., a North Carolina corporation.Securities Being OfferedSeries B non-voting common stock, no par value per share.Price Per Share$10.00 per Share. Minimum Offering Amount5,000 Shares for gross proceeds of $50,000.Maximum Offering Amount100,000 Shares for gross proceeds of $1,000,000.Offering PeriodThe Offering will expire on April 28, 2017, unless earlier closed or terminated.Eligible InvestorsThe Offering of Shares is open to citizens of the United States.EscrowProceeds of the sale of the Shares will be held by FundAmerica, as escrow agent, until such time as we have accepted subscriptions for the minimum offering amount of Shares. In the event the we have not received proceeds from the sale of Shares for the minimum offering amount prior to expiration of the Offering, no securities will be sold in the Offering, investment commitments will be cancelled, and committed funds will be returned to Investors without deduction, interest or setoff. Voting RightsEach Share will be non-voting.IPO ConversionIn the event that we close on an initial public offering (“IPO”) of our stock, outstanding shares of the Non-voting Common Stock will be converted into shares of the class or series of stock offered and sold in such IPO, subject to the requirement that each holder first enter into a customary market stand-off agreement.Regulation A ExchangeIn the event that we conduct an offering under Regulation A of the same class of securities or an equivalent class of securities offered and sold in the Offering, Investors will be required to exchange the Non-voting Common Stock for the securities offered and sold under such Regulation A offering.Transfer RestrictionsThe Shares may not be transferred by any purchaser of such securities for the one-year period following the closing unless under certain circumstances. Please see “Ownership and Capital Structure; Rights of the Securities—Restrictions on Transfer” in the Offering Memorandum.Book Entry SharesAll Shares will be uncertificated and recorded in book-entry form on the books and records of ITFT, except as otherwise required by law. We expect to engage a registered transfer agent prior to the closing of the Offering, but may, in our sole discretion, decide to act as our own registrar and transfer agent in connection with the Offering. Dispute ResolutionThe Subscription Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of North Carolina. By signing the Subscription Agreement, each Investor submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in North Carolina with respect to any suit, action or proceeding relating to the Offering.  Closing and Termination of OfferingUntil the minimum offering amount of Shares have been sold, all proceeds from the sale of Shares will be held by the escrow agent. After the minimum offering amount of Shares are sold and we determine, in our sole discretion, to conduct an initial closing of the Offering, we will provide notice about the new offering deadline at least five business days prior to the new offering deadline (absent a material change that would require an extension of the offering and reconfirmation of the investment commitment), after which time all amounts held by the escrow agent will be delivered to ITFT. Thereafter, we may conduct additional closings until the final offering deadline up to the maximum offering amount. In the event we do not sell the minimum offering amount of Shares by the Offering Deadline, no securities will be sold in the Offering, investment commitments will be cancelled, and committed funds will be returned. The Shares will be offered and closed only when a properly completed and signed Subscription Agreement is submitted by each Investor or his/her representative and is received and accepted by us. The Subscription Agreement as submitted by each Investor or his/her representative shall be binding once ITFT countersigns the Subscription Agreement. The Shares will be maintained in book-entry form, and notice of issuance of the Shares will be delivered to accepted Investors shortly after the applicable closing.Investors may cancel an investment commitment until 48 hours prior to the offering deadline. Irregular Use of ProceedsNet proceeds of the Offering may be used for vendor fees, salaries, and/or expenses paid to the company’s director or officers or their friends or family in return for services performed for the company; travel expenses for the company’s officers; and repayment of outstanding indebtedness, in each case, exceeding $10,000. Please see “Use of Proceeds—Irregular Use of Proceeds” in the Offering Memorandum for additional information.Valuation MethodologyWe have not undertaken any efforts to produce a formal valuation of ITFT, nor have we received an independent, third-party valuation of ITFT. The price of the Shares reflects the opinion of the our CEO, with the counsel of members of the Board of Advisors, as to what a fair value would be based on global industry valuation reports, peer group product comparisons, and prior arms’-length negotiations with prospective venture capital investors. However, the implied estimated valuation of ITFT, based upon the total number of shares of common stock outstanding prior to the Offering (without consideration of any options or warrants issued or issuable in the future) and the $10 per share purchase price of the Shares being offered and sold in the Offering, was approximately $8,635,000.

Irregular Use of Proceeds

      Example - The Company might incur Irregular Use of Proceeds that may include but are not limited to the following over $10,000: Vendor payments and salary made to one's self, a friend or relative; Any expense labeled "Administration Expenses" that is not strictly for administrative purposes; Any expense labeled "Travel and Entertainment"; Any expense that is for the purposes of inter-company debt or back payments.
    





            Offering Details
          





            Form C Filings
          





        Show More
      





Most recent fiscal year-end:
Prior fiscal year-end:






            Total Assets
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Cash And Cash Equivalents
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Accounts Receivable
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Short Term Debt
          






                  $103,780.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $97,453.00
                

                  USD
                








            Long Term Debt
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Revenues And Sales
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Costs Of Goods Sold
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Taxes Paid
          






                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                





                  $0.00
                

                  USD
                








            Net Income
          






                  -$6,327.00
                

                  USD
                





                  -$33,793.00
                

                  USD
                







Risks

      A crowdfunding investment involves risk. You should not invest any funds in this offering unless you can afford to lose your entire investment. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the issuer and the terms of the offering, including the merits and risks involved. These securities have not been recommended or approved by any federal or state securities commission or regulatory authority. Furthermore, these authorities have not passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission does not pass upon the merits of any securities offered or the terms of the offering, nor does it pass upon the accuracy or completeness of any offering document or literature. These securities are offered under an exemption from registration; however, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has not made an independent determination that these securities are exempt from registration.
    






      Updates
    



          3 Hours Left!!!!!!
        

          3 months ago
        

WOW!!!  Only 3 hours left to invest!!!!  Thank you to all that invested and supported us!!  We have made great progress and are well on the way to making  a change to make our roads safer.  This is an incredible journey we are on, join us now, last opportunity!!






          Last few hours!!!
        

          3 months ago
        

The final hours to invest and join us in making a change to decrease distracted driving are here.  






          7 Hours Left To Invest
        

          3 months ago
        

7 hours left to invest!!! Join us on making our roads safer!!!






          Final Day To Invest
        

          3 months ago
        

Final day to invest!  We want to thank every one of our investors and supporters.  Together, we are bringing a higher level of safety to our roads and communities.






          4 Days Left To Invest
        

          3 months ago
        

There are only 4 days left to invest!  We thank each of our current investors for their support.  We are making exciting strides forward!  






          5 Days Left
        

          3 months ago
        

ITFT, Inc has successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms, and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 2nd closing  April 28th. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans right away. You will soon receive an official announcement from StartEngine about the closing.The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders, and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          7 Days Left To Invest
        

          3 months ago
        

7 days left to invest in the future of automobile safety technology.






          Extending The Campaign!
        

          4 months ago
        

After closing a successful round, we chose to extend the campaign for everyone to have another window of opportunity to invest.  You can invest now!  We ask current investors to share this opportunity with their friends and family.  Throughout this month, we will be sharing updates on our product development nearing completion and give everyone a first look at our functioning prototypes.  We are well on our way and are happy to have everyone who chooses to be a part of it.






          Final Hours
        

          4 months ago
        

Less than 24 hours left to join ITFT in making a difference and saving many lives.  Together, we can bring a technology to the world to keep our families, friends, and communities safer on the road.  Our incredible team of engineers, app developers and designers are working effortlessly to bring our technology to the market to help lead the automotive industry towards the day car accidents no longer exist.  We are more determined than ever to fulfill this vision. Thank you to ALL of the investors who are making this possible!






          1 Day left
        

          4 months ago
        

1 Day Left - There is only 1 DAY LEFT to invest in the future of motor vehicle safety technology.  With your help, ITFT will have its technology in the marketplace towards the end of 2017.  Our focus is on eliminating these alarming stats, take a look at this recent article!!http://www.foxnews.com/auto/2017/02/16/2016-traffic-deaths-jump-to-highest-level-in-nearly-decade-html    once on the link, scroll down to see article.






          2 days left
        

          4 months ago
        

There are only 2 days left to join us in being a part of preventing motor vehicle accidents with our patented technology.  Far too many lives are lost or changed from speeding, reckless driving or cellular distracted drivers behind the wheel of cars, school buses and trucks.Here's your chance to help keep our children and loved ones safe on the road.  Invest in the future today.






          3 days left
        

          4 months ago
        

Only 3 days left  -  Invest in Crash Avoidance Technology 






          4 days left to invest
        

          4 months ago
        

Only 4 days left to invest! 






          First Closing
        

          4 months ago
        

ITFT, Inc has successfully reached our minimum funding goal and we're continuing to accept investments. Per our offering terms, and because our equity crowdfunding campaign has now exceeded the minimum funding goal, we will be conducting the 1st closing  April 3rd. Once closed, we can deploy these funds and start implementing our ambitious growth plans right away. You will soon receive an official announcement from StartEngine about the closing.The equity crowdfunding path has been an outstanding journey for our management team, stakeholders, and avid supporters. There is limited time left until the campaign officially ends, and we encourage you to promote the offering to your network.Equity crowdfunding is all about building a community of passionate individuals around a single vision. We thank you for your continued support.






          Safe Driving System Product Design
        

          4 months ago
        

Hello, everyone! We want to share a very exciting development with the Safe Driving System.  Over the past few months, our team has worked tirelessly to create the product design for the Safe Driving System. Today, we are sharing the image with you to show you our recent milestone achievement and hear your comments as well. We are making excellent progress throughout development and have many more exciting updates to share with you in the near future.  Thank you for all of your support.  We are improving automotive safety together.






          Happy Friday!
        

          5 months ago
        

Happy Friday, everyone! We want to quickly check-in before the weekend and ask that you do some sharing on your days off! As usual, we’ve made it really easy for you - All you need to do is copy and paste the italicized text!Facebook The future of automotive technology is almost here and raising funding at a rapid rate. Invest and help make our roads safe by supporting the development of the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.LinkedIn For as little as $200, you can invest in the $31.2B crash avoidance market. Learn more about the Safe Driving System and how to invest here: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign. TwitterWith #equitycrowdfunding, you invest in ITFT while helping to transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign






          When we win, you win
        

          5 months ago
        

Hello, everyone! We hope you're all having a wonderful week. We wanted to check in with you and remind you that the best way for you all to benefit from our campaign is to share it! The bigger our campaign grows, the more your investment is worth. Over the next 48 hours, we want to spread the news of our campaign far and wide. All we're asking from you is to take two minutes out of your time and spread the word via your own social networks. Below, you'll find posts for Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. All you need to do is copy and paste the italicized text!Facebook The future of automotive technology is almost here and raising funding at a rapid rate. Invest and help make our roads safe by supporting the development of the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.LinkedIn For as little as $200, you can invest in the $31.2B crash avoidance market. Learn more about the Safe Driving System and how to invest here: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.  TwitterWith #equitycrowdfunding, you invest in ITFT while helping to transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaignWe appreciate every single Facebook post, tweet and LinkedIn post. Every single one counts and will help us reach our goal of making the roads safer for everyone. Please feel free to comment on the campaign to let us know you've shared it - we'd love to hear from you! 






          Let's talk about equity crowdfunding
        

          6 months ago
        

Since you’re backers of this campaign, it’s safe to assume that you already know what equity crowdfunding is. However, there are still a lot of misconceptions out there and you’ve probably received a lot of questions from family and friends about what exactly happens when you invest in an equity campaign. Here is a good 101 for them: Before the new equity crowdfunding rules, generally, the only people that could get in on the ground floor of a company through investments were very wealthy people. Now, everyone who is interested can participate and even potentially participate in the payouts when the company succeeds. The campaigns are a lot like the ones you see on Kickstarter and Indiegogo, except instead of backing for a product, you invest in the company for the potential return as the company grows (depending on the terms of the offering).Since our responsibility goes beyond explaining the technology behind the Safe Driving System and requires us to explain equity crowdfunding to people, we’d love for you to help us out. Take the time to share the following posts with your networks:FacebookAnyone can be an investor under the new investment crowdfunding rules. Help transform the future of driving by investing in the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.Twitter With #equitycrowdfunding, you invest in ITFT while helping to transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign






          Don't stop us now...
        

          6 months ago
        

Hello, everyone! Yesterday was one of the most successful days so far in our campaign and we couldn't be more thrilled. We have now raised over $110K in funding and aren't slowing down anytime soon. As you know, we are determined to become the most successful Title III campaign in history, so please continue to share the progress of our investment campaign through your social media channels (we’ve made it easy for you, just copy and paste the following text!): FacebookThe future of automotive technology is almost here and raising funding at a rapid rate. Invest and help make our roads safe by supporting the development of the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.Twitter With #equitycrowdfunding, you can invest in ITFT and help transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaignWe'll be in touch soon!The ITFT team






          What a week!
        

          6 months ago
        

Hello, everyone! It has been a pretty amazing week and we’re humbled and grateful to have reached our minimum goal so quickly.  Thank you for your interest and support in ITFT. It’s great that we’ve met our first big milestone and we are determined to keep this momentum moving forward. The more capital we raise now, the faster we should be able to bring this life-saving device to market. We encourage you to share your excitement and enthusiasm about the campaign with your networks. It’s the perfect time to share our campaign and our success thus far. We are determined to become the most successful Title III campaign in history, so please continue to share the progress of our investment campaign through your social media channels (we’ve made it easy for you, just copy and paste the following text!): FacebookThe future of automotive technology is almost here and raising funding at a rapid rate. Invest and help make our roads safe by supporting the development of the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.Twitter With #equitycrowdfunding, you can invest in ITFT and help transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaignWe'll be in touch soon!The ITFT team






          We're on the move!
        

          7 months ago
        

Hi, everyone! We are thrilled to finally be launching our investment crowdfunding offering. We want the news of our Safe Driving System to spread far and wide, not only for the purpose of our campaign but also so that people know this technology is coming soon and can help them feel safer on the roads. So please, share the news of our investment campaign through your social media channels (we’ve made it easy for you, just copy and paste the following text for each platform!): FacebookThe future of automotive technology is almost here. Invest and help make our roads safe by supporting the development of the Safe Driving System, the product with patented technology designed to stop speeding, send accident alerts and more: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.Twitter With #equitycrowdfunding, you can invest in ITFT and help transform the future of driving: http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaignWe'll be in touch soon!The ITFT Team









        Comments ({{profileCtrl.startup.comments_count}} total)
      

















        {{comment.user.first_name}} {{comment.user.last_name}}
      



ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) - {{comment.user.is_associated ? comment.user.associated_label : 'Issuer'}}
      


      {{comment.created_at_in_words}}
    


    {{comment.body}}
  





          {{reply.user.first_name}} {{reply.user.last_name}}
        



ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) - {{reply.user.is_associated ? (reply.user.associated_label) : 'Issuer'}}
        


        {{reply.created_at_in_words}}
      


      {{reply.body}}
    






      Reply
    

      Cancel
    





      Reply
    








You reported this comment as inappropriate.









          Show More Comments
        















          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        





About


About


Blog


About Us


FAQ






Connect


Connect


Facebook


Twitter


Careers


LinkedIn


Instagram






Join


Join


Raise Capital


Become an Investor






Legal


Legal


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Section 17(b) Disclosure


Disclaimer








          ©2017 All Rights Reserved
        

 
 



Important Message

          www.StartEngine.com is a website owned by StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. and operated by StartEngine Crowdfunding and its wholly owned-subsidiary, StartEngine Capital, LLC. StartEngine Crowdfunding is a not a broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser. StartEngine Capital, LLC is a funding portal registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). By accessing this site and any pages on this site, you agree to be bound by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time without notice or liability.
        
Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site are of three types


            1.Regulation A offerings (JOBS Act Title IV; known as Regulation A+), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. No broker-dealer, funding portal or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 2. Regulation D offerings (506(c)), which are offered only to accredited investors. No broker-dealer, funding portal, or investment adviser is involved in these offerings. These offerings are made through StartEngine Crowdfunding, Inc. 3. Regulation Crowdfunding offerings (JOBS Act Title III), which are offered to non-accredited and accredited investors alike. These offerings are made through StartEngine Capital, LLC. Some of these offerings are open to the general public, however there are important differences and risks. You can learn more in our Learn section.
          

Canadian Investors

          Investment opportunities posted and accessible through the site will be offered to Canadian resident investors in accordance with prospectus exemptions under Canadian securities laws, including, but not limited to, the “Accredited Investor” and “Offering Memorandum” exemptions under National Instrument 45-106 promulgated by the Canadian Securities Administrators.
        
---

          Potential investors are strongly advised to consult their legal, tax and financial advisors before investing. The securities offered on this site are not offered in jurisdictions where public solicitation of offerings are permitted; it is solely your responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations of your country of residence.
        



 
































Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity by Maddy Low | DrivingSales












 
















>
	


























Login



1


 About Us


 




        Notifications & Messages
    





From: Jared Hamilton
Hey - It’s time to join the thousands of other dealer professionals on DrivingSales. Create an account so you can get full access to the articles, discussions and people that are shaping the future of the automotive industry.


×



Welcome to the Community 

Community Home
Blogs
Forums
Profiles
Departments 

Accounting
Finance & Insurance
Fixed Ops
General Mgt
Internet/BDC
Marketing
Miscellaneous
New Car
Used Car




News 
Vendor Ratings 

Vendor Home
By Vendor
By Category
Rate a Vendor
Add a Vendor
Buyer's Guide


University 
Data 
Events 
About DrivingSales 







search










 










×
Crop Image




















                            Upload
                        




















































                        Save Photo
                    


































































×
Cropped



Close







Maddy Low
                Community Manager





 Connect




 Follow




 

Home
About
Connections
Blog








 

Exclusive Blog Posts



Small Decisions In Small Business for Employee Retention
by Dennis Hung
9 hours ago


Small Decisions In Small Business for Employee Retention
by Dennis Hung
9 hours ago


            A high employee turnover rate is never a good sign of business health. In large companies, there is often some wiggle room and overlap that allows you to o…
        



visibility 20
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Be the first to like this.
        

 



3 Ways to Create Sales Competitions at Work
by Dennis Hung
10 hours ago


3 Ways to Create Sales Competitions at Work
by Dennis Hung
10 hours ago


            Lack of motivation and energy should never hold back your sales team from delivering excellent results. However, the day-to-day sales grind can burn out ev…
        



visibility 26
textsms 1




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Scott Larrabee likes this.
        

 



For the Parts Managers in the Room – Let’s Talk Idle and Obsolete Inventory
by Jason Unrau
15 hours ago


For the Parts Managers in the Room – Let’s Talk Idle and Obsolete Inventory
by Jason Unrau
15 hours ago


            

Rows upon rows of parts line your department, some are pristine and clean while others gather dust. Every month, quarter, semi-annually, or annually, y…
        



visibility 185
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Be the first to like this.
        

 



social media ads.....what works?
by mark rask
Yesterday


social media ads.....what works?
by mark rask
Yesterday


             Lets talk a little about social media. The dealership that I have worked at has always focused on Facebook in this area. We would do a dail…
        



visibility 53
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Be the first to like this.
        

 



SPONSORED BY DEALERLEADS
Need to generate high quality, high converting traffic? Here are three tactics to turn you into your dealership’s star player.





We all know that just having a website, no matter how great, is not enough to make sales in the automotive industry.
                        LEARN MORE




3 Proven Marketing Strategies for Small Businesses
by Lewis Robinson
Yesterday


3 Proven Marketing Strategies for Small Businesses
by Lewis Robinson
Yesterday


            One of the most important things that small businesses need is a marketing strategy that is affordable and produces a high return on investment. There are …
        



visibility 149
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Be the first to like this.
        

 


Load More expand_more

 



 



Automotive Technology Startup, ITFT Launches Investment Crowdfunding Opportunity
Written by
                Maddy Low
                on 01/10/2017
				            

visibility 121
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content




ITFT (Innovative Technology for  Transportation), has developed a patented technology called the Safe Driving System designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents caused from distracted driving, reckless driving, and speeding ITFT, Inc. (“ITFT” or the “Company”) today announced the launch of its investment crowdfunding campaign on the crowdfunding portal StartEngine (www.startengine.com). The Company is offering early investors the opportunity to join them on the journey to make the roads a safer place. ITFT’s signature product, the Safe Driving System, is a patented technology designed to prevent up to 86% of accidents. The net proceeds of the offering will be used to fund the completion of product development and testing of the Safe Driving System prototype, as well as to complete a comprehensive pilot program before bringing the Safe Driving System to market.
According to research, approximately 86% of car accidents are caused by one of three occurrences: reckless driving, speeding, and cellular-distracted driving. The Safe Driving System is designed to prevent all three of those occurrences, through speed prevention, speed and accident notifications, and the ability to choose what apps the driver is able to use while operating a vehicle.
ITFT designed the Safe Driving System specifically with parents in mind. The product is perfect for new drivers and worried parents, which there is no shortage of in the United States. According to the U.S Census Bureau, there are currently around 39 million families in the country with at least one child under the age of 18. “I created the Safe Driving System after I lost multiple friends to automobile accidents,” said ITFT CEO Matthew Godley. “I saw what it did to their families, and our entire community, and I vowed that I was going to create something to ensure these kinds of horrific accidents stopped. The Safe Driving System is a perfect solution for parents wanting to find that sweet spot between their child’s independence and their own peace of mind.”
Interested individuals can find out more information about ITFT’s investment crowdfunding campaign by visiting http://bit.ly/ITFTcampaign.
 




visibility 121
textsms 0




Flag Spam
Report Content







            Be the first to like this.
        

 





Comments









×





Comment


 







        	 Unlock all of the community & features 
	        Join Now










































HP Inc. Products - Connection








































HP Inc. Products






Print page
Email page










Your Search Selections




Manufacturer



Remove
HP Inc.






Clear All Refinements






Refine Your Results


 
search within



GO





Clearance items only
 

In Stock items only
 






Category






Category:


Accessories (988)  
Cables & Adapters (66)  
Computer Parts (489)  
Computers (1338)  
Electronics (11)  
Media & Supplies (1235)  
Monitors & Projectors (198)  
Networking (58)  
Office Equipment (28)  
Power (118)  
Printers & Supplies (1901)  
Services (898)  
Software (113)  
Storage (81)  








Manufacturer






Manufacturer:




HP Inc. 
  


ACP-EP Memory (14539)
  


Hewlett Packard Enterprise (14350)
  


Lenovo (10772)
  


Axiom (7692)
  


Black Box (7461)
  


Microsoft (7442)
  


Cisco (6944)
  


C2G (Cables To Go) (6329)
  


Chief Manufacturing (5235)
  


F-Secure (1942)
  

More...






close

More Manufacturers





 








List Price






List Price:




Under $10 (19)
  


$10 - $25 (212)
  


$25 - $50 (402)
  


$50 - $100 (684)
  


$100 - $200 (844)
  


$200 - $400 (903)
  


$400 - $600 (429)
  


$600 - $800 (362)
  


$800 - $1,000 (321)
  


$1,000 - $1,500 (562)
  


$1,500 - $2,000 (315)
  


$2,000 - $3,000 (309)
  


$3,000 - $4,000 (143)
  


$4,000 - $5,000 (52)
  


$5,000 - $10,000 (86)
  


Over $10,000 (33)
  















To view your pricing Log In















1 - 12 of 5676 Results


Sort By:


                        Availability
                        



Availability


Most Popular


Price High to Low


Price Low to High


Product Name






Results per page: 

12
|
24
|
48


 






View Results As:



List 




Grid 











 Product Image
Product

Availability 

Help Icon


Price







Compare



 Image Link





HP 87X (CF287X) High Yield Black Original LaserJet Cartridge w  JetIntelligence for HP LaserJet M506



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 30673513
Mfr Part#: CF287X
Platform: PC/Mac
 
See All:


Toner Cartridges






In Stock




$305.95




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP Ultraslim Docking Station for EliteBook 820, 840, 850



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 16336561
Mfr Part#: D9Y32AA#ABA
Platform: PC
 
See All:


Docking Stations & Port Replicators






In Stock




$220.00




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 05A (CE505A) Black Original LaserJet Toner Cartridge for HP LaserJet P2035 & P2055 Series Printers



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 8929025
Mfr Part#: CE505A
 
See All:


Toner Cartridges






In Stock




$95.95




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 2013 UltraSlim Dock



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 16331656
Mfr Part#: D9Y32UT#ABA
Platform: PC
 
See All:


Docking Stations & Port Replicators






In Stock




$169.99




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 65W Smart AC Adapter



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 17827303
Mfr Part#: H6Y89AA#ABA
Platform: PC
 
See All:


AC Power Adapters






In Stock




$69.67




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP Officejet Pro 8710 All-In-One Printer



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 31638402
Mfr Part#: M9L66A#B1H
Functions include Printer, Scanner, Fax, Copier
Max Speed (color) 35.00ppm / Max Speed (B&W) 35.00ppm / Media Capacity is 250 sheet(s) (standard) 250 sheet(s) (max)
 

 Show More Features
                            

 Show Less Features
                            
 
See All:


MultiFunction - Ink-Jet






In Stock




$199.95




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP LaserJet Pro 400 M402n Printer



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 30006358
Mfr Part#: C5F93A#BGJ
4800dpi x 600dpi (B&W)
350sheet(s) Capacity / Legal (8.5 in x 14 in)
USB Type B, RJ-45 / 128MB Installed RAM / 128MB Maximum RAM / 1 Year Warranty
 

 Show More Features
                            

 Show Less Features
                            
 
See All:


B&W Laser Printers






In Stock




$269.00




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 24" 24uh Full HD LED-LCD Monitor, Black



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 18366414
Mfr Part#: K5A38AA#ABA
 
See All:


Monitors






In Stock




$132.95




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP DisplayPort To VGA Adapter



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 9682571
Mfr Part#: AS615AA
Platform: PC
Video adapter / HD-15 (F), DisplayPort connector(s)
Wired / 8in
Warranty: 1 Year
 

 Show More Features
                            

 Show Less Features
                            
 
See All:


Adapters & Port Converters






In Stock




$49.00




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 80A (CF280A) Black Original LaserJet Toner Cartridge for HP LaserJet Pro 400 M401 Series



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 13785564
Mfr Part#: CF280A
 
See All:


Toner Cartridges






In Stock




$108.95




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP Color LaserJet Pro M452dn Printer ($449-$180 IR = $269. Expires 8 31 2017)



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 30617061
Mfr Part#: CF389A#BGJ
38400dpi x 600dpi (B&W) / 38400dpi x 600dpi (color)
28ppm (B&W) / 28ppm (color) / 300sheet(s) Capacity / Legal (8.5 in x 14 in)
RJ-45, USB Type A, USB Type B / 128MB Installed RAM / 128MB Maximum RAM / 1 Year Warranty
 

 Show More Features
                            

 Show Less Features
                            
 
See All:


Color Laser Printers






In Stock




$269.00




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










Compare



 Image Link





HP 23" EliteDisplay E232 Full HD LED-LCD Monitor, Black



                    HP Inc.
                


Item #: 30737337
Mfr Part#: M1N98A8#ABA
 
See All:


Monitors






In Stock




$179.00




Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist





 










Featured Results










 Image Link





HP ElitePad Docking Station





$119.00





Item #: 
15156809






Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










                QUICK VIEW
            










 Image Link





HP EliteBook 840 G3 2.5GHz Core i7 14in display





$1,649.00





Item #: 
31644079






Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










                QUICK VIEW
            










 Image Link





Factory Sealed HP EliteDesk 800 G2 3.4GHz Core i7 4GB RAM 500GB hard drive





$949.00





Item #: 
30729855






Qty:




			Add To Cart
		




Add to Quicklist










                QUICK VIEW
            















×
Quick View




Getting Details
























close






Batch Add Products by Item #










Item #







Qty









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Item #







Quantity









Add Items




























 ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) - Crowdfund Research 




































































 























        






Due Diligence For
CROWDFUNDING












Press enter to begin your search 








Home
About
Contributors
Crowdfunding Portals
Submit a Campaign
 

Search 






















ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation)

By Todd TaylorFebruary 7, 2017Due Diligence 




 No Comments


  0 
0        0      











Company Overview –
ITFT, The Safe Driving System is a patented system designed to prevent drivers from speeding and driving recklessly.
*Souce: Start Engine



Company
Investment


Name: ITFT
Minimum Raise: $50K


CEO: Matthew Godley
Maximum Raise: $1M


Company Founded: 2013
Structure of Raise: Common Stock


Location: North Carolina
Valuation: $8.635 pre-money valuation


Crowdfunding Portal: Start Engine
Minimum Investment: $200


Crowdfunding Link: https://www.startengine.com/startup/itft
 


Website: http://itftsolutions.com/
 



Review Overview



Positives
Risks and Reservations


Use of data connected devices in cars is becoming more commonplace and parents, insurance companies and fleet services are seeking ways to improve safety, reduce injuries and deaths and lower costs.
ITFT has no customers or sales and will require a great deal more money to finish its product development and sales and marketing efforts.  It may not have enough money to be able to become profitable.


The patented technology appears to offer some advantages and features that its competitors lack.
There are many competitors, most of who are far larger than ITFT, have far greater financial and technological resources, as well as customers and revenue.


The advisory team has significant experience in startups, technology, and financial matters.
ITFT needs to continue its technology development, as well as protecting its intellectual property.  If a competitor violated ITFT’s intellectual property or claimed that ITFT violated their intellectual property, ITFT likely would not have the resources to protect itself.



ITFT could be subject to significant regulatory or legal risks from people using their device, especially if the device provides incorrect information and leads to recalls or lawsuits.



Management has no experience with startups and little business experience in general.  The CEO is also the only voting shareholder and board member.



Valuation is very high.  If they raise $1,000,000, the crowdfunding investors will only own 10.8% of the Company, meaning that management is valuing the company at almost $10,000,000 post offering, which is extremely high for a company with no customers and no sales.



Problem
In 2015, approximately 38,300 people lost their lives in car accidents while an additional 4.4 million people were injured and needed medical assistance. The Department of Transportation calculated that 94% of all accidents are a result of human error such as speeding, reckless driving, and distracted driving.
Solution
Current:
ITFT created a technology that limits access to distracting mobile apps, can program and allow remote control of selected vehicle functions, and communicates events and activity to the app user.
Long Term:
They plan to add more features to their product that are part of the patent. These features include a panic button that can alert police/emergency personnel and can begin recording video and audio of an incident. They also want to include a breathalyzer module.
Business Model
ITFT will charge users a fee of $25/month.
Traction

S. full utility patent granted
Completed PRD and SRS specifications needed to start product development
*Source: Company provided on crowdfunding campaign website

Senior Management Team



 
Matthew Godley
Walt Maclay
Cindy Godley


Position:
CEO & Founder
Interim CTO
Secretary


Ownership Percent:
100%
N/A
N/A


Linkedin:
https://www.linkedin.com/in/matthew-godley-99820183
https://www.linkedin.com/in/waltmaclay
N/A



Advisors:

Amel Hill – Contract Patent Engineer with 25 years of experience in automotive technology applications
Tom Steding – Served as CEO for 9 startups
John Hondros – Senior VP managing director at SunTrust Private Wealth Management

Summary:
While the CEO, Matthew Godley does not have any previous experience in the industry or in startups, the CTO and advisors do have relevant experience.  The company will have to quickly hire experienced employees to realize their commercialization plans.
Market Analysis
Industry: Mobile App
TAM (Total Addressable Market): Their initial target market is focused on parents of teenagers. In 2014 there were approximately 37.5M families in the U.S. with at least one child under 18. There are approximately 15M teenage drivers in the U.S.
*Souce: Portal Page
Driving Trends: 24% growth from 2015 to 2016
Industry Opinion:
The total size of the market in dollars is unclear, as this market is still developing.  However, there are a number of potential market segments, including teenagers, fleets, and car services like Uber and Lyft that are experiencing significant growth.  The auto industry is increasing adding technology, including safety and data, to cars and this trend is likely to continue.
Competition
Differentiator:
ITFT has a patented technology that allows it to monitor and control certain aspects of a car’s performance and driver’s mobile device as it relates to safety.  Many of the unique product features are covered by the patent and could prove to be real competitive advantages.
Main Competitors




 

Automatic
Zubie
Hum by Verizon

Audiovox Car Connection 2.0 



Funds Raised
$24M
25.87M
N/A
N/A


Website
https://www.automatic.com/
http://zubie.com/
https://www.hum.com
http://www.carconnection20.com/



Company Financials
Revenue to date: $0
Revenue Last Fiscal Year: $0
Previous Funds Raised: $0
Use of Funds 
If minimum amount is raised:

Development of prototype

If maximum amount is raised:

Development of prototype
Development of mobile app
Government consulting
Marketing
Pay salaries
Repayment of indebtedness
Travel & meetings
Working capital

Exit Opportunities
Many of competitors are significantly larger than IFTF and may want to acquire IFTF to buy its patent and product features.
Recent Acquisitions in the Field



Date
Company Acquired
Acquired By
Amount


March 28, 2016
Interactive Driving Systems
eDriving LLC
Unknown


March 10, 2016
OpenCar
INRIX
Unknown



Expert Opinion Summary 
While the CEO is young and inexperienced, the technology he has developed seems to offer promise in an expanding market.  He has surrounded himself with an experienced advisory group but will need to hire employees and add to his board and management team to take the company to the next level to commercialize and/or sell it.
AngelList: N/A
Crunchbase: N/A
Disclaimer
Crowdfund Research and its authors do not offer investment advice, nor do we endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor. Crowdfund Research is not registered as a broker-dealer or financial or investment advisor and does not provide any services requiring such registration. The information in this report or on our website regarding any company is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company.  Crowdfund Research makes no representation or warrant as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. This report has been prepared solely for informative purposes and is not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.
This report or the posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever.  This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor, and each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and current financial circumstances. Any person considering any investment in any equity crowdfunding investment whatsoever is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand.
All investments entail risk. The companies on our site are generally small or early stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. Therefore, no one should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment.  You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.
You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials for any investment opportunity, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment. 
Related PostsMonday Motorbikes Company Overview -
Their mission is to create a uniquely attractive, fully electric […]Golfboard Company Overview - 
Powered by an environmentally friendly lithium-ion battery, the […]Aido (InGen Dynamics, Inc.) Company Overview -
Aido is an interactive personal home robot. He’s an all-in-one […]Alkane Truck Company Company Overview -
Alkane Truck Company is an American assembler of trucks and off-road […]
 About Latest Posts Todd TaylorSenior Business Attorney  at JUX Law FirmTodd helps entrepreneurs with challenging legal issues facing their businesses. For almost 20 years, Todd has provided practice legal advice on business formation, angel and venture financing, contracts and buying and selling businesses. Todd enjoys working with technology companies, including those in cleantech, energy, food and agtech, IoT and manufacturing. Todd also represents investors in early stage companies and has been involved as a co-founder in a number of start up companies.  Latest posts by Todd Taylor (see all)  Safety First Arms - February 20, 2017   Skillmil - February 12, 2017   ITFT (Innovative Technology for Transportation) - February 7, 2017   
Crowdfunding Due Diligence Report




Share on Facebook
Share







Share on TwitterTweet






Share on LinkedIn
Share

















Leave a Reply Cancel Reply 
 Name * 
Email *
Website
 

 

 









Follow Us 


Important Notice IMPORTANT NOTICE:  This website is owned by Crowdfund Research, Inc. Crowdfund Research does not offer investment advice, nor do we endorse or recommend investments in any company or the suitability of an investment for any particular investor. Crowdfund Research is not registered as a broker-dealer or financial or investment advisor and does not provide any services requiring such registration. The information on our website or in any related report regarding any company is based on publicly available information or directly from the subject company.  Crowdfund Research makes no representation or warrant as to the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of such information. Any opinions or forecasts expressed herein are our own, are not intended as investment advice and are subject to change without notice. Information on this website has been prepared solely for informative purposes and is not a solicitation of an offer to buy or an offer to sell any security.
The posting of information on our website regarding any company, including any links to information on our website, should not be construed as an endorsement or recommendation of that company for any purpose whatsoever.  Each investor should consider whether any investment opportunity is appropriate given their investment objectives and financial circumstances and is encouraged to consult with their own investment or financial advisor, tax advisor and/or attorney beforehand. 
All investments entail risk. The companies on our website are generally small or early stage companies and are subject to risks inherent in investing in any small or early stage company as well as other risks specific to their business and operations. In addition, securities of these companies may be highly illiquid, requiring that they be held for an indefinite period of time or have a limited market for resale. Therefore, no one accessing our website should invest in any of these companies unless they have no need for liquidity of their investment and can sustain a total loss of their investment.  You should only invest an amount of money that you can afford to lose without changing your lifestyle.
You should thoroughly review the complete offering materials, particularly all risk factors, prior to investing in any offering and become familiar with the investor requirements, investment limits and your ability to resell the investment. 
By accessing this report and our website, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.








© 2017 Crowdfund Research.  








 




















