










 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 5:06 AM ET

Company Overview of iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is based in Salt Lake City, Utah.


525 East 100 SouthSuite 275Salt Lake City, UT 84102United StatesFounded in 2014



Phone: 801-364-3426








Key Executives for iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc.




Mr. Gerald Simmons


      	Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Ned Weinshenker


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. Balamurali Ambati M.D., Ph.D., MBA


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. Key Developments

iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. Presents at 9th Annual Conference Biotech Showcase, Jan-09-2017
Nov 21 16
iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. Presents at 9th Annual Conference Biotech Showcase, Jan-09-2017 . Venue: HILTON SAN FRANCISCO UNION SQUARE, 333 O'Farrell Street, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016
Jan 7 16
iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc. Presents at Redefining Early Stage Investments (RESI) Conference 2016, Jan-12-2016 . Venue: Marine's Memorial Club & Hotel, 609 Sutter St, San Francisco, CA 94102, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 8, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact iVeena Delivery Systems, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 












iVeena Delivery Systems Inc. | Medical Device | Pharmaceutical - BioUtah,UT



































































































Home | 
Directory | 
Member Login | 
Contact Us















Pages



Members



Categories



Quicklinks



Events


























































































iVeena Delivery Systems Inc.



Share:
 
 
 
 
 
 





Medical DevicePharmaceutical







iVeena Delivery Systems Inc.


Visit Website



525 East 100 South, Suite 275  
Salt Lake City, UT 84111
(801) 556-3624








About
Map







About



iVeena Delivery Systems Inc. (www.iveenamed.com) is developing new, innovative products for the ophthalmology market to address significant unmet medical needs. The Company has 9 products under develo                                    









What's Nearby?





Distance:
5
10
15
20
25
50

mi.




















































































































Our Advocacy Efforts




Legislative Information

BioUtah's Legislative Priorities
UtahAccess
Legislative Information










 






















BECOME A MEMBER






















































 








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















iVeena Delivery Systems - Eye Drug Delivery



































 














eye care transformed





 




























 





THE
		

iVEENA
		

DIFFERENCE ...
		







SOLVING THE BURDEN OF
		

EYE DROPS & INJECTIONS
		


 


 




 











Existing therapies rely on drops or injections to deliver medicine, and often do not reach the retina or the inside of cells. iVeena uses novel approaches — including drug delivery from the lens capsule, minimally invasive implants, and intracellular therapy — to reach target tissues for better patient outcomes.





 










iVEENA PRODUCT PIPELINE



iVeena has nine products in late pre-clinical and research phase. Targeted indications include Post Surgery Cataract Inflammation, Macular Degeneration (Wet AMD), Diabetic Retinopathy, Glaucoma, and three orphan drug candidates.
















iVEENA NEWS










iVeena announces the initiation of its Phase I/2b in-human pilot clinical study for IVMED-10, a bioerodable implant designed to eliminate the need for eye drops after cataract surgery.
May 31 2017









iVeena to present at the BioTech Showcase Conference that runs in parallel with the JP Morgan Conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, January 11, 2017
Jan 10 2017









iVeena has been awarded a $150K 2017 USTAR Technology Acceleration Grant to advance development of IVMED-70, our innovative Glaucoma MIGS (Minimally Invasive Glaucoma Stent) device.
Dec 1 2016









iVeena appoints Peter Hnik, MD, MHSc as Chief Medical Officer to oversee expanding clinical program.
Jul 1 2016
















 






 Back to top





















iVeena Delivery Systems - Leadership Team





































 














eye care transformed





 

































	  	Leadership Team
	  	
	  
















 




						Management					



						Directors					



						Scientific Advisory Board					





Images loading please wait ...















Gerald Simmons
CEO, Board Director
 









Dr. Bala Ambati
President, Founder, Board Director
 









Dr. Peter Hnik
Chief Medical Officer
 









Ned Weinshenker
Chief Operating Officer
 









Dr. Jayakrishna Ambati
VP Advanced Ocular Design, Board Director
 









Raj Patil
VP Advanced Ocular Delivery Systems
 









Michael Burr
VP, Product Development
 









Sarah Molokhia
Director, Research & Development
 









James Jensen
Chairman of the Board, Board Director
 









David Robinson
Board Director
 









Barry Hanover
Director
 









Dr. Edward Holland
 









Dr. Alan S. Crandall
 




















 








 Back to top







