






IX Power Clean Water - Corporate


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews
LeadershipIndustry & Community











 About IX Power Clean Water  

 IX Power Clean Water is an IX Power LLC company. IX Power is a technology commercialization and product development firm spun-out from Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.
 
IX Power Clean Water has the opportunity to focus exclusively on the creation of water-related products and services, and can enter into business arrangements with other organizations and
companies.
 
Offices for IX Power Clean Water are located in Albuquerque New Mexico; Golden, Colorado; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and London, England. 
 
For more information about IX Power LLC, IX Power Energy Machines, and the IX Power Foundation, please visit: www.IxPower.com.
 
Read about some of our Team under the "Leadership" heading above.
   
























                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page


























IX Power Clean Water - Related News


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews
IX Water NewsRelated NewsNewsletters
Coming Industry Events










 RELATED INDUSTRY NEWS of NOTE  









"Water is broken. Data can fix it."
 
An on-target op-ed by New York Times op-ed contributor Charles Fishman. March 17, 2016.
Story HERE. 











U.S. Court of Appeals Issues Nationwide Stay on EPA “Waters of the US” Rule
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit issued a nationwide stay on water regulations created by the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, commonly
referred to as the “Waters of the U.S.” or “WOTUS” rule in May, 2015. The rule would expand the jurisdiction of the EPA in regulating certain bodies of water and wetlands under the Clean Water
Act.
Story Here











 
"Produced water treatment services market is expected to be worth $8.0 billion by 2019 scrutinized in new
research"
Story HERE
 











"Produced Water:  Predicted to Create High-Margin Opportunities for Technologies"
Story HERE











"Produced water treatment systems market booming"
Story HERE











"New Mexico oil conservation commission adopts new produced water regulations"
Story HERE











"Uncertainty continues for oil producers"
Story HERE











"Green groups set to sue EPA over drilling waste rules"
Story HERE











"EPA investigating complaints over 'dirty water' sent to Navajo Nation"
Story HERE











"Lightning strikes at injection well facilities"
Story HERE











"New Dangers Found in Produced Water"
Story HERE
 











 
"Produced Water has high benzene levels, report says"
Story HERE
 




















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page


























IX Power Clean Water - Blog


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews












 

IX Power Clean Water Blog



IX Power CEO Grizz Deal Interview on O&G Produced Water and Small Nuclear Power


            Aug 22, 2016        
 


 



                       Add comment                    






IX Power Foundation launching effort to assist Bangladesh


            Jul 8, 2016        
 



 



                       Add comment                    






IX Power Clean Water Expands Internationally


            Jun 7, 2016        
 

















 



                       Add comment                    






Celebrate Mother on April 22 - Mother EARTH DAY is Today!


            Apr 22, 2016        
 





















 



                       Add comment                    






Senate Passes Udall Water Innovation and Conservation Measures


            Apr 21, 2016        
 























 

                        Show 1 comment                    






                       Add comment                    





Show more posts




IX Power Clean Water, Senator Pete Domenici, and Ricco’s Custom Dezigns join forces to bring clean water to tribal communities in New Mexico


            Apr 19, 2016        
 



















 



                       Add comment                    







 
















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page


























IX Power Clean Water - Contact


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews












 

 How to Contact Us  







New Mexico
Colorado
Wisconsin
Europe & U.K.



IX Power Clean Water, Inc.
Sandia Science &
Technology Park
1451 Innovation Parkway SE, Suite 600
Albuquerque, NM 87123
Tel. +1 505-661-1000


IX Power Clean Water, Inc.
Area 51.75
1440 Brickyard Road
Golden, Colorado 80403
Tel: +1 303-277-9520
 
IX Power Foundation, Inc.
P.O. Box 16999
Golden, CO 80402
Tel: +1 303-277-9520
Fax # 866-381-1106
Email:  Info@IxWater.co


IX Power Clean Water, Inc.
Global Water Center
247 Freshwater Way #340
Milwaukee, WI 53204
 
IX Power Clean Water, Inc.
c/o Titan Industrial Water
IX Power Resellers
Mr. George Gaspar, Jr., Manager
www.cleanproducedwater.com
 
 


IX Power Clean Water, Inc.
Silicon Roundabout
188 Goswell Road
London, England EC1V 7DT

Please call our U.S. Tel:
+1 303-277-9520



 



 

 


 
























                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page


























IX Power Clean Water - IX Water News


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews
IX Water NewsRelated NewsNewsletters
Oklahoma EarthquakesColorado Discharge CertificationDomenici Press ReleaseNew Mexico TRC Award










 

 IX Power Clean Water Company News  










WATER ONLINE NEWS
 
New Tech To Treat Fracking and Oil & Gas Produced Wastewater Goes Global
A company started at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) is poised to take its machines
that clean water around the world. IX Power Clean Water, specializes in the manufacturing of portable and on-site machines for scrubbing and filtering the wastewater that is pulled from oil and gas
wells. Research into new fracking wastewater treatment technologies is a hot arena right now because water scarcity is a pressing problem and the energy industry consumes a massive amount of
water. Read more.



 










 
PRESS RELEASE
 
IX Water Blu integrated into New Mexico Governor's TRC project 
IX Water Blu March 14, 2016 -- IX Power Clean Water's new IX Blü technology for removing arsenic and
other contaminants from water will be included as one of six projects in New Mexico Governor Susana Martinez's Technology Research Collaborative (TRC). Learn more.



 










 
GOVERNMENT TECHNOLOGY
 
LANL, NM Tech receive grant for IX Water Blü arsenic removal treatment
The grant funding comes from $400,000 the state Legislature approved last year for the Technology
Research Collaborative, $300,000 of which was earmarked for targeted commercialization projects, said Patricia Knighten, director for the Economic
Development Department’s Office of Science and Technology.  Read more.



 










 
PRESS RELEASE
 
Colorado Welcomes Use of IX Water Treatment Train for Oil & Gas
March 28, 2016 --  IX Power Clean Water granted certification to discharge contaminated water
it treats using the IX Water OG ™ treatment train for produced water into Colorado surface waters.  Learn more.



 










 
PRESS RELEASE
 
U.S. Senator Pete Domenici Joins IX Power Clean Water Board of Directors
“The oil and gas industry alone spends more than $50 billion annually to have its wastewater trucked
offsite and disposed of, either in reinjection wells or evaporation ponds,” said Domenici. “In this era of water scarcity, the approach by IX Power Clean Water holds great promise for water reuse for
agriculture and industrial uses at dramatic cost savings.” Read more.
 



 










XCONOMY
The Water Council Raising $5M Fund, Names IX Power Clean Water to Accelerator
The Water Council is raising a $5 million
venture fund to take its water technology startup investments to the next level. Meanwhile, the Milwaukee organization announced the companies selected for its third session, beginning
in the fall.   Read
more.
 
 



 










SANTA FE NEW MEXICAN
 
Wastewater cleaning firm ready for takeoff
A company started from technology generated at Los Alamos National Laboratory is poised to take its machines that clean water around the world. The firm is called IX Power Clean Water and
specializes in the design and manufacturing of portable and on-site machines for scrubbing and filtering the wastewater that is pulled from oil and gas wells. Read more.



 










 
ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
 
Domenici Gives Boost to New Mexico clean water startup
The OrganiClear water-cleansing machine, which IX Power (pronounced “Nine Power”) began selling this
year, can dramatically reduce costs for cleansing produced water compared with other technologies on the market while making the treated product clean enough for agricultural use, according to the
company. Read more.



 










 
ALBUQUERQUE BUSINESS FIRST
 
Pete Domenici joins the board of IX Power
Former senator Pete Domenici made a rare public
appearance since his retirement to announce that he's joining the board of IX Power Clean Water.  Domenici, 83, who served six terms as a senator before retiring from office in 2009, was in good
spirits at Technology Ventures Corp. on Thursday morning, where he made the announcement. IX Power's
CEO John
R. Grizz Deal also announced that the company is now selling its
OrganiClear three-part water treatment systems. Read more.



 










 
THE OKLAHOMAN
 
Domenici Gives Boost to New Mexico clean water startup
OrganiClear radically reduces cleansing costs by avoiding traditional, energy-intensive
treatment methods that remove only salts and heavy metals and don’t leave the water clean enough for agriculture, much less human consumption.  In contrast, OrganiClear aims to remove organic contaminants from water with very little energy. It relies on absorbent filters and micro-organisms developed by LANL that eat away
organic compounds in dirty water. Read more.
 



 










THE GOLDEN TRANSCRIPT
 
IX Power proposes cleaner water from fracking
The oil business is really hampered by this water disposal problem,” said Gary Beers of Industrial
Water Permitting and Recycling Consultants, LLC. “Historically, oil companies will tell you they are recycling 90 to 95 percent of their water. What they’re doing is their taking produced water out
of their existing wells (and) moving it forward into well development.  Read more.



 










 
ALBUQUERQUE JOURNAL
 
Los Alamos National Lab water cleaning tech launched next week
The technology, developed by LANL in collaboration with the New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology and
the University of
Texas, can make so-called produced water clean enough for agricultural use. And,
unlike standard techniques, OrganiClear leaves no waste products behind. That represents a huge break from current technologies, which are energy-intensive and expensive. Those methods generally only filter out the most
toxic elements from  dirty water for re-injection back underground, since the cleansed product usually isn’t clean enough for agriculture. Operators must also dispose of waste
byproducts.  Read more.




















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page






























 









IX Power Clean Water - IX Mobile Water Lab


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews
Oil & Gas Produced WaterDrinking WaterIX Mobile Water Lab











 

         Advanced Water Analysis Technology in a Mobile Lab                                for Short
to Long-term Field Deployment  




The MWL Mark I is the only commercial system that builds on years of U.S. national laboratory experience, as well as conforming to U.S.Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidelines for laboratory capabilities to respond to drinking water contamination,



 

 At the request of our industrial and government partners, IX Power has taken its deep experience in water chemistry, analysis,
and treatment, together with our relevant disaster and military training, to create a robust and
sophisticated 
Mobile Water Laboratory.
 
The IX Power Clean Water MWL Mark
I is designed for a wide variety of water analysis, from community water systems to post-disaster evaluation of
wells and surface water. The MWL is a completely self-contained, rugged, self-sufficient portable
lab.
 
The lab supports complete chemical analysis of:
    • Surface Water, Groundwater/Precipitation
    • Drinking Water, Bottled Water
    • Agricultural Water
    • Urban Water Supplies, Recycled Water
    • General Water Quality
    • Testing in Industrial Processes 
    • Industrial and Wastewater Discharge
 
The MWL can also be fitted with additional equipment for testing oil and gas produced waters and ‘frack flowback, naturally occurring and incident-
resulting radioactive materials in water, and run off from wildfire, flood, and
earthquakes.
 
The IX Power Clean Water Mobile Water Laboratory is the most advanced mobile water
analysis lab available.
 
The MWL Mark
I is the only commercial system that builds on years of U.S. national laboratory experience, as well as conforming to U.S.Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) guidelines for laboratory capabilities to respond to drinking water contamination, now adopted by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
 
All IX Power Clean Water Mobile Water
Laboratories provide enhanced flexibility for international deployments and transport via shipping container. The
IX Power Clean Water Mobile Water Laboratory provides an integrated platform for readiness-response to natural disasters,
industrial accidents, or any other incident or event where an analytical laboratory needs to be deployed
quickly.
 
The MWL Mark I is also the perfect solution for educational institutions and training programs that require suitable primary and/or additional lab
space.
 
IX Power Clean Water offers all of these features
in a completely integrated and affordable mobile unit.
 
MWL Mark I Physical Specifications
 
Length: 28’ / 8.53 m • Width: 8.5’ / 2.59 m • Height: 7’ / 2.134 m
2 Axles, Type: 6,000 lb / 2,722 kg torsion axles
 
Chassis
Full perimeter aluminum frame, all tube construction
Dexter torsion axles with electric brakes on all axles
Dual post hydraulic landing gear for gooseneck
16” O/C wall studs, floor cross members, and roof studs
Nitrogen-filled tires w/ steel wheels
One-piece aluminum subfloor vapor barrier, with 3/4” plywood subfloor
Power roof vent
 
Exterior
Aluminum skin, insulated screwless/rivetless aluminum exterior
     (Kevlar available)
One piece aluminum roof, arched & trussed walk-on service roof
ATP enclosed riser with 2 storage doors
36” dual entrance doors
     (Crash gates available)
Rear stabilizer jacks (5000#, crank down)
 
Interior
All aluminum & stainless steel cabinetry and work surfaces
240v/100 amp electrical generator and service panel
U.S., U.K., European (or other) GFI wall plugs, as required
LED lighting throughout
5,200 BTU electric heater & refrigerated air conditioning
Refrigerator
10 gallon electric hot water heater
3.0 GPM, 12V water pump & fresh water tank
 
MWL Mark I Analytical Capabilities
The IX Power Clean Water Mobile Water
Laboratory is equipped for up to four technicians performing the following analytical
testing:
 
PATHOGENS
Bacteria
Viruses
Rickettsia
Protozoa
 
BIOTOXINS
Plant Toxins
Fungal Toxins
Bacterial Toxins
Animal Toxins
Algal Toxins
 
CHEMICALS
Ammonia Compounds
Carbamate Pesticides
Herbicides
Mercury Compounds
Fluorinated Organic Compounds
Arsenic Compounds
Organophosphate Pesticides
Heavy Metal Compounds
Pharmaceuticals
Chlorinated Organics
Dense Non-Aqueous Phase Liquids
Rodenticides
Hydrogen Sulfide
Cyanide Compounds
 
Agricultural Runoff Products
Nitrogen Compounds
Phosphorous Compounds 
Other Properties
TDS
Turbidity
pH
Hardness
Total Suspended Solids
Specific Conductance
Dissolved Oxygen
Sodium Adsorption Ratio
 
OPTIONAL EQUIPMENT AVAILABLE
 
RADIONUCLIDES
Alpha Emitters
Beta Emitters
Beta + Gamma Emitters
 
CHEMICAL WARFARE AGENTS
 
PETROLEUM PRODUCTS
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs)
Diesel and Gasoline Range Organics
Total Petroleum Hydrocarbons
 
The newly-designed MWL Mark II is ideal for long deployments in remote regions and, like the MWL Mark I, it fits neatly into a
standard shipping container for easy deployment (Ford F450 not included).
 
 
   

 
 

Printable Fact Sheet on IX Power Clean Water's Mobile Water LabMobile Water lab fact sheet.pdf Adobe Acrobat document [670.3 KB]             

 


















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page
























IX Power | Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power

















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power







“Dirty water is killing more people than wars and other violence combined…”
					– Christian Science Monitor


























Click Here for the IX Water website
IX Power was formed to integrate established engineering and recent technical innovations to provide baseload power and clean water for developing regions and emerging economies around the world.  
We’re passionate about people, power, potable water, and the environment.      
Baseload electric power and clean water are the “great equalizers.” They are the foundations upon which societies are built. Sufficient power and clean water are national security issues, both for those countries with an abundant supply and those without.
If a community does not have access to adequate power and clean water, it cannot advance sufficiently to become independent from subsidies provided by more developed communities and countries that may have dubious political reasons for supporting developing countries. This puts stress on the global economy.
Clean water and baseload power comprise the most basic health infrastructure. According to the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), over 2.2 million deaths each year are attributed to diarrhea caused by dirty water. Additionally, 1.8 million children under the age of five succumb to water-borne diseases, equating to an infant dying every 20 seconds from dirty water.
Power and water are inextricably linked. The production of power requires water while the treatment and distribution of water is equally dependent upon available and affordable power.
The basic essentials of water and power also allow a community to create a more advanced infrastructure that will foster improved education, trade and commerce, industry, communications, and ultimately a stable political system. In turn, these assets promote a society that values its own culture, as well as the diversity in the world around them. Developed nations are, and should be, incentivized to help those less fortunate establish these essential assets for national and global security reasons.
IX Power (pronounced Nine Power) recognizes that establishing an appropriate type of energy to power conversion is not an easy task. IX Power has the expertise, tools, and experience to make these kinds of tasks easier and much more cost effective than traditional approaches. We recognize the positive impact and opportunities provided to communities when they have clean, safe water and clean, safe power.
It’s surprising to many just how much of the planet’s fresh surface water is actually ice and snow! If the Earth is warming, what effect will the melting of all this frozen water have on the dry land and the populations residing in coastal areas?
 
 
IX Power was formed to help communities obtain both of these key assets.

IX Power provides technology-neutral analysis to determine which types of power production best meet a community’s need
We then bring appropriate global partners together to create a community-based solution
And then provide the oversight necessary to achieve the desired results in the most effective manner possible.

IX Power is the convergence of power sources to create contextually appropriate solutions.
To receive occasional Email updates about IX Power, CLICK HERE:
 



















IX Power introduces OrganiClear for cleaning produced water from Oil & Gas | IX Power



















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































IX Power Clean Water’s OrganiClear™ Treatment System for Produced Water 
A complete treatment train using OrganiClear costs from $0.50 to $1.00 per barrel, saving operators from 20% to 80%, and does not create a toxic waste stream.
Water produced along with the mining of oil & gas (O&G) introduces hundreds of billions of gallons of contaminated water into the environment each year. Produced water is highly saline and contaminated with a complex mixture of salts, volatile and semi-volatile organics, metals, organic acids, and particulates, as well as additives from the drilling process. O&G companies pay to have this contaminated water cleaned or trucked to reinjection sites for disposal—an expensive and time-consuming process that can represent as much as 10% of the total cost of hydrocarbon production. Produced water accounts for 98% of the waste stream from oil & gas recovery. 
IX Power Clean Water is manufacturing a new system to eliminate organic hydrocarbons in produced water. This system, called OrganiClear, was developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL). The three-part treatment system includes a Surfactant-Modified Zeolite (SMZ), Vapor Phase Bioreactor (VPB), and Membrane Bioreactor (MBR). 
This treatment system offers O&G companies and water users a cost-effective treatment process to decontaminate produced water for beneficial use. In addition to lowering production costs, IX Power OrganiClear™ will provide a new water resource for industry and agriculture, and a more environmentally friendly solution for disposing of produced water. 
The SMZ portion of the treatment system works by adsorbing organic compounds from produced water. When saturated with organics, the SMZ is regenerated by air stripping. The off-gas is directed to the VPB, which biologically converts the volatile and semivolitale components, particularly BTEX and NPD, to innocuous by-products at up to 99% removal efficiency. The produced water is then pumped through the MBR component, which removes organic acids. Finally, the treated produced water can be run through a traditional reverse osmosis (RO) or other filtering system to remove salts and dissolved solids. The result is clean water that can be used for industrial or agricultural purposes, or safely reintroduced to a water system. 
The IX Power Clean Water OrganiClear produced water treatment system is tolerant of a wide range of chemistries and is fully automated to provide continuous produced water treatment. This system may be used to treat produced water with a variety of contaminants, contaminant concentrations, flow rates, and stripping rates, making it flexible for use with produced water from nearly any location. Additional applications for the produced water treatment system include treatment of bilge waters and co-produced waters from other industrial processes, such as power generation. 
OrganiClear is patented and has been field tested. IX Power is now taking orders for custom manufacturing with mass manufacturing in 2014. IX Power is the exclusive commercialization vehicle for this revolutionary method of treating produced water, converting a liability into an asset. 
  




Applications

    Removal of organic compounds from produced water and vapors
    Integrates with an existing produced water treatment train or forms the basis for a complete OrganiClear-based system
    Treatment of O&G produced water, bilge water, and water from other industrial processes





Benefits
     Provides low-cost, environmentally safe treatment with low energy requirements   
IX Power Clean Water’s OrganiClear technology eliminates organic hydrocarbons from produced water even better than Mother Nature.

Keeps system costs low by using commercially available components and on-site recharging of the filter media
Eliminates expensive removal and reinjection costs associated with current disposal methods
Creates new source of usable water, especially in arid regions  
Increases RO system lifetime  
Cleans water with any level of BTEX and TDS, in the widest range of chemical concentrations, temperature, and pH
OrganiClear system cost will vary based on input, flow rate, and desired output. The organics removal process costs pennies a barrel. A complete treatment train using OrganiClear costs from $0.50 to $1.00 per barrel, saving operators from 20% to 80%, and does not create a toxic waste stream.

How do I contact someone at IX Power about OrganiClear?
A) Please complete this enquiry form (when the form window opens, make a Right Click, then “Save As” the form to your local drive and complete it using Acrobat Reader): IX_PCW_Intake_Form_8Aug2013
B) Via email at: info at ixpower dot com or
C) Call IX Power Clean Water at +1 505-661-1000.  
General Information, Sales & Customer Service:  ext. 900
Public Relations & Marketing:  ext. 902.























Produced Water, Water Technology, IX Power | IX Power




















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































Click Here to go to IX Water website

The IX Power Clean Water Company
Power and water – these are the great equalizers.
The Earth offers only a relatively small amount of freshwater for people, animals and irrigation. How the planet will provide enough clean water in the future is a major concern at IX Power.
They are the two essentials for bringing up the standard of living in emerging economies and helping communities achieve their goals of prosperity. Without enough energy and clean water, communities are caught in a miserable cycle of poverty and disease that prevents them from summoning the resources, and the will, to move forward. But, “established” countries cannot take their current water and energy assets for granted either. As the global population increases and rightfully demands their share of peace and prosperity, so will the stresses increase on resources that enable clean energy and water.
“Produced water” from industry can contain dangerous carcinogenic organic hydrocarbon compounds.
An example of IX Power’s commitment to fostering innovative clean energy and water technologies can be found in its IX Power Clean Water company and new clean water technology. IX Water™ incorporates an exciting new process created at Los Alamos National Laboratory, offers a comprehensive method for cleaning water of dangerous contaminants. IX Water is more effective and less expensive than other processes. The unique “environmental bonus” of this innovation is that it does not create yet another waste stream in the process of cleaning the first.
IX Water™  is an important development for industry and the global community:
Oil spills make the headlines most often, but one of the greatest, less-publicized environmental challenges today is “produced water.”
Contaminated with carcinogenic organic compounds, “produced water” is poisonous enough that it can cause cancer and birth defects, sicken and kill people and animals, and destroy crops and native vegetation.
IX Water removes dangerous contaminants.
Produced water is water recovered along with oil & gas in petroleum mining. It is a problem for the oil and gas industries because so much of it is created: 200 million barrels every day of the year. Industry has a choice: they can either dump it in surface ponds or inject it into deep wells OR they can clean the produced water for use in irrigation, as well as for livestock and human consumption. Most companies involved in these industries want to do what’s right for the environment. But, with the cost of transportation to dump sites, even dumping and well injection are problematic and expensive—with costs being passed onto consumers.
IX Power Clean Water understands this problem and is providing a solution. In addition to providing a more environmentally-friendly solution for handling produced water, and lowering production costs for oil and gas, IX  Water enables a new water resource for people, industry, livestock, and agriculture. Additional applications for this important technology include polluted waters from other industrial processes, such as power generation, community waste waters, ground water cleanup, hazardous waste site cleanup, and as marine sanitary devices.
To visit the website that’s exclusively for IX Power Clean Water and the family of solutions, CLICK HERE.
To receive occasional Email updates about IX Power, CLICK HERE.



















IX Power LLC is privileged to have the following esteemed industry leaders on its Advisory Board: | IX Power




















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































IX Power Advisory Board
IX Power  is pleased to announce  the Company has formed an Advisory Board whose distinguished members represent a very high level of expertise in all of the technology segments that have a strong relationship to IX Power’s product lines and future developments. The members will assist the management team in a variety of ways, including assessment of technology options, development of new technologies, and utilization of breakthrough innovations. The contributions of the team will play an important role in IX Power’s mission of becoming a leading provider of safe power and clean water solutions for use in community, industry, government, and military applications.
IX Power LLC is privileged to have the following esteemed industry leaders on its Advisory Board
Mr. Alun Cole, Esq. Advisory Board, IX Power
Mr. Alun Cole, Esq.—IX Power Advisory Board ChairmanSolicitor of the Senior Courts of England and WalesMr. Cole is a highly regarded attorney with extensive experience in international capital development.  He is currently the CEO of Africa Capital Developments, which is focused on creating and implementing affordable and sustainable healthcare solutions in sub-Sahara Africa. Mr. Cole has degrees from the London School of Economics and is active on numerous community and industry committees.
 
 
Carol Bell, Ph.D.Oil & Gas Industry ExecutiveDr. Carol Bell has over 30 years’ experience in the oil and gas sector. She began her career in corporate planning and business development in the exploration and production sector at Charterhouse Petroleum and RTZ Oil & Gas. Following this, Dr. Bell enjoyed a successful career in investment banking as a Managing Director of Chase Manhattan Bank’s Global Oil & Gas Group, Head of European Equity Research at JP Morgan and several years as an equity research analyst in the oil and gas sector at Credit Suisse First Boston and UBS Phillips & Drew.  She is currently a non-executive director of the exploration and production companies Salamander Energy plc and Det norske oljeselskap ASA as well as at the seismic contractor PGS ASA. Dr. Bell is also a Trustee of the Renewable Energy Foundation and chairs the Investment Committee of Girton College, Cambridge. She was awarded a Ph.D. in the archaeology of ancient trade in May 2005 and continues her research in this area at University College London.  
Robert Bednarz, PhD, Advisory Board, IX Power
Robert Bednarz, Ph.D.Professor, Texas A&M UniversityDr. Robert Bednarz is a recognized global expert in economic geography.  A professor at Texas A & M University whose main academic interests fall into two areas, geographic education and urban-economic geography, he has written eight books and countless articles.   Over the past 15 years, during which he served as editor of the Journal of Geography and now as North American editor of the Journal of Geography in Higher Education, Dr. Bednarz is focused mainly on topics related to how people learn, organize, and use geographic information. His research interests lie within the broad area of spatial thinking, especially in how information technology (IT) affects individuals’ ability to perceive, understand, and analyze spatial patterns, distributions, and relationships. Dr. Bednarz has served on several boards including the advisory board to Hyperion Power Generation.  He holds degrees from Dartmouth College and Northwestern University. His Ph.D. was obtained from the University of Chicago.
Mr. Michael Crawford, Advisory Board, IX Power
Mr. Michael CrawfordPartner, Q AdvisorsMichael Crawford has over 20 years of investment banking and operating experience. During his investment-banking career, Michael has executed mergers and acquisitions and raised equity and debt capital through both private placements and public offerings. Michael has worked with companies in a range of industries including telecommunications, software, alternative energy, consumer products and manufacturing. Noteworthy clients include Bolo Systems, Narus, Summit Doppler, Switch Communications, and WVT Communications.  Michael is on the Board of the Colorado Youth Soccer and has served on the Board of Directors of the Parkinson Association of the Rockies and ArtReach, two non-profit organizations in Denver. Michael received a B.A. in Economics from Lafayette College and an M.B.A. from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.



















Produced Water, Water Technology, IX Power | IX Power




















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































Click Here to go to IX Water website

The IX Power Clean Water Company
Power and water – these are the great equalizers.
The Earth offers only a relatively small amount of freshwater for people, animals and irrigation. How the planet will provide enough clean water in the future is a major concern at IX Power.
They are the two essentials for bringing up the standard of living in emerging economies and helping communities achieve their goals of prosperity. Without enough energy and clean water, communities are caught in a miserable cycle of poverty and disease that prevents them from summoning the resources, and the will, to move forward. But, “established” countries cannot take their current water and energy assets for granted either. As the global population increases and rightfully demands their share of peace and prosperity, so will the stresses increase on resources that enable clean energy and water.
“Produced water” from industry can contain dangerous carcinogenic organic hydrocarbon compounds.
An example of IX Power’s commitment to fostering innovative clean energy and water technologies can be found in its IX Power Clean Water company and new clean water technology. IX Water™ incorporates an exciting new process created at Los Alamos National Laboratory, offers a comprehensive method for cleaning water of dangerous contaminants. IX Water is more effective and less expensive than other processes. The unique “environmental bonus” of this innovation is that it does not create yet another waste stream in the process of cleaning the first.
IX Water™  is an important development for industry and the global community:
Oil spills make the headlines most often, but one of the greatest, less-publicized environmental challenges today is “produced water.”
Contaminated with carcinogenic organic compounds, “produced water” is poisonous enough that it can cause cancer and birth defects, sicken and kill people and animals, and destroy crops and native vegetation.
IX Water removes dangerous contaminants.
Produced water is water recovered along with oil & gas in petroleum mining. It is a problem for the oil and gas industries because so much of it is created: 200 million barrels every day of the year. Industry has a choice: they can either dump it in surface ponds or inject it into deep wells OR they can clean the produced water for use in irrigation, as well as for livestock and human consumption. Most companies involved in these industries want to do what’s right for the environment. But, with the cost of transportation to dump sites, even dumping and well injection are problematic and expensive—with costs being passed onto consumers.
IX Power Clean Water understands this problem and is providing a solution. In addition to providing a more environmentally-friendly solution for handling produced water, and lowering production costs for oil and gas, IX  Water enables a new water resource for people, industry, livestock, and agriculture. Additional applications for this important technology include polluted waters from other industrial processes, such as power generation, community waste waters, ground water cleanup, hazardous waste site cleanup, and as marine sanitary devices.
To visit the website that’s exclusively for IX Power Clean Water and the family of solutions, CLICK HERE.
To receive occasional Email updates about IX Power, CLICK HERE.





















IX Power Clean Water - Home


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews












 

 



            Please install Flash Player        

 


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 


 Welcome to IX Power Clean Water  Water!  The earth's reserves of clean water are dwindling rapidly and for 25 years the team at IX Power has advanced technologies that treat contaminated water to create more "found" water
that can be put to beneficial use.  In 2012 we started IX Power Clean Water to bring that advocacy to life to clean some of the worst water on the planet — water that is generated by industry,
and sometimes contaminated by nature itself.
 
Today we offer solutions for cleaning community drinking water and for safely dealing with produced water from industry, that is 80% cheaper and much more environmentally friendly than the common
process of transporting and reinjecting this troublesome by-product. We welcome you to our website and encourage you to look through it as we discuss the problems, opportunities, and solutions to
cleaning community drinking water and industrial produced water for beneficial reuse.
   


 

 





 About produced water:  Opportunities exist all over the world to treat produced water from oil & gas, mining, construction, and industrial processes.
   







 



 Once treated and safe for beneficial use, this newly "found" water can be used for irrigation, livestock, industrial use, and even communities. 
   







 



 IX Power Clean Water's systems can clean water for beneficial reuse for up to 80% less than it currently costs to truck & reinject contaminated water.
   







 



 

 Specialization is ruthlessly efficient ... Stephen J. Dubner, co-author of the Freakonomics books
 
At IX Power Clean Water, we agree and so to provide the most efficient ... and cost effective treatment solutions for produced water from oil & gas, mining, and industry.  Our efforts for
these industries have also led us to discover and perfect an exciting new technology for removing arsenic, lead, benzene, cadmium, chromium and more in community drinking water.
   







 

 
 

Securing the Future of Food & Water for a Demanding PlanetOverview of stresses on water for food and people.IX_Water_FoodSecurity_c_27May16.pdf Adobe Acrobat document [3.9 MB]             

 

 










NEWS 

Senator Pete Domenici Announces Solution for
Oklahoma Earthquakes
is IX Power’s Produced Water Treatment from
Los Alamos
 
GOLDEN, COLORADO, Sept 13, 2016 – Former U.S. Senator Pete Domenici announced today that IX Power Clean Water’s (www.ixwater.com) treatment technology
developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory can eliminate earthquakes in Oklahoma, Texas, Colorado and other oil producing states by eliminating the need to inject oil and gas wastewater into deep
wells.
 
Last week, Oklahoma was hit with the largest earthquake in the state’s history. It was felt from North Dakota to Houston. Once very geologically active, Oklahoma is riddled with fault lines that
are susceptible to the un-stability caused by the reinjection below the water table of “produced water” – wastewater – from oil and gas operations in the region. By most accounts there are more than
10,000 such wells in the state.
 
“There is no need for earthquakes because there is no longer a need to inject produced water from industry operations,” said Senator Domenici, who championed energy innovation during his
36 years in the Senate representing New Mexico. “The IX Water OG system was conceptualized, built, and tested by a team of scientists from Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico
Tech, and the University of Texas, and makes it possible to effectively and cost-efficiently treat produced water for reuse. The energy industry can thereby eliminate the re-injection practice while
transforming waste into a safe asset for thirsty farms and ranches, or recycled for O & G operations.” 
 
For more, click HERE.
 
IX Power CEO Grizz Deal Interview on O&G Produced Water and Small Nuclear
Power


John Grizz Deal was recently interviewed on the "POWER HOUR" about the opportunities for produced water from oil
& gas operations, and about the history and future of Small Modular (nuclear power) Reactors (SMRs). Before taking the helm at IX Power Clean Water, Grizz was
the CEO at Hyperion Power Generation, the first SMR company to present a new reactor design before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in the 21st century.
 
To hear the broadcast, click HERE.

 
Introducing IX Water Blü
The most efficient method of removing common contaminants from community drinking water, IX Water Blu systems remove Arsenic, Benzene, Cadmium, Chromium, Lead and other contaminants. Learn more ...
 











 
BTEX & Heavy Metal Mobile Treatment Demo Unit Now on the Road!
Need to eliminate volatile organics from water such as BTEX (benzene, ethylbenzene, toluene, and xylene), and heavy metals including, but not limited to aluminum, barium
and cadmium?
Now it’s easier than ever to witness the remarkable produced water treatment technology of IX Power Clean Water’s OrganiClear. The IX Water team has completed and launched
a new mobile OrganiClear unit on wheels.  Typical full-size, site-built OrganiClear units treat 2,000 to 5,000 barrels of produced water a day, but the new one-fifth scale mobile system can be
quickly driven up to almost any site, run a real-time pre-treatment test, treat the water, and provide post-treatment results.  Call today and schedule an on-site demonstration with IX Power
Clean Water.



 








Senator Pete Domenici (Ret.)


U.S. Senator Pete V. Domenici, New Mexico, joins the team
At a press conference in Albuquerque recently, U.S. Senator Pete V. Domenici (retired) announced he has joined the board of IX Power Clean Water,
Inc.  Domenici, who during his 36 years in the United States Senate appropriated funding for water
purification and re-use, said he believes recent studies and commercial trials “validate both the process IX Power Clean Water has invented, but also its substantial advantages over present cleanup
methods.
“The oil and gas industry alone spends more than $50 billion annually to have its wastewater trucked offsite and disposed of, either in reinjection wells
or evaporation ponds. In this era of water scarcity, the approach by IX Power Clean Water holds great promise for water reuse for agriculture and industrial uses at dramatic cost savings.”
READ MORE ...



 


 Register here to receive occasional updates & information from IX Power Clean Water  Usually only four times per year ...  


 


        Your form message has been successfully sent.    

        You have entered the following data:    





Please submit this form to sign up for our newsletter, to be contacted by a member of our Water Solution Team, or to ask any question. You may also call the IX Power Clean Water headquarters at 303-277-9520.




        Please correct your input in the following fields:    
 



        Error while sending the form. Please try again later.    





Name: *            




Company: 




E-mail address: *            




Telephone/fax: 




Tell us a little about your needs 






                Please add me to the list to receive the IX Power newsletter.            




                Please have a Water Solution Team Member contact me.            




Note: 
        Fields marked with * are required




 










Visit the IX Power Foundation website.
 
Learn more about Clean Water for Bangladesh, the effort to send IX Water Blü machines to areas most affected by arsenic and other toxin intrusion in community drinking
water.
 
Bangladesh may well have the biggest problem on the planet with polluted water.  Over 20 million people in that country have only arsenic-laced water to drink and it's having deadly
consequences.  One in five Bangladeshis are dying from arsenic poisoning. Some of the arsenic in their water is naturally-occuring. However, a great amount of arsenic and other deadly
contaminants have been generated by the textile and leather industry there. Bangladeshis are paying the price with their health and their lives so that wealthy nations on other continents can enjoy
cheap fashion.
 











Photo to the right is of dye and chemicals from a textile manufacturing plant being dumped into its local drinking water source.
 
Help IX Power Foundation send water cleaning and treatment machines to villages in Bangladesh.  Visit:  https://www.gofundme.com/waterforbangladesh



 





  


















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page






















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.




IX Power Clean Water, Inc.: Board of Directors - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:47 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of IX Power Clean Water, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



IX Power Clean Water, Inc. INSIDERS ON Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsTitleAgeJohn Deal   11 RelationshipsExecutive Chairman, CEO, President, Executive Chairman & CEO of IX Power LLC & IX Power, Ltd--Randall Wilson   4 RelationshipsDirector and Chief Financial Officer of IX Power Companies --Robert Libutti Ph.D. 4 RelationshipsDirector and Chief Strategy Officer of IX Power Companies --
Other Board Members on Board Members
Name (Connections)RelationshipsType of Board MembersPrimary CompanyAgeLon Frederick  4 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsIX Power Clean Water, Inc.--Pete  Domenici J.D.21 RelationshipsMember of the Board of DirectorsNational Center for Genome Resources--
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Connected People on the IX Power Clean Water, Inc. BoardNameRelationshipsPete  V. Domenici J.D.21 RelationshipsJohn R. Deal  11 RelationshipsLon   Frederick  4 RelationshipsRobert L. Libutti Ph.D.4 RelationshipsRandall B. Wilson  4 Relationships










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact IX Power Clean Water, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























IX Power Clean Water, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 1:47 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of IX Power Clean Water, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
IX Power Clean Water, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells systems that eliminate organic hydrocarbons in produced water from oil and gas, mining, construction, and industrial processes. The company offers OrganiClear, a treatment system which cleans organic hydrocarbons from produced water for beneficial reuse, such as irrigation, livestock, industrial, and communities. It also provides a Mobile Water Laboratory that supports chemical analysis of surface water, groundwater/precipitation, drinking water, bottled water, agricultural water, urban water supplies, recycled water, general water quality, testing in industrial processes, and industrial and wastewater discharge. The company was inc...
IX Power Clean Water, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells systems that eliminate organic hydrocarbons in produced water from oil and gas, mining, construction, and industrial processes. The company offers OrganiClear, a treatment system which cleans organic hydrocarbons from produced water for beneficial reuse, such as irrigation, livestock, industrial, and communities. It also provides a Mobile Water Laboratory that supports chemical analysis of surface water, groundwater/precipitation, drinking water, bottled water, agricultural water, urban water supplies, recycled water, general water quality, testing in industrial processes, and industrial and wastewater discharge. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Golden, Colorado with additional offices in Los Alamos, New Mexico; Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and London, United Kingdom. IX Power Clean Water, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of IX Power LLC.
Detailed Description


1440 Brickyard RoadSuite 3Golden, CO 80403United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 505-661-1000

www.ixwater.co







Key Executives for IX Power Clean Water, Inc.




Mr. John R. Deal


      	Executive Chairman, CEO, President, Executive Chairman & CEO of IX Power LLC & IX Power, Ltd
      








Ms. Deborah A. Deal-Blackwell APR


      	VP - Mktg & Public Relations and CEO of The IX Power Foundation
      








Mr. Randall B. Wilson


      	Director and Chief Financial Officer of IX Power Companies 
      








Mr. Robert L. Libutti Ph.D.


      	Director and Chief Strategy Officer of IX Power Companies 
      








Mr. Chris Luiz


      	Water Products Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 $1 Energy Fund, Inc. United States 1 Class Corp United States 1 Solution Corp United States 1-800 Junk-USA United States 100 Pablo, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact IX Power Clean Water, Inc., please visit www.ixwater.co.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














IX Power Foundation, Inc, | IX Power


















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































To visit the dedicated IX Power Foundation website CLICK HERE: 
IX Power Foundation
The IX Power Foundation is a not-for-profit 501 (c) 3 that was founded by IX Power to advance innovative technologies, and the issues surrounding power and clean water for developing and undeveloped regions of the world.
The IX Power Foundation has a multi-purpose mission to:

Foster the creation and growth of innovative new products and services – particularly those offering clean, safe, energy and water solutions
Encourage the development and growth of innovative new companies in the American West – particularly in the Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Montana corridor
Coordinate and execute energy and water construction projects for “in-need” communities worldwide
Advocate for and assist with funding of specific energy and water projects
Provide education about evolving technologies and their role in a sustainable future for the planet
Encourage the growth of Clean-Tech companies worldwide

The Technologies the Foundation supports are:   

Clean – non-harmful to the environment or population
Innovative
Mass-produced
Reasonably priced for the circumstance
Tech companies that are altruistic to the client

FEATURED ACTIVITIES OF THE IX POWER FOUNDATION, INC.
The JeffCo Innovators’ Workshop
In keeping with its mission to encourage entrepreneurship – particularly for the growth of innovative “green and clean” products and services, the IX Power Foundation is the proud founder of the JeffCo Innovators’ Workshop.  The JIW is a forum for entrepreneurs and innovators in the Jefferson County area to share information, contacts and resources to support new business startups and innovative product development.  More information about the JIW, can be found at: www.meetup.com/Innovators-Workshop
IX Power Foundation Business Consulting Services
The IX Power Foundation offers consulting services regarding all aspects of product and business growth including, but not limited to: marketing, government relations, product  invention and development, intellectual property protection, and growth funding
The IX Power Foundation Publishing Company
IX Power Foundation Publishing focuses on print and digital media projects that offer a new way of viewing sometimes difficult to understand topics. Some of the company’s publishing projects currently include two books on energy issues, and one on marketing and public relations for innovative startup companies.  Have a compelling book suggestion?  Contact the Foundation.
The IX Power Foundation’s Speaker Offerings
As a service to the global community, the Foundation offers speakers well-versed on a variety of salient topics.  These speakers are sourced from the IX Power Companies and from other organizations that the Foundation enjoys a relationship with, as well as from within the IX Power Foundation. For a list of topics, please visit our Speakers’ Bureau page.
The IX Power People Talent Agency
Providing the “brain power” to create and implement new technologies is equally as important as providing the technology itself. As part of its mission supporting clean water and power around the globe, the Foundation has created IX Power People – a unique “talent agency” for scientists and researchers from Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL). IX Power People works with former staffers from LANL to help them identify and work with projects around the globe that will make a positive impact on humanity and the environment.
for more information visit: IX Power People
The JeffCo Innovation Faire 2014
A Public Science, Technology, & Manufacturing Faire for Adults & Kids of All Ages   
Where could Coloradans see new inventions, innovations, products and services, all while enjoying two days of demonstrations, entertainment, great food, and fun? The JeffCo Innovation Faire 2014! The “science, technology and manufacturing fair for all ages” was held on Friday and Saturday, September 12 and 13. A two-day not-for-profit event, held on the campus of Warren Tech - the career and technical high school for Jefferson County Public Schools – provided the public with the opportunity to see Colorado’s newest innovations and products, and become more familiar with existing businesses, services, and educational opportunities.
The event was sponsored by XCEL Energy, Comcast, the Gates Corporation, McREL International, First Bank, the West Chamber, the Jefferson County Economic Development Corporation, Car2Go, Saber Astronautics, Technology Ventures Corporation, the City of Lakewood, and of course the IX Power Foundation.
In addition to exhibits of new inventions, products and businesses, the Faire offered the public an opportunity to see demonstrations of new products, learn about services available to help entrepreneurs and businesses, and have fun!  Plus, the Faire showcased the winners of the High School, College & Startup S.T.A.R.S. Innovation Challenges.
 
IX Power Foundation Contact:
Deborah Deal-Blackwell, APR
CEO
Deborah at IXPowerFoundation dot org

Claire Paulette
Administrative Assistant
Claire at IXPowerFoundation dot org

Dedicated IX Power Foundation website:
To contact the IX Power Foundation, Inc. please begin with our main office:
Phone:  303-277-9520
or Phone:  +1 505-661-1000
Extension 900:  Sales, Customer Service, General Information
Extension 902:  Marketing & Public Relations Department
P.O. Box 16999, Golden, Colorado, 80402
 





















IX Power Clean Water - Home


















 




























HomeIX Water ProductsFAQs & DocsContactCorporateBlogNews












 

 



            Please install Flash Player        

 


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 


 Welcome to IX Power Clean Water  Water!  The earth's reserves of clean water are dwindling rapidly and for 25 years the team at IX Power has advanced technologies that treat contaminated water to create more "found" water
that can be put to beneficial use.  In 2012 we started IX Power Clean Water to bring that advocacy to life to clean some of the worst water on the planet — water that is generated by industry,
and sometimes contaminated by nature itself.
 
Today we offer solutions for cleaning community drinking water and for safely dealing with produced water from industry, that is 80% cheaper and much more environmentally friendly than the common
process of transporting and reinjecting this troublesome by-product. We welcome you to our website and encourage you to look through it as we discuss the problems, opportunities, and solutions to
cleaning community drinking water and industrial produced water for beneficial reuse.
   


 

 





 About produced water:  Opportunities exist all over the world to treat produced water from oil & gas, mining, construction, and industrial processes.
   







 



 Once treated and safe for beneficial use, this newly "found" water can be used for irrigation, livestock, industrial use, and even communities. 
   







 



 IX Power Clean Water's systems can clean water for beneficial reuse for up to 80% less than it currently costs to truck & reinject contaminated water.
   







 



 

 Specialization is ruthlessly efficient ... Stephen J. Dubner, co-author of the Freakonomics books
 
At IX Power Clean Water, we agree and so to provide the most efficient ... and cost effective treatment solutions for produced water from oil & gas, mining, and industry.  Our efforts for
these industries have also led us to discover and perfect an exciting new technology for removing arsenic, lead, benzene, cadmium, chromium and more in community drinking water.
   







 

 
 

Securing the Future of Food & Water for a Demanding PlanetOverview of stresses on water for food and people.IX_Water_FoodSecurity_c_27May16.pdf Adobe Acrobat document [3.9 MB]             

 

 










NEWS 

Senator Pete Domenici Announces Solution for
Oklahoma Earthquakes
is IX Power’s Produced Water Treatment from
Los Alamos
 
GOLDEN, COLORADO, Sept 13, 2016 – Former U.S. Senator Pete Domenici announced today that IX Power Clean Water’s (www.ixwater.com) treatment technology
developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory can eliminate earthquakes in Oklahoma, Texas, Colorado and other oil producing states by eliminating the need to inject oil and gas wastewater into deep
wells.
 
Last week, Oklahoma was hit with the largest earthquake in the state’s history. It was felt from North Dakota to Houston. Once very geologically active, Oklahoma is riddled with fault lines that
are susceptible to the un-stability caused by the reinjection below the water table of “produced water” – wastewater – from oil and gas operations in the region. By most accounts there are more than
10,000 such wells in the state.
 
“There is no need for earthquakes because there is no longer a need to inject produced water from industry operations,” said Senator Domenici, who championed energy innovation during his
36 years in the Senate representing New Mexico. “The IX Water OG system was conceptualized, built, and tested by a team of scientists from Los Alamos National Laboratory, New Mexico
Tech, and the University of Texas, and makes it possible to effectively and cost-efficiently treat produced water for reuse. The energy industry can thereby eliminate the re-injection practice while
transforming waste into a safe asset for thirsty farms and ranches, or recycled for O & G operations.” 
 
For more, click HERE.
 
IX Power CEO Grizz Deal Interview on O&G Produced Water and Small Nuclear
Power


John Grizz Deal was recently interviewed on the "POWER HOUR" about the opportunities for produced water from oil
& gas operations, and about the history and future of Small Modular (nuclear power) Reactors (SMRs). Before taking the helm at IX Power Clean Water, Grizz was
the CEO at Hyperion Power Generation, the first SMR company to present a new reactor design before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission in the 21st century.
 
To hear the broadcast, click HERE.

 
Introducing IX Water Blü
The most efficient method of removing common contaminants from community drinking water, IX Water Blu systems remove Arsenic, Benzene, Cadmium, Chromium, Lead and other contaminants. Learn more ...
 











 
BTEX & Heavy Metal Mobile Treatment Demo Unit Now on the Road!
Need to eliminate volatile organics from water such as BTEX (benzene, ethylbenzene, toluene, and xylene), and heavy metals including, but not limited to aluminum, barium
and cadmium?
Now it’s easier than ever to witness the remarkable produced water treatment technology of IX Power Clean Water’s OrganiClear. The IX Water team has completed and launched
a new mobile OrganiClear unit on wheels.  Typical full-size, site-built OrganiClear units treat 2,000 to 5,000 barrels of produced water a day, but the new one-fifth scale mobile system can be
quickly driven up to almost any site, run a real-time pre-treatment test, treat the water, and provide post-treatment results.  Call today and schedule an on-site demonstration with IX Power
Clean Water.



 








Senator Pete Domenici (Ret.)


U.S. Senator Pete V. Domenici, New Mexico, joins the team
At a press conference in Albuquerque recently, U.S. Senator Pete V. Domenici (retired) announced he has joined the board of IX Power Clean Water,
Inc.  Domenici, who during his 36 years in the United States Senate appropriated funding for water
purification and re-use, said he believes recent studies and commercial trials “validate both the process IX Power Clean Water has invented, but also its substantial advantages over present cleanup
methods.
“The oil and gas industry alone spends more than $50 billion annually to have its wastewater trucked offsite and disposed of, either in reinjection wells
or evaporation ponds. In this era of water scarcity, the approach by IX Power Clean Water holds great promise for water reuse for agriculture and industrial uses at dramatic cost savings.”
READ MORE ...



 


 Register here to receive occasional updates & information from IX Power Clean Water  Usually only four times per year ...  


 


        Your form message has been successfully sent.    

        You have entered the following data:    





Please submit this form to sign up for our newsletter, to be contacted by a member of our Water Solution Team, or to ask any question. You may also call the IX Power Clean Water headquarters at 303-277-9520.




        Please correct your input in the following fields:    
 



        Error while sending the form. Please try again later.    





Name: *            




Company: 




E-mail address: *            




Telephone/fax: 




Tell us a little about your needs 






                Please add me to the list to receive the IX Power newsletter.            




                Please have a Water Solution Team Member contact me.            




Note: 
        Fields marked with * are required




 










Visit the IX Power Foundation website.
 
Learn more about Clean Water for Bangladesh, the effort to send IX Water Blü machines to areas most affected by arsenic and other toxin intrusion in community drinking
water.
 
Bangladesh may well have the biggest problem on the planet with polluted water.  Over 20 million people in that country have only arsenic-laced water to drink and it's having deadly
consequences.  One in five Bangladeshis are dying from arsenic poisoning. Some of the arsenic in their water is naturally-occuring. However, a great amount of arsenic and other deadly
contaminants have been generated by the textile and leather industry there. Bangladeshis are paying the price with their health and their lives so that wealthy nations on other continents can enjoy
cheap fashion.
 











Photo to the right is of dye and chemicals from a textile manufacturing plant being dumped into its local drinking water source.
 
Help IX Power Foundation send water cleaning and treatment machines to villages in Bangladesh.  Visit:  https://www.gofundme.com/waterforbangladesh



 





  


















                    Print                 |
Sitemap
 Copyright 2012-2016 © IX Power Clean Water, Inc. All rights reserved. Unless otherwise indicated, all material and information herein are property of IX Power Clean Water.
            




                    Login                

Web ViewMobile View

Logout |
Edit page
























Contact Us | IX Power



















 








IX Power
Commercializing innovative technologies for clean water and electric power































IX Power offices are located in:
Golden, Colorado
Washington, D.C.
London, England
Moscow, Russia
Beijing, China
To contact IX Power, please begin with our main office:
United States Office
Main Telephone: +1 505-661-1000
Extension 900:  Sales, Customer Service, General Information
Extension 902:  Marketing & Public Relations Department
Water Lab:  303-277-9520 (Area 51 3/4, Golden, Colorado)
Email:  info at ixpower dot com
Beijing, China Office:
Telephone:  86 10 8437-7398
Email: nshi at ixpower dot com
For Information on OrganiClear, please complete this enquiry form (when the form window opens, make a RIGHT CLICK, then “Save As” the form to your local drive and complete it using Acrobat Reader): IX_PCW_Intake_Form_8Aug2013
 
IX Power
P.O. Box 16999
Golden, Colorado 80402   USA
To receive occasional Email updates about IX Power, CLICK HERE:














