


JAB Holding Company - Wikipedia





















 






JAB Holding Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


JAB Holding Company


Type

Private


Headquarters
Luxembourg[1]



Key people

Peter Harf, Bart Becht, Olivier Goudet, Matthias Reimann-Andersen, Renate Reimann-Haas, Stefan Reimann-Andersen, Wolfgang Reimann


Subsidiaries
Coty, Inc.
Peet's Coffee & Tea
Mighty Leaf Tea
Caribou Coffee
Jacobs Douwe Egberts
Einstein Bros. Bagels
Keurig Green Mountain
Krispy Kreme


Website
jabholco.com


JAB Holding Company[2] (“JAB” or Joh. A. Benckiser) is a privately held business group[3] headquartered in Luxembourg focused on investments in companies with premium brands in the consumer goods category.[4]
Overview[edit]
JAB’s portfolio includes a minority stake in the consumer products company Reckitt Benckiser,[5] a majority stake in Coty, Inc., a majority stake in Peet’s Coffee & Tea, a majority stake in Caribou Coffee Company, a majority stake in Jacobs Douwe Egberts (JDE), a majority stake in Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, and a majority stake in Jimmy Choo Ltd.[6][7][8][9] JAB also owns Bally, Belstaff, Zagliani, Espresso House and Baresso Coffee A/S.[10][11][12]
In August 2014, under the Peet's Coffee and Tea brand, JAB acquired Mighty Leaf Tea, a specialty tea retailer based in the San Francisco Bay Area.[13] In October 2015, Peet's Coffee & Tea also acquired a majority stake in Chicago-based Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea.[14] making this the second purchase in a month following the acquisition of Portland, Oregon's Stumptown Coffee.
In March 2016, JAB and other investors acquired Keurig Green Mountain for $13.9 billion.[15][16] In May 2016, JAB-controlled JAB Beech reached an agreement to acquire US doughnut shop operator, Krispy Kreme, for $1.35 billion.[17]
On 5 April 2017, JAB reached an agreement to buy the US bakery Panera Bread for $7.5 billion.[18]
Ownership[edit]
Owned by Germany’s Reimann family,[19] 95% of JAB Holding belongs to four of the late Albert Reimann Jr.'s nine adopted children. They are descendants of chemist Ludwig Reimann, who, in 1828, joined with Johann Adam Benckiser (founder of the namesake chemical company). Reimann married one of Benckiser's daughters and ended up owning the business. Great-grandson Albert Reimann Jr. took over after his father died in 1952, and added consumer goods.
Initially each of the nine children had inherited 11.1% ownership in JAB upon Albert's death in 1984. In the following years, five of the heirs sold their stakes to the other four: Matthias Reimann-Andersen, Renate Reimann-Haas, Stefan Reimann-Andersen and Wolfgang Reimann. As of January 2015, each of the four owns about $3.8 billion in JAB shares.[20]
References[edit]


^ Arash Massoudi (September 11, 2012). "Coty postpones $700m IPO amid slowdown". Financial Times. 
^ William Alden (September 29, 2014). "Bagel Maker Einstein Noah Sold to German Firm for $374 Million". The New York Times. 
^ Jonathan Braude (October 17, 2014). "Jimmy Choo bravely steps onto London market after IPO". The Deal (magazine). 
^ Chelsey Dulaney (September 29, 2014). "Einstein Noah Agrees to $374 Million Buyout". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Joan E. Solsman (July 23, 2012). "Peet's Coffee to Be Taken Private for $1 Billion". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ Macdonald, Alastair; Geller, Martinne; Landini, Francesca (5 May 2015). "Mondelez, D.E Master Blenders coffee venture gets EU nod". Reuters. 
^ Mary Ellen Podmolik (September 29, 2014). "JAB Holdings to buy bagel seller Einstein Bros.' parent for $374 million". Los Angeles Times. 
^ Mary Ellen Podmolik (September 29, 2014). "Einstein bagels parent to be acquired by majority owner of Peet's, Caribou Coffee". Chicago Tribune. 
^ Julia Kollewe and Jill Treanor (October 17, 2014). "Jimmy Choo shares edge higher on stock market debut". The Guardian. 
^ Jana Simmons (October 17, 2014). "Jimmy Choo Lists in London, With Shares at Bottom of Range". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "JAB Furthers Coffee-Shop Expansion With Deal for Nordic Leader". Bloomberg Business. 2 June 2015. 
^ Kongskov, Jesper; Friis, Lasse (22 June 2015). "Baresso sold to German coffee family". Berlingske Business. 
^ "Peet’s Coffee & Tea Acquires Mighty Leaf Tea to Accelerate Its Growth in the Premium Tea Category". Business Wire. Peet's. August 1, 2014. Retrieved 23 September 2014. 
^ "Peet's Coffee & Tea Buys Intelligentsia Coffee". 
^ "JAB completes acquisition of Keurig Green Mountain". Vermont Business Magazine. March 3, 2016.
^ "JAB Holding Company-Led Investor Group Completes Acquisition of Keurig Green Mountain, Inc.". Business Wire. March 3, 2016.
^ "Krispy Kreme to be Acquired by JAB Beech for $21 Per Share in Cash". Business Wire. Krispy Kreme. May 9, 2016. Retrieved 9 May 2016. 
^ "Krispy Kreme owner pays $7.5bn for Panera Bread chain". BBC News. 5 April 2017. Retrieved 5 April 2017. 
^ "Reimann family’s JAB agrees Panera Bread takeover". ft.com (Finantial Times). Retrieved 2017-04-05. 
^ "Matthias Reimann-Andersen". Forbes. Retrieved 30 January 2015. 






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=JAB_Holding_Company&oldid=792240237"					
Categories: Companies based in Rhineland-Palatinate 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 10:36.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Coty’s biggest investor sells off part of its share in the business








 



















 



















 








Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website

 








SUBSCRIBE
FREE NEWSLETTER


Breaking News on Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North AmericaEU editionAPAC edition







 








Headlines




Brand Innovation
Formulation & Science
Packaging & Design
Business & Financial
Market Trends
Regulation & Safety
Videos
Audios
Galleries
Internet Live Events
Promotional Features










Site Archive
July 2017
June 2017
Previous months







Hot topics




Anti-Aging
Naturals & Organics
Nanotechnology
Sustainable Packaging
Digital













PRODUCT LIBRARY




Skin Care
Hair Care
Color Cosmetics


Fragrance
Nutricosmetics
Packaging





Resources
All Products
Supplier Webinars
Videos & Audio
Technical Papers
Product Brochures
Suppliers







Events




All events
Our events


Shows & Conferences
Other industry events








CD Buzz




News & Analysis
Events
Executive interviews













Related sites




CosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe  CosmeticsDesign-Asia.comCosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific 




















 







Headlines > Business & Financial









Read more breaking news


 



 

 

Text size
Print
Forward


















Subscribe to our FREE newsletter
SUBSCRIBE






Coty’s biggest investor sells off part of its share in the business

By Simon Pitman+Simon Pitman 18-Mar-20152015-03-18T00:00:00ZLast updated on 18-Mar-2015 at 16:23 GMT2015-03-18T16:23:31Z



Related tags:
    Jab, Coty, Investor, Shares

 

 


 
Cosmetics B.V. Jab, has sold off a part of its investment in fragrance and luxury cosmetics maker Coty, selling more than 1.4 million shares off at a total price in excess of $30 million.
 


 
Coty has been performing well of late, prompting a number of analysts and financial experts to raise their price target and recommend buying shares in the company.In an SEC filing, which is obligatory for large shareholders who own more than 10% in any company, it was revealed that Cosmetics B.V Jab sold 1,431,571 shares at an average price of $20.96 a share, amounting to a total sale price of $30,005,728.16.Jab remains Coty's biggest investorJab Holdings is a family-owned investment group registered in Luxembourg, and the Cosmetics B.V. forms its interest in the cosmetics and personal care arena.Following on from the sale of its shares in the business, Jab still owns 262,321,246 shares in Coty, which means it remains by far the leading investor in the company.Last week analysts at BTIG Research sent out a not that reiterated its ‘buy’ rating for Coty shares, and recommended a price target of $26.00, while back in February analysts at Citigroup set a price target per share of between $22.00 and $25.00.Outlook improves for CotyShare prices have been steadily climbing during the course of the past week, and hit a high of $22.97 during trading yesterday.Net revenues for the first six months of the company’s financial year were down 2% to $2.44bn, while net income on a adjusted basis was up 21% to $266.2m.  


Looking ahead to the full 2015 financial year, the company is predicting that it will return to profitable growth, thanks to a strong innovation pipeline that should boost revenues, while profits are expected to be enhanced by cost optimization and continued investment in its power brands. 








This content is copyright protected

However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below:
Coty’s biggest investor sells off part of its share in the business
By Simon Pitman+Simon Pitman, 18-Mar-2015
Cosmetics B.V. Jab, has sold off a part of its investment in fragrance and luxury cosmetics maker Coty, selling more than 1.4 million shares off at a total price in excess of $30 million.
http://www.cosmeticsdesign.com/Business-Financial/Coty-s-biggest-investor-sells-off-part-of-its-share-in-the-business




Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions




Related news:
Coty share price hits record high amidst P&G acquisition rumor
Coty expands digital marketing capabilities with acquisition
Nu Skin reaches top-five list of anti-aging companies to invest in
Coty announces new SVP
Coty and Avon team up in Brazil
Experts give mixed response on Coty’s Bourjois acquisition
Coty and Prada form fragrance partnership
Coty announces new corporate website
 

RELATED TOPICS:

Business & Financial




Subscribe to our FREE newsletter

Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers.
SUBSCRIBE























  







Most Popular News



1Cosmoprof North America 2017, in photos2Madison Reed is “operationally blowing up the salon channel”3DNA Diagnostics Center launches skin care test kit for consumers4Mary Kay launches new beauty tech5Saturday is National Lipstick Day!


  







Key Industry Events








06-Sep-2017
ADF&PCD 
New York City / Conference and exhibition
Read more



20-Sep-2017
in-cosmetics Latin America
São Paulo, Brazil / Conference and exhibition
Read more


Access all events listing











Products





 

Rose from Damas active cells to decrease wrinkles
Naolys
 


Detoxi-Look®, the Radiant Detoxifier – Happy Skin for a Happy Look!
Solabia USA
 


MODERN HIGH PERFORMANCE DEODORANT ACTIVES by Symrise
Symrise
 


Sustainable Alternative to Isohexadecane and Silicones
APRINNOVA
 


Our volunteers feel happier, know why! 
Provital Group
 


The Science of Hair Strength
Croda
 

View All Products










On demand Supplier Webinars

Reprogramming the skin for a youthful appearance
Lipotec



A New Approach to Environmental Stress
Chemyunion



Busy life? How do you support your skin to follow the rhythm?
CODIF

All supplier webinars









Today's Headlines






 IBE opens in NYC next month – prepare to be inspired by beauty 
 
 Saturday is National Lipstick Day!
 
 Trend Spotting: Ayurvedic beauty
 
 Inolex opens new sales office in France 





 







Weekly / Daily Free Newsletters
CosmeticsDesign.com USACosmeticsDesign-Europe.comCosmeticsDesign-Asia.com  
Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Daily


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Daily


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Daily

  
Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in North America - Weekly


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe - Weekly


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific - Weekly

  
     
    

     
    

     
    
  
Skin Care


Skin Care


Skin Care

  
Hair Care


Hair Care


Hair Care

  
Color Cosmetics


Colour Cosmetics


Color Cosmetics

  
Fragrance


Fragrance


Fragrance

  
Nutricosmetics


Nutricosmetics


Nutricosmetics

  
Packaging


Packaging


Packaging







Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE






 Related Sites from our Team


Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Europe
                                             | 
                                                                                    Cosmetics Formulation & Packaging in Asia-Pacific





About us |
                            Editorial Calendar |
                Site map |
        All sites |
                                            Recommend this Site |
                
                    Advertise |
                            Contact the Editor |
        
        Terms & Conditions  |
        Privacy & Cookie Policy
































JAB Holdings B.V.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:14 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of JAB Holdings B.V.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
JAB Holdings B.V. is a principal investment firm specializing investments in companies with premium brands in the consumer goods sector. JAB Holdings B.V. is based in Haarlem, Netherlands. It operates as a subsidiary of JAB Holding Company SARL.


Oudeweg 147Haarlem,  2031 CCNetherlands



Phone: 31 235 62 65 20

Fax: 31 235 62 65 04








Key Executives for JAB Holdings B.V.




Mr. Peter Harf


      	Chief Executive Officer and Senior Partner
      


Age: 71
        







Mr. Olivier Goudet


      	Partner and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 52
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

JAB Holdings B.V. Key Developments

Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP Files Class Action Suit against Keurig Green Mountain Inc. and JAB Holdings B.V
Jan 27 16
Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP announced that a class action has been commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Vermont on behalf of shareholders of Keurig Green Mountain, Inc. on December 7, 2015, in connection with the proposed acquisition of Keurig by JAB Holdings B.V. Any member of the putative class may move the Court to serve as lead plaintiff through counsel of their choice, or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member. The complaint charges Keurig, its Board of Directors, JAB Holdings B.V. and certain of JAB's affiliates with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On December 7, 2015, Keurig and JAB jointly announced that they had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger pursuant to which JAB will purchase Keurig for $92.00 per share in cash. The complaint alleges that in connection with the Proposed Transaction, on December 24, 2015, and again on January 12, 2016, defendants filed a materially false and misleading preliminary proxy statement with the SEC on Schedule 14A in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the 1934 Act. The Proxy, which recommends that Keurig shareholders vote in favor of the Proposed Transaction, fails to disclose material information regarding the negotiation and approval of the deal, which deprives the Company's shareholders of their right to cast an informed vote. For example, the Proxy fails to disclose the following material information, which renders statements made in the Proxy materially false and/or misleading: the discussions and reasoning underlying the 50% probability weighting applied to Keurig Kold; the details of discussions between senior management and JAB; the information regarding Keurig's inherent value and prospects as a standalone company; the discussions and reasoning underlying the Board's failure to seek out other bidders; the information and discussions regarding conflicts of interest with respect to the Board's financial advisors, BofA Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse; and the material assumptions and metrics underlying the valuation analyses performed by BofA Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse. Without this material information, the Company's shareholders cannot make an informed decision on how to vote their shares or whether to seek appraisal. Plaintiff seeks damages and injunctive and equitable relief on behalf of holders of Keurig stock on December 7, 2015. The plaintiff is represented by Robbins Geller.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 2Deal Ventures B.V. Europe Accion N.V. Europe Adagium Corporate Finance BV Europe Adcorporate International B.V. Europe AenF Partners B.V. Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JAB Holdings B.V., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


































JAB Holdings BV: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback


























jab holdings bv
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Companies
JAB Holdings BV operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers financial and investment services.




Corporate Information
Address:

Oudeweg 147
Haarlem, 2031CC
Netherlands


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.jabholco.com





Board Members




Chairman/Partner
Company


Lambertus Becht
Coty Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Lambertus J H Becht "Bart"


Chairman/Partner




Olivier Goudet


CEO/Partner




G Peter Harf


Senior Partner







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































 















JAB Holdings B.V. Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















JAB Holdings B.V.



Moody's Org ID:824219683
Market Segment:Corporates
Industry:INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT: INVESTMENT VEHICLES-HOLDCO
Peer Group:Investment Holding Companies
Domicile:NETHERLANDS




Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Family Tree



                                    Peer Group



                                    Market Signals

















    Issuer Research


    Industry Research


    Family Tree Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 12
Of 
        12


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Credit Opinion
Issuer Comment
Issuer In-Depth
Rating Action


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    11 May 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns Baa1 rating to JAB's proposed bond issuance





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Apr 2017
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.A R.L.: JAB's Acquisition of Panera Bread Will Substantially Increase Leverage





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    06 Feb 2017
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.a r.l.: Credit Opinion Update Following Outlook Change to Stable





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    03 Feb 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on JAB's ratings to stable from negative





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    27 Jul 2016
                

                    Issuer In-Depth
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.a r.l.: Lower Execution & Valuation Risk: Key to Stabilising JAB's Rating Outlook & Further Positive Rating Action Long-Term





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Apr 2016
                

                    Credit Opinion
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.a r.l.





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Dec 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's changes outlook on JAB's Baa1 rating to negative, affirms ratings





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Sep 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Baa1 rating to JAB's proposed bond issuance





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 Jul 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.a.r.l.: Coty Merger with P&G’s Beauty Business is Positive Step for Further Diversification of JAB’s Portfolio





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    08 May 2015
                

                    Issuer Comment
                













                                    JAB Holding Company S.a.r.l.: EU Commission’s Approval to Combine DEMB and Mondelez’ Coffee Business is Credit Positive for JAB





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    22 Apr 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Baa1 rating to JAB's proposed bond issuance





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Nov 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns first-time Baa1 ratings to JAB Holding Company S.à r.l. Stable Outlook





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 12
Of 
        12


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































 








JAB Holding Company | Long Term Investments | Privately Held Group


  























Skip to content











JAB Holding Company

















News alert sign up


































Submit


Please sign up for news alert if you would like to receive news via email from JAB Holding Company S.à r.l. You can unsubscribe from the news alerts at any time. Please see more on JAB Holding Company S.à r.l. use of your personal information in the legal documentation on this website.







Contact details


JAB Holding Company S.à r.l. 
4, Rue Jean Monnet
L-2180 Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg



(Bond Issuer)
JAB Holdings B.V.
Oosterdoksstraat 80
1011 DK Amsterdam
The Netherlands


If you have any comments about our website, you can either write to us at the address shown above or e-mail us at info@jabholco.com. However, due to the limited number of personnel in our corporate office, we are unable to provide a direct response.



















JAB Holding Company is a privately held group focused on long term investments in companies with premium brands, attractive growth and strong margin dynamics.

Find out more







Key Brands





















































About Us





The JAB investments are overseen by three senior partners: Peter Harf, Bart Becht and Olivier Goudet, together with 8 other partners who are focused on  business development, finance, legal, tax, and human resources.
JAB actively manages and controls most of its investments.
JAB operates offices in Europe and the US (Luxembourg, London, Mannheim, Washington DC).
JAB has a solid investment grade credit rating (Baa1 at Moody’s with stable outlook and BBB+ at S&P with stable outlook). 
JAB Holdings B.V. (a 100% subsidiary of JAB) has issued public bonds listed on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

Senior Partners
Investments
Investor Relations






Senior Partners





Peter Harf
JAB Senior Partner




Chairman of JAB Luxury
Chairman of Jimmy Choo
Chairman of Espresso House
Board member / former Chairman of Coty 
Board member of JDE
Board member of Keurig Green Mountain
Board member of Peet’s Coffee & Tea
Board member of Caribou Coffee Company / Einstein Noah
Board member of Krispy Kreme


Co-founder and Executive Chairman of Delete Blood Cancer DKMS


Former Deputy Chairman of Reckitt Benckiser
Former Chairman of Anheuser-Busch InBev
Former Board member of Burger King


Master of Business Administration degree from Harvard Business School
Diploma and Doctorate in Economics from the University of Cologne/Germany












Bart Becht
JAB Partner & Chairman




Chairman of Coty
Chairman of JDE
Chairman of Keurig Green Mountain
Board member of Peet’s Coffee & Tea 
Board member of Caribou Coffee Company / Einstein Noah
Board member of Krispy Kreme


Board member of Save the Children


Former CEO of Reckitt Benckiser 
Several senior executive positions within JAB


Master of Business Administration degree from University of Chicago Booth School of Business and Bachelor of Arts in Economics from the University of Groningen/Netherlands












Olivier Goudet
JAB Partner & CEO




Chairman of Peet’s Coffee & Tea
Chairman of Krispy Kreme
Board member of Coty
Board member of JDE
Board member of Keurig Green Mountain
Board member of Caribou Coffee Company / Einstein Noah
Board member of Espresso House
Board member of Jimmy Choo


Chairman of Anheuser-Busch InBev


Former EVP and CFO of Mars 
Former independent advisor to Mars Board of Directors 


Degree in Engineering from  l’Ecole Centrale de Paris and major in finance from the ESSEC Business School Paris













Investments



Coty







Acorn Holdings







JAB Beech







JAB Coffee Holding







JAB Luxury







Reckitt Benckiser











Investor Relations



PDF downloads of accounts, prospectus for bond issuance,   and press releases. Visit the investor sites for more information.











Accounts

 



View More








Press Releases

 



View More








Prospectus for Bond Issuance

 



View more












Coty

 





Visit Site









Jimmy Choo

 





Visit Site









Reckitt Benckiser

 





Visit Site









 

 































JAB Holding Co in $1.2 billion sale of Jimmy Choo and $7 billion purchase of Panera | Campden FB


















































Sign In

Register

IPI
Campden Wealth
Campden Research
Campden Conferences
 



 






























 
















 



      What Trump means for large US family businesses      


      William Goodspeed    

 
 


 








Home

FB Blog
Comment
FB Top Family Businesses
Roundtable Discussion
Special report
Web Exclusives



Family Business

FB News
FB People
FB Profiles
Polls
Book Reviews



Awards


Next Generation


Investment

Alternatives
Asset Management
Passion Investments
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Tax and Jurisdictions



Family Office

Family Office
Health
Wealth



Governance

Legal
Ownership and Management
Succession
Middle East Case Studies



Advisers Directory


IPI

  


Vimeo
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook






























Share
|







 


JAB Holding Co in $1.2 billion sale of Jimmy Choo and $7 billion purchase of Panera



JAB Holding Company, the investment vehicle of Germany’s billionaire Reimann family, has stepped away from luxury shoe brand Jimmy Choo and bitten into bakery-café chain Panera.
Article | 
  
  27 July, 2017 05:00 PM
      | By James Beech



Click to enlarge 




JAB Holding Company, the investment vehicle of Germany’s billionaire Reimann family, has stepped away from luxury shoe brand Jimmy Choo and bitten into bakery-café chain Panera.

JAB continued its shift from the moribund luxury market to coffee and food with its call in April for buyers interested in acquiring its 68% stake in Jimmy Choo.

	US luxury fashion company Michael Kors announced this week it had reached an agreement with the London-based luxury footwear and accessories brand, made a household name in the 2000s by television shows including Sex in the City.

	Jimmy Choo shareholders were set to receive £2.30 per share, a 43% premium over Jimmy Choo’s three-month weighted average share price. The £896 million ($1.2 billion) transaction was approved by the boards of both companies.

Michael Kors said in a statement it expected Jimmy Choo to operate as it had, with its existing management team, but the new parent company was “well positioned” to support Jimmy Choo’s growth.

	The London-based shoemaker operates about 150 retail stores, 560 multi-brand doors and more than 60 franchise stores, particularly in Europe, the Middle East, the Americas and Asia. Its online platform had experienced “strong revenue growth in recent years,” the new owner said.

	“Michael Kors intends to apply the experiences, infrastructure and capabilities that it has developed as a company over the course of its own worldwide growth as a luxury fashion brand to support the growth of Jimmy Choo through retail store openings and further development of its online presence as well as through an expanded assortment of additional fashion product offerings.”

	Peter Harf, chairman of Jimmy Choo and JAB senior partner, said a “combination” with Michael Kors will allow Jimmy Choo to “embark on its next phase of growth and provide opportunities for the benefit of Jimmy Choo customers, employees, shareholders and other stakeholders.”

In the week before the Michael Kors acquisition, JAB finalised its purchase of Panera Bread Company. JAB shareholders were set to receive $315 per share in cash for each

	share they owned. The publicly listed company became private for a reported $7.5 billion.

	There are 2,043 bakery-cafés in 46 US states and in Ontario, Canada operating under the Panera Bread, Saint Louis Bread Co or Paradise Bakery & Café names.

	JAB said in a statement: “With investments in technology and operations, we now offer new ways to enjoy your Panera favourites­–like mobile ordering and Rapid PickUp for to-go orders–all designed to make things easier for our guests.”

	JAB Holding Company and JAB Consumer Fund have controlling stakes in coffeemaker Keurig Green Mountain, Jacobs Douwe Egberts, Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee Company, Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts and Espresso House.

	JAB Holding Company is also the largest shareholder in US beauty products line Coty Inc and owns a controlling stake in luxury goods companies including Bally and Belstaff as well as a minority stake in health, hygiene and home company Reckitt Benckiser PLC.

Four members of the Reimann family were ranked joint #501 with a net worth of $3.7 billion each on The World’s Billionaires 2017 by Forbes.

	Reclusive siblings Renate Reimann-Haas (65), Wolfgang Reimann (64), Stefan Reimann-Andersen (54) and Matthias Reimann-Andersen (52) were not active in the management of JAB or the operations of its portfolio companies, Forbes said.

	Their holding company is named after Johann Adam Benckiser, who bought a chemical business in Germany in 1823. Soon afterwards, Benckiser’s daughter married Ludwig Reimann, the great-great-grandfather of the Reimanns who now own JAB.

Related Content: 


FB Roundup: Rothschild, Espresso House, and Pinault family 

FB roundup: AB InBev, Fairfax Media, and In-N-Out 




About the Author

James Beech
News Editor-Senior Writer

	James Beech is News Editor and Senior Writer for CampdenFB, its website CampdenFB.com and its social network. He is a qualified and internationally experienced multimedia journalist with a career in daily newspapers, consumer magazines, online and public relations.





Login or register to post comments
 








        Related terms:
      
buy-out, FB News, jab holdings, jimmy choo, Michael Kors, Panera, reimann, sales and acquisitions, Family Business, Family office investments



 


 



 





Related News


Think basic assets as backlash blows over, says Rothschild


 

Entrepreneurial co-investing family offices to take control of family firms in 2017


 

FinTech and e-business are changing the face of the Isle of Man


 

Guernsey uses Brexit to woo families to Channel Island


 

Challenges and opportunities for family office CIOs in 2016



 





This Week's News


Wealth inheritance plans alive and kicking


 

JAB Holding Co in $1.2 billion sale of Jimmy Choo and $7 billion purchase of Panera


 

FB Roundup: Cargill, Armani, and BMW Mini


 

Market Insight: Hope for the Best; Prepare for Everything Else


 

What does the last 4,500 years tell us about the future of wealth?



 





Related Advisors


Relative Solutions


 

de Visscher & Co


 

Hassans International Law Firm


 

Wilmington Trust


 

Aurora Gems Inc


 

Kaiser Partner


 

Kellogg School of Management


 

Intertrust Group


 

Edgar Brandt Advisory SA


 

Smith & Williamson



 

 
 

 





Family Business conferences
Family Office conferences
Family Wealth conferences
Sponsorship Opportunities
Qualify

Family Business news
Family Office news
Family Wealth news
Advertise
Register
Sign In

Family Business research
Family Office research
Family Wealth research

Contact Us
Privacy policy
Terms and conditions
Site map

About us
IPI






Powered by Phase2 Technology



Vimeo
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook


CampdenFB.com is a wholly owned subsidiary of Campden Wealth
© 2001-2017 CampdenFB.com. All rights reserved. Your use of this site is governed by the Terms and Conditions.

 

 






Click here >>





