











Paul S. Jaber - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Paul S. Jaber
Executive Vice President  Mortgage Lending at First South Bancorp, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Paul S. Jaber? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Paul S. Jaber's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Paul S. Jaber's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Paul S. Jaber's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Paul S. Jaber through your network of contacts.
												








Paul S. Jaber's Executive Work History


Current


Executive Vice President  Mortgage Lending, 
First South Bancorp, Inc.


Past
To view Paul S. Jaber's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Paul S. Jaber's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Paul S. Jaber. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Paul S. Jaber's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Paul S. Jaber's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Paul S. Jaber through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Paul S. Jaber


















Paul S. Jaber's Connections (23)





Sign up now to view Paul S. Jaber's 23 connections »









L. Steven Lee
Former Board Member, First South Bancorp, Inc.









Steve L. Griffin
Former Board Member, First South Bancorp, Inc.









Lindsey A. Crisp
Former Board Member, First South Bancorp, Inc.









William L. Wall
Former Secretary, First South Bancorp, Inc.









Bruce W. Elder
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, First South Bancorp, Inc.









John F. Nicholson
Former Executive Vice President  Chief Credit Officer, First South Bancorp, Inc.









J. Randall Woodson
Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer, First South Bank, First South Bancorp, Inc.









Thomas A. Vann
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, First South Bancorp, Inc.









H. D. Reaves
Former Board Member, First South Bancorp, Inc.









Scott C. McLean
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, First South Bancorp, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Paul Jaber S - WASHINGTON,NC | paul s jaber | 10+ People Finder Results





























People Finder.




Enter first name & last name





All States 
Alabama 
Alaska 
Arizona 
Arkansas 
California 
Colorado 
Connecticut 
Delaware 
Florida 
Georgia 
Hawaii 
Idaho 
Illinois 
Indiana 
Iowa 
Kansas 
Kentucky 
Louisiana 
Maine 
Maryland 
Massachusetts 
Michigan 
Minnesota 
Mississippi 
Missouri 
Montana 
Nebraska 
Nevada 
New Hampshire 
New Jersey 
New Mexico 
New York 
North Carolina 
North Dakota 
Ohio 
Oklahoma 
Oregon 
Pennsylvania 
Puerto Rico 
Rhode Island 
South Carolina 
South Dakota 
Tennessee 
Texas 
Utah 
Vermont 
Virginia 
Washington 
Washington D.C. 
West Virginia 
Wisconsin 
Wyoming 






People Finder Results for paul s jaber









Results from PublicRecords360. Showing top 3 of 3 results.






Premium Public Records for Paul S Jaber found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. People Finder Results may contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Paul S Jaber and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
CANUTILLO, TXPaul S Jaber
2 Address(s) Found Canutillo,TXPueblo,CO
2 Phone Number(s) Found 
 
Pete JaberWilliam JaberKat Abu-jaberMary Leasure
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
CHARLOTTE, NCPaul Sherman Jaber
4 Address(s) Found Charlotte,NCRocky Mount,NCMatthews,NCClarksville,VA
4 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 60yrs.  
Farris JaberKaty JaberElaine JaberCharles Jaber
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>
SAN FRANCISCO, CAPaul S Jaber
1 Address(s) Found San Francisco,CA
1 Phone Number(s) Found 
Age: 57yrs.  
Rose JaberJimmie Jaber
Get Public Records, Property Records & more  >>

Results from US Search. Showing top 3 of 3 results.






Premium Public Records for name Paul S Jaber found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. If you are Paul S Jaber and want to change or delete a record, please contact the provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people search results and upon optout with the provider, the results will disappear after few days.



FullNameAddress HistoryAliases
AgeRelativesMore Details
Paul S JaberSAN FRANCISCO, CA
1 Address(s) Found San Francisco, CA
-
Age: 57yrs.  
Rose JaberJimmie Jaber
Get People Search Report  >>

Paul S JaberCANUTILLO, TX
2 Address(s) Found Canutillo, TXPueblo, CO
-
 
Pete JaberWilliam JaberKat Abu-jaberMary Leasure
Get People Search Report  >>

Paul Sherman JaberCHARLOTTE, NC
4 Address(s) Found Charlotte, NCRocky Mount, NCMatthews, NCClarksville, VA
-
Age: 60yrs.  
Farris JaberKaty JaberElaine JaberCharles Jaber
Get People Search Report  >>


Results from Intelius. Showing top 4 of 4 results.






Premium Public Records for Paul S Jaber found in this find people section originate from public directories available on the internet to their subscribers. The phone numbers related to Paul S Jaber found on InstantPeopleFinder.com originate in public phone directories such as white pages available on the internet. Find People Results may also contain information about Relatives & Classmates. If you are Paul S Jaber and want to change or delete your or your relatives/ classmates record, please contact the data provider directly. InstantPeopleFinder.com caches the people finder results and after optout with the data provider, the results will automatically disappear after few days.



FullNameAddressesPhone
DOBRelativesMore Details
Paul S JaberWASHINGTON, NC
Washington,NC
 
 
 
Get People Search Report  >>

Paul Sherman JaberROCKY MOUNT, NC
Rocky Mount,NCClarksville,VAMatthews,NCCharlotte,NC
125 **** 143 **** 125 **** 
Age: 60yrs.
Farris JaberKaty JaberElaine JaberCharles Jaber
Get People Search Report  >>

Paul S JaberPUEBLO, CO
Pueblo,COCanutillo,TX
171 **** 
 
Pete JaberWilliam JaberKat Abu-JaberMary Leasure
Get People Search Report  >>

Paul S JaberSAN FRANCISCO, CA
San Francisco,CA
141 **** 
Age: 57yrs.
Rose JaberJimmie Jaber
Get People Search Report  >>



Public Comments for paul s jaber. 






Public comments related to name Paul S Jaber are submitted by users. You are solely responsible for your use of this section on InstantPeopleFinder.com and use them at your own risk. By using these forums and interactive areas, you agree not to post, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish any messages that violate our terms & conditions.




Leave a Public Comment for Paul S Jaber





Please enable JavaScript to view the 
comments powered by Disqus.
blog
comments powered by Disqus





No Results Found.

Your people finder query - Paul S Jaber - did not yield any results.
Suggestions:

> Make sure search query is spelled correctly.
> Try a different search query.
> Try to be more general.

Or Try Intelius Premium People Finder:




First Name


Last Name (*)


State













Pages.


USA People Finder Search

Read Our Blog


News - Real Time People Search Tool ...


Privacy Policy




Terms & Conditions




Benefits of Service




How To Use




About Us



Contact Us




Follow us.


Become a fan and connect with ever-growing
community of People Finder Searchers. Share your thoughts and find out what Instant People Finder is up to next!














Find people with one click.

Find People information instantly! Easy to use, people finder for free using public
records, addresses, phone numbers, yellow pages and background check. From email
to address search or reverse phone number to a general people locator - we have
all the free people finder engine bases covered. So give it a try and get started
with the most basic surname search on free people finder page!










Browse. Name Directory by LastName.
abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz



Recent Updates.
Yesterday 07-20-2017 07-19-2017 07-18-2017 07-17-2017 07-16-2017 07-15-2017 



© Copyright & Trademark 2006-2017 InstantPeopleFinder.com - Instant People Finder. All rights reserved.
Instant People Finder Disclaimer for this Page: Paul Jaber S - WASHINGTON,NC | paul s jaber | 10+ People Finder Results. Most records for people finder, search people free & background check for paul s jaber are dynamically obtained in real-time. Any private information consisting of email addresses, street addresses, phone numbers etc. for paul s jaber are gathered from an extensive list of free web sources available on major people search engines & social networks.















    Intercom's Paul Adams on product - Inside Intercom             More about Intercom                        Solutions Website Live Chat Onboarding & Retention Customer Support  The Intercom Platform Free View Pricing   Features In-App Messaging Team Inbox Knowledge Base Intercom for Mobile Integrations iOS & Android Apps   Resources Watch a Demo Docs Developers Events Status Security Books   Company About Customers Careers Press Resources Contact Us     Terms Privacy team@intercom.com                     Subscribe   You’re all set. You already get our newsletter. Almost there – we’ve sent you an email to confirm your subscription.          Intercom’s Paul Adams on product             Categories     Subscribe    You’re all set. You already get our newsletter. Almost there – we’ve sent you an email to confirm your subscription.     About Intercom Careers Meet the authors                         Podcast |  Intercom’s Paul Adams on product          Subscribe          Des Traynor ,Co-founder & Chief Strategy Officer, Intercom   @destraynor    Paul Adams is our VP of Product at Intercom and has 10+ years experience leading product, research and design teams at some of the world’s most influential companies.Before joining Intercom he helped design vacuums at Dyson, helped design Gmail, YouTube and Google+, and then at Facebook he led their Ad Units team before becoming their Global Head of Brand Design.I talked to Paul recently about the principles and practices he brought to Intercom from Facebook and Google, how and why he developed a 666 roadmap for the company, and what startups should be focusing on in this coming year. Take a listen below. If you like what you hear, check out more podcast episodes. Or subscribe to the Inside Intercom Podcast on iTunes, Stitcher or over at SoundCloud.If you’d prefer to read Paul’s insights, a lightly edited transcript of our conversation is below. Short on time? Here are seven quick takeaways from our chat.Having unlimited engineers and designers at your disposal isn’t always a good thing. When you’ve limited resources at your disposal, it forces you to focus on what’s important.Bigger teams and lengthy requirements are a surefire way to slow down product development. Small teams and shorter cycles on projects are some of the best ways to make sure you continue to build things quickly.When you’re building a product, you have to balance the day to day to day activities with the long term vision, thinking in terms of six years, six months, and six weeks.Getting the balance right between competing priorities in your product is only achieved by having a well defined roadmap, with clearly defined inputs.Most companies focus on 10% incremental improvements. Aiming for a 10x improvement, ten times better than what exists today, can help redefine the problem entirely.The experience of our mobile homescreen being a bank of app icons is dying. We’re moving towards apps as services.When planning the year ahead, it’s worth ignoring end of year predictions of what’s to come. Instead, focus on the long-term, and how you can enact your vision.Des Traynor: Today I’m joined by our VP of Product, Paul. For the benefit of our listeners who haven’t tracked your career as closely as I have, prior to Intercom you worked at Google and Facebook. You’ve worked on products like Gmail, YouTube, Google+, Google Maps, and Latitude. At Facebook, you were the product manager for Facebook’s Ad Units as the end user experience system, is that right?Paul Adams: Yeah. At the time there were about five or six product managers in the ads team at Facebook. I understand now it’s far greater than that. There was four or five PMs for the advertiser’s experience – how you create an ad with workflows, analytics, things like that. Then I was the sole PM for the ad units which were the things the end users of Facebook would experience.Des: On one hand I’m tempted to read something into the 5:1 ratio. But on the other hand, it’s actually admirable that they had anyone doing it, right?Paul: At the time, yeah. I think there isn’t much to read into the 5:1 ratio other than there’s tons of work on the advertiser’s side. There’s a lot of complex historical precedents for the types of things you need in order to run ads across networks.Des: You were effectively the good guy of the end user? You were making sure it wasn’t as bad as it should be?Paul: Depends how you think about it. The other PMs who are listening to this would say they’re good guys too. They were helping advertisers make sense of something that was complicated and new. At the time this would have been 2011 or 2012. At the time Facebook’s advertising network ecosystem, the ideas the company had for ads, were pretty radical. For advertisers it was overwhelming. Since then the team have done a phenomenally good job of making it much easier to understand. They would say they are the good guys for the advertisers.Des: Absolutely, lots of good guys  🙂. Paul: All good guys.The benefit of limited resourcesDes: Google and Facebook, some of the most popular products in the world you’ve worked on. Was there a significant difference in how a product was run between Facebook and Google?Paul: They were definitely different. It depends how you think about it. Were these deliberate differences or functions of scale? The biggest difference for me was the teams I tended to work in at Google – I worked in the UX team at Google – were really big. Big by Facebook standards and big by Intercom standards. There would have been 20-30 in teams.The vast majority of those would be engineers, there would be a couple of product managers, and maybe a couple of designers. At Facebook, the scale was just entirely different. The Ad Units team I was the product manager for had me, one designer and three engineers. At times we had four engineers.Des: Spoiled.Paul: Crazy days, yeah  🙂. We mostly had three engineers and that was somewhat deliberate. You’re somewhat starved of resources in the hope that you would focus on the most important things. In my experience, if you give a team many, many engineers, such that the ratio of product management to design to engineering isn’t right, you will get people doing things that aren’t necessarily aligned with the vision or the product plan or the roadmap. The product manager can’t stay on top of many engineers who want to do good work and want to build things. The engineers want to be efficient with their time. They’re creative and so they will go and build things that may not necessarily be positive overall.Des: You speak about a ratio there. Is that something you keep in mind? Has it got to do with how much work the PM can keep track of? Is there a golden ratio for you here?Paul: I have a ratio. People would disagree with me on this. I’ve had this debate many times with many people. I should preface this by saying it really depends on what type of problem you’re solving. Some problems are computationally heavy. At Google, for example, some of the problems in search are very computationally heavy. There’s lots of engineers who are purely working on background infrastructure or writing algorithms.Here at Intercom, the ratio we’re trying to employ is 1:1:5. One product manager, one product designer and then four to five engineers. When it gets to five engineers, PMs and designers start asking me about when they’re going to get help.The 1:1:5 product team ratioDes: Do you start thinking we need to break this team up into two sub-teams? Or does it look like an extra designer? Would you be happy to scale the whole thing up according to that ratio?Paul: Yeah. I think it depends on the type of problem or team you’ve got. At Intercom, we’re still figuring that out I think to some degree. As a product gets bigger or as you expand your horizons for what a product might cover or entail, the team can be split in two. They would have sub-challenges within a central theme. If you do that, the risk is with individual teams, you’re splitting things up. You need someone who is gluing this all together. There’s different ways this can work. Sometimes you can have a group PM type role, and then more junior product managers who are more executional in those multiple teams. That can work well if you’ve got a really good group PM, or someone who is strong at thinking strategically, horizontally and systematically.  Or you can grow the team internally. At times when I worked on Gmail, there were two PMs who, between them, figured out how things would work. It was more of a partnership.Small teams and shorter cyclesDes: Interesting. What, if anything, did you borrow or take inspiration from when you designed how Intercom built its product from Facebook or Google? Paul: I like to think I took the best of both 🙂.Des: I like to think that too 🙂.Paul: There were things at Facebook I thought were phenomenally great. Things like smaller teams for example, or shorter cycles on project development. Facebook would typically move faster and build things faster. I think a lot of that was down to how their culture worked and how their teams were structured. The culture was very oral. At the time, at least when I worked there, people didn’t write stuff down. There’s cost to that too, but if you’re sitting around each other at the same desks, you’re talking everyday, you’re there everyday. You can get a lot done without having to write all the stuff down, by using whiteboards instead.At Google, it was a bit bigger. The artifacts tended to be different. Google have this PRD process – product requirements doc – which is basically their project brief. In my experience they were long; many, many pages at times. I left Google seven years ago. I don’t know what it’s like today. As far as I understand, PRDs still exist, but I don’t know what length they tend to be written. The longer the doc, the less it gets read. The longer the doc, the less it gets remembered. For example here in our product process, I employ a strict one page rule. When I see the equivalent of a PRD, the first point of feedback I have is give me the one pager. It’s kind of a similar philosophy to Facebook. If you’re starved of resources, you’ll focus. If you’re forced to limit the brief to one page, you will get much better at describing the problem you’re solving or the opportunity coherently. I think it’s just a much better way to work.A one page Intermission document succinctly describes the problem we’re solvingDes: Did you take any inspiration from Google on how you set up the product team here?Paul: I honestly took more inspiration from the way Facebook was structured. I think you can tease out why that is. It wasn’t that things at Google were worse necessarily. I think the types of problems we are solving and the types of problems Facebook solve are similar. We’re both building communication platforms, we deal with a lot of the same types of design problems. We both have a messenger, we’re both trying to build things inside a messenger. Whereas some of the things I worked on at Google were just bigger.  The time frames were typically longer so I guess that changed how you work. If you have a bigger product, a bigger product release with a longer time frame then I guess the artifacts tend to change.Where will your product be in six years?Des: That makes sense. One cornerstone you outlined recently, of how you think about product teams, is this idea of a 666 roadmap; thinking in terms of six years, six months and six weeks. Could you talk us through what that’s about?Paul: It sounds catchy, 666 🙂. It’s proving to be incredibly useful for all our team. I learned a version of this at Facebook, and evolved it and changed it for our benefit here. When I was working at Facebook, some of the product management team talked in terms of two timelines. They talked about twenty years and six months. The idea was that twenty years was your vision. It was your vision for the future, how you thought the world would have changed in twenty years time and how you may fulfill the mission you’ve set yourself. Twenty years is way too long to be pragmatic. To make it pragmatic, realistic and actually get things built, six months was the time frame to work towards. You could build over the next six months heading for this twenty year vision. Over the course of those six months, things will change, and it was a rolling timeline. As you get three, four months in you might make plans for the next six months.At Intercom, we’re a startup. It’s different. Twenty years as a cycle for startups is probably too long. It depends what you do, but for us certainly I think twenty years is too far ahead for it to be in any way useful. Six months is pretty long as well. Six months in our life is a long time. We get a lot built, shipped and released in six months.I changed the timelines to 666 – six years, six months and six weeks. Six years is not a prediction of technologies. It’s not what you think will have happened technologically over the next six years. It’s actually how the world changed over that period of time because of what you did.In other words, if you weren’t around, if your company wasn’t around, your vision would never come to pass. The world would look different. Our six year vision is how the world will have changed because of what we did. That’s what is inspiring about it. We’re enacting the change. The change isn’t just going to happen because a bunch of people invented new technologies. Six months is then our concrete plan towards that six-year vision. Six months is a good time frame for us to think about. We’ll generally be a similar size in terms of our teams and employees over a six month period. Beyond six months I think is bad. I often say a two year timeframe is the worst. There are exceptions to this of course, like with everything. Hardware for example, things that have longer production cycles. With software, I think two years is terrible. In two years time, it’s far enough into the future that it’s not particularly visionary, but it’s also too far ahead to really have a concrete plan.Two years from today, we’ll see two new Android versions, two new iOS versions. We’ll also see potentially new hardware from both Apple and Samsung or Google. It just would look different. If we had a two-year plan two years ago, there would be no watches or any of that kind of stuff going on. It just means you get circular; it’s chaotic. I think six months is as long as you should think ahead if you’re a startup. Six weeks is just our nuts and bolts, dialed-in version of what we’re building and shipping.  If you had a six-year vision and you can map out the next six months, everyone knows where we’re headed. Six weeks is the day-to-day, step-by-step progress. The march towards that plan.The balancing act of product managementDes: It’s interesting. Six years is quite a long time. It’s long enough to think of these mammoth changes to how a task gets done or to what it is that users are trying to do. Whereas six weeks is very much incremental; let’s add bits and pieces here. How do you like your PMs to balance the idea of “I want to redefine what the product is” to “We’d better add this button”?Paul: We’ve developed a process. It’s basically a balancing act. If you try and do this in your mind, in my experience it won’t go well. You will overcompensate for some things versus others, you will forget things. It goes without saying that the job of product manager is an extremely hard one. You’ve got to keep so much stuff in your head at all levels. You’ve got to be able to think really strategically and long-term. You’ve got to be able to think really tactically on a day-to-day basis. And you’ve to deal with everything in-between – issues and bugs, latency, speed, new features, improvements, radical new things versus iterative things. The way we’ve done this is we’ve got five inputs to our road map, five explicit inputs. And we balance them.The five inputs into our product roadmap We’re extremely research driven so there’s just one input of the five that’s not research driven. That input is things we think are cool and exciting. There’s going to be no basis in research. It’s things that we just think would be interesting. Usually the reason we think it’s interesting is because we’ve read lots of blog posts about it. Des: There’s just no formal research I guess.Paul: Exactly. The research is almost done subconsciously in your brain through osmosis, and then just chatting to people. Things we believe in is one input.The second input is iterating recent product. In my experience, this is something you need to do deliberately or you just won’t. It’s so easy to ship something and forget about it. Ship something, move on; the shiny new ball syndrome. Our philosophy here is we ship to learn. We’ll ship and then we’ll figure out if it’s good or bad. Did it actually solve the problem we identified early on? We’ll set time aside to iterate.Des: The way I phrase that for people is every feature you ship comes with its own roadmap you have to manage as well. Your product might now have data visualizations, but now you have a data visualization roadmap of all the things you need to add to the data visualizations feature. I think a lot of people forget that, and they get hungover on celebrating yesterday’s shipment. Rather than thinking about today’s new feature request.Paul: Yeah, totally. That’s definitely the way I think about it as well. How good are we at removing things? I think we’re not bad. We do remove features that don’t get used. Generally speaking, I think it’s true of almost every piece of software that they get bigger. They just naturally get bigger. You build more than you take away and there’s an art to trying to add more power without adding more complexity. Which is a whole other thing. Typically people build more and so it gets more complex. You do actually inherit a whole bunch of new usage patterns that never existed before. Now there’s X number of people using this new thing we built and we need to talk to them too.Our third input is dedicated to feedback we hear from customers. This is heavily research driven, heavily qualitatively driven. Our customer support team is an incredible asset to us here. We think of our customer support team quite strategically in that regard. They’re not just there to service customers and keep them happy, though that’s clearly an important thing. They’re also there as an amazing input into our roadmap. When they’re talking to customers through Intercom, they’re talking to customers everyday. They’re tagging conversations with what team it relates to, whether it’s a usability problem, a feature request, or some area of confusion. They’re tagging all these conversations and then our product managers are synthesizing that. Our research team helps as well. Then they basically build a hit list of things that our customers need.The important part in this roadmap is that we don’t just do what customers are asking. We prioritize them based on our own vision and mission. If you have this six-year vision, it’s easy to look at a bunch of feature requests and actually decide to not do some. Our customers don’t have the same insight into what our vision is as we do, and so we often decide to not do things that are heavily requested. When we make that decision, we’ll actually then tell customers that we’ve no plans to build that thing. The other important caveat is often people, users of your product, don’t know what they need. I often say this to our team. Customers are experts in their problem. They’re not experts in the best solution. They will often describe their problem in terms of a solution, so they’ll ask you for what they think they need. What we’ll often do is get our product managers to go back to those people and start talking to them. “Hey you asked for this feature. What are you trying to do? Why did you ask for that?” They’ll actually get to the root of the problem. Multiple layers deep of investigation basically. A whole other input is customer requests. As Intercom gets bigger, as we continue to grow and grow quickly, we get bigger customers. Different types of customers that have different needs than other companies that have used Intercom historically. You have a whole track for that, a whole track for how does Intercom work on scale. Bigger companies with bigger teams, more users, it’s just different. We’ve a whole track dedicated to that. For a long time I think we got away with designing Intercom for ourselves. The companies that use Intercom are very similar to us. We’re very attuned to the problems they have. As we’ve grown, our user base has diversified. Now we need to realize that we’re not actually experts in all the problems that other companies have.The fifth input is around quality. Quality includes things like bugs, issues, performance, latency. They’re the five inputs [into our product roadmap]. The balance to this is basically making sure that we’re we’re making progress on all five.The one thing I would say in case anyone listening wants to go set a 20% rule for each of the five inputs, is we oscillate. We absolutely oscillate and that’s the right thing to do. We’ll go through a phase of building new product and then our issue count will rise. We’ll go through another phase where we’ll focus on getting that count down. We’ve had issues in the past where it oscillated too much.  Now we’ve got a way better balance. If you look at our roadmap and it’s documented, you will see that every project has one of these five inputs written beside it. Are you focusing on 10x or 10%?Des: It’s interesting the way you describe the things we believe versus working on a feature we just shipped. You can totally see the bonds between trying to come up with something that’s 10% better than what’s live versus something that’s just absolutely better. To do this stuff, the things we believe type stuff, do you encourage the PMs to have a vision of what a fundamentally better Intercom looks like?Paul: Yeah, this is really interesting. Ken Norton is a partner at Google Ventures, and he was a product manager at Google before that. He gave a talk at Mind the Product, a really great product conference if you haven’t heard of it before.Ken gave a really interesting talk at last year’s conference. The gist of it was the difference between 10x type projects or companies and 10% type projects and companies. 99% of the time people end up heading towards the 10% improvement versus the 10x improvement. The 10x is literally ten times better than what exists today. The reason for that is risk. It’s risky to go 10x because if you fail, you’ve just failed.Two projects with their expected values in yellow. Credit: Ken NortonWhereas 10% is safe. You can add 10%, get 10% better and you can have a very predictable track of work. Generally it’s hard to totally screw it up. The difference is the 10% companies are probably on some local maximum. They’re just iterating towards something that’s going to have diminishing returns over time.Whereas the 10x companies are ones that will actually disrupt the market and come up with something radically different. If you have this explicit mindset of a 10x versus a 10% when you tackle the same problem, you tackle it from the 10x point of view and you think absolutely differently about it. Totally different. All the assumptions and existing ways of working will go out the window. You’ll radically rethink ways in which it might work, challenge all assumptions and go back to first principles. We use that phrase at Intercom, go back to first principles. It means tearing away all the existing constraints for how things actually work and starting from scratch. Getting to the root of a problem and then working from there.Des: What’s an example of this? When you think about it in terms of Intercom. What’s an area we see 10% things and 10x things?Paul: One example is Colin Bentley, our product manager for our Engage product. Colin’s done some really good 10% improvements recently. A few months ago we launched a feature called delivery windows. Before, when you sent a message via Intercom, it sent whenever the criteria matched a user. A user has done X or Y, the message got sent and they got it straightaway. A 10% improvement there is a delivery window that doesn’t send on Saturdays or Sundays. Or doesn’t send at 2am in the person’s local timezone. They’re simple, little, incremental 10% improvement. But Colin is not only thinking about that, he’s thinking about a 10x improvement. What’s a 10x improvement for a better way for a company to send messages to users? Then you start thinking about radically different things.You don’t start thinking about a delivery window setting on a message that turns off Saturdays. You start thinking about artificial intelligence and machine learning. Could we take inspiration from things like ‘if this then that’? Could we actually write algorithms to figure out when to send that message? A 10x improvement would be we’ve built algorithms, we’ve used AI, we have a machine learning ecosystem. It just works by magic and you should trust us. That’s 10x.  Colin, again our product manager for this area, is doing some 10% improvements but he should be also thinking, and is thinking, 10x. 10x is where the real value lies in the longer term you know? At Intercom we see ourselves very much as a long-term company. We plan to be around for a long, long time, and so 10x is critical to our future.The end of apps as we know themDes: Changing tack a bit, a year ago you wrote a piece which caused a little bit of uproar where you said it is the end of apps as we know them. I think a lot of people missed the second clause there. That was about a year ago. It’s interesting to look back at it and ask how far do you think we’ve come along this way?Paul: It is fascinating actually, it’s a fascinating question. I had to write a second, follow-up blog post called it’s not the end of apps.Des: That was an awkward day on the index page of the blog 🙂.Paul: It was an argument that, at some level we have reached bankruptcy in terms of apps. This idea was that that these apps on our home screen, apps nested in folders of apps, is crazy. It’s not a good experience. Nobody, from the start of the iPhone looking forward or in 2020 looking back, nobody would be proud of this outcome.That’s not a sustainable model. All of the ecosystem has been built up around this. The cottage industry, if you like, around the app store is all optimized for getting that download, getting that button on your screen. What I was positing at the time was this will change. I was looking at the evolution of the notifications panel on phones. Notifications are starting to become much richer in terms of the content that’s being delivered, much more interactive. The older model was that notifications were signposts.You’d get a notification that’s deep linking you into that app. The notification does nothing. Whereas these newer notifications, the newest version of Android at the time, you could actually retweet something from the notifications panel. Or you could reply to something. That’s directionally the future more so than apps.I actually referenced Google Now a lot. I thought Google Now was a great model for this. Potentially I would imagine, this is total speculation, but that Google Now and the notifications panel in Android would merge. They’re effectively trying to do the same thing. The notifications panel will suffer from volume at some point so they need to rank it. Google Now is trying to do that, bring information to you before you know you need it, by knowing what you like etc.The idea I was expecting was Google Now would evolve really fast. I thought my experience of Google Now would be that it would full of third party apps, full of third party content. I thought I’d be replying, texting, writing and taking actions, with many app workflows in each Google Now card. That’s what I thought would happen. I thought at the Google I/O just gone, we’d see that. I thought we would see some radical step change in how Google Now works. That didn’t happen, I’ve no idea why. Google Now has improved in a whole bunch of different ways but it’s just been slower than I thought. On the other side though, things happened I had no idea were going to happen at all, but are directionally supporting this idea that apps and the app icon are coming to an end. Or changing at least.An entire Uber workflow embedded within Foursquare Ken NortonWhat you’re starting to see is apps integrating with other apps. Today for example if I open Foursquare, I can call an Uber from Foursquare. The way it works is this little SDK and Uber is basically embedded in Foursquare. You might not have Uber, but you have Foursquare. You tap Uber in Foursquare, and Foursquare they have enough context and data to actually order you an Uber. This to me is a glimpse into the future. There’s a few interesting things you can pull out of that. One is you’re thinking about services and not apps. At this point, Uber isn’t an app. Not in the traditional sense. They probably don’t give a monkeys at this point if the app is downloaded. They care if an Uber gets ordered. Foursquare users could keep ordering Ubers in Foursquare and never download the Uber app. And Uber probably doesn’t care.Des: It’s interesting thinking will change engagement metrics and thoughts around is my product doing well? Even that question isn’t relevant in that world.Paul: Absolutely. This is a relic of the powers at play and the ecosystem that exists. App owners typically obsess about app store reviews and that’s all to do with further downloads. Rather than try to get you to use it more, they actually optimize to get your friend to download it. Now we’ve seen that the app store is filled with millions of apps, with hundreds of thousands of users, and close to zero engagement. There’s lots of statistics on this. I think the average person uses eighteen apps a week and they have way more than that on their phone. They have like fifty to a hundred apps on their phone.Des: One thing that stands out for me there is the idea that Uber, in that example, exists in another app’s context. If you know what I mean? Foursquare’s bringing something to the party. It’s saying, “Here’s where you are are. Here’s where you want to go.” Uber is living inside that. You think that model of apps borrowing context from each other is going to be the new way? It used to be people talked about it as being deep linking or whatever. How do you string apps together or whatever. This is actually a deeper than that right? This is how do you make the functionality of an app live inside another app?Paul: Yeah, totally. I guess websites, the original structure of HTML, is a good example. All links did was point you to another place, like a signpost in the road. It’s like there’s a fork in the road and you can take one road, or you can take the other. The signpost has no opinion about which road you take. It doesn’t even know where you want to go. Deep linking suffers a little bit from that. It’s trying to replicate links and signposts whn the deeper integration is way more interesting. Take Button, for example. What Button do is basically provide buttons [within apps]. They provide that Uber button in Foursquare, for example. What Button actually do really is much more of a back-end service.I’m not entirely sure the technologies of this, but basically they have SDKs. In theory Uber can give Button a bunch of context and Button can pass that on to Foursquare. Whole workflows could be developed here. If you order an Uber in Foursquare it actually lets you choose the car. Suddenly now parts of the Uber workflows are inside Foursquare. You can extend that then to context. Suddenly the Foursquare experience of Uber could be totally personalized based on your usage of Uber elsewhere. That’s fascinating.Des: This idea, this is akin to what Fred Wilson wrote when he was talking about contextual run times right?Paul: Yeah. There’s been great reading towards the end of the year. Benedict Evans wrote a fantastic post called 16 Mobile Theses which is just sixteen things that are happening in mobile. Some more speculative than others. Then Fred Wilson wrote a follow-up post [in response], as one of Ben’s theses was that there’s going to be a new runtime. The app store model that exists is not sustainable. You can look to Asia for a lot of this; a lot of this is already built inside WeChat. WeChat is an entire ecosystem of services and apps running inside WeChat. If you open Maps in We Chat, for example, you can order a taxi from the map. They’re not really apps anymore, their services. There’s now a new runtime. They’re running in another environment; that could be a platform or it could be a different app. Like a Maps app, who knows?Fred’s point was that it will just be entirely dependent on context. The context of what you’re currently doing will inform the types of new services you get. Of course we might get this wrong, such that the service you actually want isn’t being provided in that runtime. It’s being provided in some other run time. They probably do all sorts of stupid things like shopping and geo-targeting. I think again the world of advertising might get this terribly wrong before they get it right. It will be really interesting to see how this evolves.The real impact of long term thinkingDes: For sure, it’s a really interesting trend. I think the thing I like most about it is it provides these clean break points in workflows. If you know the next logical step is to book a restaurant, you now have a way to facilitate that within your product. Whereas before, it’s just like well off you go. Some other product now takes over. It’s interesting. As startups look towards 2016, what should they think about in terms of their product teams for the year that lies ahead?Paul: What I try to avoid, and my advice to other people is to avoid getting wrapped up in all these ad-hoc lists. Top ten new technologies in 2016. Ten things to watch out from Apple in 2016. Unless there’s some really good analysis and insight by a really good writer, they’re a waste of space 🙂.Instead, I’d go back to what we we talked about earlier, the 666 vision, or along that kind of general timeframe. If you have this longer term vision, the change you want to enact in the world, then that helps you get away from all these technologies of 2016. Virtual reality will come up, as Oculus is going to launch to the public early next year. But we didn’t know what would happen with iPad or iPhone and this is going to be similar. Putting in place some product strategy, putting in place some six-month roadmap around VR is probably not smart unless you work in gaming or something that’s clearly going to be disrupted by this idea.Having that six-year vision is way more important. My advice to people as we go into 2016 is actually to think much more long term. Des: Cool. I think we should probably leave it there and go back to work 🙂. Paul, thank you very much.Paul: Cool, thanks for having me.      0 Comments Hide Comments           Related Articles                  Podcast      Intercom’s Karen Church on product analytics    Shipping product is a milestone, but it’s also the beginning of a longer process, the point when the…        Geoffrey Keating                   Podcast Startups      Jason Calacanis on how to attract angel investors    Jason Calacanis is one of the most successful angel investors in Silicon Valley. He was one of the…        Des Traynor                   Podcast Product Management      Box’s Jeetu Patel on becoming a platform company    What do all software products with dominate market share have in common? As Box SVP of Platform and…        Adam Risman                                   Connecticut Attorney Paul N. Jaber | Collins Hannafin, P.C.                Main Navigation HomeFirm OverviewAttorney Profiles Francis J. Collins Edward J. Hannafin Thomas W. Beecher John J. Bowser Gregg A. Brauneisen Eva M. DeFranco Jack D. Garamella Laura A. Goldstein Paul N. Jaber Christopher K. Leonard Robert M. Opotzner E. O’Malley Smith Paula Boa Sousa John Joseph TuozzoloPractice AreasFAQs Automobile Insurance – FAQs Collaborative Law – FAQs Condominiums – FAQs Creditor’s Rights and Collections – FAQ Divorce – FAQs Foreclosure – FAQs Real Estate – FAQs Taxation – FAQs Wills and Trusts – FAQs Worker’s Compensation – FAQPublicationsNews & EventsContact Us         148 Deer Hill Avenue,  Danbury, Connecticut 06810           Search:                        Call to speak with an attorney at Collins Hannafin, P.C  203-885-1938   Call to speak with an attorney at Collins Hannafin, P.C 203-885-1938             Business & Commercial Law Business & Commercial Litigation Family Law Child Custody and Visitation Collaborative Divorce Divorce High-Net-Worth Divorce Division of Marital Property Divorce MediationCommercial Real Estate Land Use & Real Estate Development Land Use Litigation Leasing Residential Real Estate Common Interest Ownership and Condominiums Creditors’ Rights and Collections Criminal Law Education LawSecurities Elder Law Employment Law Employee Rights Estate Planning Trust & Estate Administration Foreclosure Healthcare Law Personal Injury and Workers’ Compensation Taxation and Tax Planning         Home / Attorney Profiles / Paul N. Jaber                Paul N. Jaber Member 203.744.2150 (Ext. 3304) phone 203-797-1034 fax     Email Paul N. Jaber ›PAUL N. JABER practices in the areas of Real Estate, Commercial, and Zoning matters. He frequently practices before Danbury area land use boards.For several years, Mr. Jaber was zoning counsel to the City of Danbury and formerly served as secretary of the Danbury Board of Education and a director/secretary of the Greater Danbury Chamber of Commerce. He served as chairman of the Charter Revision Commission of the City of Danbury. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of NewMil Bank and former chairman of the Board of Directors of Nutmeg Federal Savings & Loan Association. Mr. Jaber is a member of the Connecticut and Danbury Bar Associations, and is a member of the Real Property Executive Committee of the Connecticut Bar Association.Mr. Jaber resides in Ridgefield with his wife. They have two adult sons.Professional associations and memberships:Connecticut Bar Association, Real Property Section Member, Executive CommitteeDanbury Board of Education Former SecretaryGreater Danbury Chamber of Commerce Director, SecretaryCharter Revision Commission of the City of Danbury ChairmanNewMil Bank Former Member, Board of DirectorsNutmeg Federal Savings & Loan Association Former Chairman, Board of DirectorsConnecticut Bar Association MemberDanbury Bar Association MemberCollins Hannafin, P.C., has provided quality legal services to clients in the Greater Danbury area for over 50 years. We serve business and individual clients from Bethel, Bridgewater, Brookfield, Danbury, New Fairfield, New Milford, Newtown, Ridgefield, Redding, Sherman, and Southbury.     Areas of practice Real Estate Corporate and Commercial Transactions Commercial Zoning MattersBar admissions Connecticut, 1968 U.S. District Court District of Connecticut, 1973Education University of Connecticut School of Law, Hartford, Connecticut, 1968, J.D. Mount St. Mary's College, 1965         X Contact Form We will respond to your inquiry in a timely fashion. Thank you.   Quick Contact Form   Name*Email*  Phone*Message*                          


Paul Saber's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up Paul Saber#89770@paul_saberCEO, eTobb Inc.eTobb.com71Following56FollowersFollow11 UpvotesHeadoutGreat travel experiences on demand iPhone+ 4 save 233 36PaykindTransparent, easy and trackable mobile payments for aidTech save 101 11He TextedDating and relationship advice for young womenTech save 98 19BlinqSocial updates delivered inside your messaging appsiPhone+ 4 save 244 20ProSkyHands on training for high-demand digital job skillsTech+ 3 save 239 14CoinpipA better way to pay remote and international employeesNomad Lifestyle+ 3 save 186 19Doughbies On-DemandFresh chocolate chip cookies delivered in 20 minutes or lessSafari Extensions+ 5 save 266 27MountaryOn-demand framing and amazing DIY frame kitsHome+ 1 save 190 20StudypoolA marketplace for on-demand tutoringTech+ 2 save 114 11FeeshehThe go to destination for Arab musiciansTech save 29 2Silkroad images	library of exclusive Middle Eastern digital contentTech save 51 1Share this profile







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017


    Talking trends in product with Intercom's Paul Adams and Emmet Connolly - Inside Intercom             More about Intercom                        Solutions Website Live Chat Onboarding & Retention Customer Support  The Intercom Platform Free View Pricing   Features In-App Messaging Team Inbox Knowledge Base Intercom for Mobile Integrations iOS & Android Apps   Resources Watch a Demo Docs Developers Events Status Security Books   Company About Customers Careers Press Resources Contact Us     Terms Privacy team@intercom.com                     Subscribe   You’re all set. You already get our newsletter. Almost there – we’ve sent you an email to confirm your subscription.          Talking trends in product with Intercom’s Paul Adams and Emmet Connolly             Categories     Subscribe    You’re all set. You already get our newsletter. Almost there – we’ve sent you an email to confirm your subscription.     About Intercom Careers Meet the authors                         Podcast |  Talking trends in product with Intercom’s Paul Adams and Emmet Connolly          Subscribe          Des Traynor ,Co-founder & Chief Strategy Officer, Intercom   @destraynor    As we turn the page to 2017, we’ve been thinking a lot about the buzzwords and trends of the past year.Things like chatbots, voice UI, conversational commerce, machine learning, moving from screens to systems – all were discussed and debated anywhere and everywhere, including our own blog. We at Intercom also had a handful of massive launches in 2016, including Smart Campaigns, a new Messenger and Educate, our knowledge base product, and that has us reflecting on a year’s worth of lessons learned.To make sense of the past year and dig into where product and design are headed next, I hosted a roundtable discussion with Paul Adams, our VP of Product, and Emmet Connolly, our Director of Product Design.If you like what you hear, check out more episodes of our podcast. You can subscribe on iTunes or grab the RSS feed.What follows is a lightly edited transcript of the interview, but if you’re short on time, here are five key takeaways:Given today’s technology, chatbots are best left to handling computation. Things that require empathy or emotion, on the other hand, are still better handled by a human.From Airbnb’s launch of Trips to Instagram’s addition of Stories, products built as systems rather than a set of screens became more prevalent in the past year. As new uses are demanded for your product, your system will have to expand.Breakthrough products target existing behaviors, rather than asking users to break from the norm. 2016 featured two prime examples of the former: Snapchat Spectacles and Tesla’s solar tiles.Product teams must make a philosophical shift after they launch a product. As the team enters iteration, every previous decision is back on the table.Defining conversational commerce as sending texts to a bot is simply too narrow. Product builders must expand that view and look at their product as an ecosystem with many endpoints – and messaging is just one of them.Des Traynor: Today I’m lucky to be joined by Paul Adams, our VP of Product, and Emmet Connolly, our Director of Product Design. 2016 was marked in a lot of ways by bots. We had our own opinions, and we had our own experiments, as did the entire industry. Is the future of product design really gonna sit inside a chat bubble?Paul Adams: Both Emmet and I wrote a lot of blog posts about bots over the year, and we built a lot of bots too. Some of them saw the light of day, some didn’t. We learned that bots are overhyped. For very human things like empathy and emotion, bots are terrible.What we didn’t realize is that bots do work for a very specific set of use cases that are probably narrower than people first imagined. There was a crazy AI vision of the future, where bots are as intelligent as humans, and our biggest realization was that bots are good at some things, and humans are good at other things. Bots are really good at computation. Bots are basically simple computers, so if you need to ask somebody what your next bill was gonna be, a bot can calculate that far faster than a human, who’d have to look up the system, find your account, look at the UI and find the number. For very human things like empathy, emotion and reading between the lines of what someone’s actually trying to say, bots are terrible at that, given today’s technology.Des: Emmet, from a design perspective, it sounds like you’d have to spend half your time dealing with whether or not the bot knows the answer. In the majority of cases the bot’s probably not going do a good job, right?Emmet Connolly: We have a system whereby a human or a bot could answer your question, and so it becomes more of a rooting problem than a problem of, “What do I do in this failure case where the bot doesn’t know the answer?” If the bot doesn’t know an answer, or can’t provide a great one, then the human should provide the answer.Paul and Emmet’s teams designed Educate, Intercom’s new knowledge base product, for bots to supplement a human customer support where appropriate.A lot of the pitfalls we saw this year were use cases where people building these bots were over-promising what they could deliver. The technology for an English-language level conversation really isn’t there yet, and that has plunged us into this trough of disillusionment. That’s also a good place to be, because it means that we’re getting real about what’s actually possible. If 2016 was the year of hype around this, we could actually see a lot of real life, useful tools and products emerge in the next year.Des: It’s really convenient, the way these things pick whole years in which they’re going to experience these iterations. We see bots that pretend to be humans, like, “Hi, I’m Barry the airline bot, how can I book you a flight.” And then you see bots that are blatantly bots, like, “I’m the little operator bot, and I’m going to point you in the right direction.” You said the idea of trying to humanize these bots isn’t something that we want to do at Intercom, but what’s the general thinking there?The degree to which you personify the bot evokes a very different reaction in the end user.Emmet: Our thinking has actually evolved a lot as we’ve tried out a lot of the experiments that Paul mentioned. Initially the thing that seemed most obvious to me was, “Hey, these are friendly little robots that can interact in your conversation. Let’s make them be tiny Pixar characters.” That’s not what resonated with the users that we put our early bot iterations in front of. The nuance of tweaking a little bit of the language or the degree to which you personify the bot evokes a very different reaction in the end user. Some of our early experiments had people saying, “Hey, I’m ‘bot name’, I’m not a real person, but I have a character.” People didn’t like that at all, because hey felt slightly duped by it. They thought they were here to talk to a person. If you can insert a level of automation and, “Hey, I am an automated bot that’s here to speed up the process,” then people can see the value in that, and it doesn’t feel like a bit of a bait and switch.Des: We had a command line once upon a time, “Write in the exact word and you’ll get the exact answer.” Do you think people’s behavior changes when they know they’re talking to a bot? Do they still continue the formalities and the civility and the, “Hey, I’m curious about…”, or is it just like, “Flights please”?Paul: For me, this thing is a scale. At one end of the scale is a command line interface, where it’s clear that you’re talking to a computer. People don’t actually, in many cases, turn around and ask themselves, “What is a bot?” There’s no actual common definition. We, in one of our blog posts, said that a bot is a simple computer program that executes, and then to Emmet’s point, you can give it a face, you can give it a name, and you can make it more or less human-like.If the command line interface is one end of the scale, at the opposite end is what Facebook was trying to do, whereby you didn’t know if you’re talking to a person or a bot, and clearly there somewhere is the uncanny valley. We didn’t get close to the uncanny valley. We were far down the path of this is clearly a computer program. The minute it started pretending it was anything other than a computer, people reacted very negatively to it.Bots are most effective today when users know exactly what they’re interacting with.Des: So it comes down to honesty and transparency?Emmet: Partially. I also think part of the 2016 exuberance from bots was around this sense of, “Check out this very simple use case that I made up, screen-shot, and put in my blog post,” and people with a sense for product said, “Wow, that does seem like a real new simple way of doing things.” Then when you try and actually build these things, you realize that typing human, English-language sentences to a robot isn’t how you want to interact with a robot.If you give people a blank input field, it leaves a lot of room for the person to be rude to the robot or type pseudo-commands or friendly questions to them. There’s an evolution of the input on the end user’s side that isn’t quite so English-language based. Maybe some of that standardizes around how you might be given a set of pre-canned responses that you can send to the bot, which is faster than typing a whole sentence. It’s easier because you actually know what you can say to the bot, which is another problem these blank input fields provide. If I’m right about that, it’s possible that that question of, “What should your tone be when interacting with a bot?” would go away.Des: If you follow that thread all the way, it’s hard to see how that doesn’t start to look like buttons that you click. It starts to look like UI.Emmet: The most salient characteristic of conversational UI is not necessarily that you’re typing raw text in at the bottom of the screen, it’s that you have this back and forth log of commands. It goes back and forth, and there’s more ways of sending a command to the computer than typing it into the input field at the bottom.Des: And maybe there’s not a predetermined order the command should be received in, and they would be in a form or something similar.Paul: Right, and to play at both sides there, there’s also more ways than having this nice grid layout on a screen, with a left-hand nav and a button at the bottom, and all the other common ways in which we’ve come to expect products to work.The rise of systemsDes: Paul, you spoke a lot this year about the idea that products should be thought of as systems rather than just a set of screens. How has that played out a lot in 2016? Have you seen a lot of new systems emerge?Paul: Most people building software are actually building and designing systems already – they just may not necessarily realize it. Systems are these broad networks of things that are related and connected. Uber is a simple example. Uber is certainly not a software company and certainly not an app company. Uber is this ecosystem of drivers, passengers, inventory, all sorts of things. Over time as that system emerged and evolved, Uber added things like surge pricing. Other parts of the system like price and availability and even where people drive – the whole thing changes. You change one piece of the system, and other the pieces of the system change.One example from this year that I use is Nike+. Their app was totally redesigned this year. It used to be called Nike+ Running. The redesign is now called Nike+ Run Club. That’s a sort of branding distinction. It’s like, “Oh, it’s a club. There’s other people. Oh, it’s a system. All right. There are connected things happening in here.” If you go into the Nike+ Run Club app now, you can go on runs, track your mileage, all the normal stuff that running apps have. But they’ve paid a lot more attention to the system of runners – runs with other people, meetups in different cities, your running shoes. Nike+ had a lot of these components but they’ve certainly doubled down on an idea that this is actually a broad ecosystem far beyond the app. The app is a conduit to other things happening in real life.Des: What about from the design perspective, Emmet? Have you seen any new things emerge in this regard?Emmet: Airbnb went through a similar transformation this year. The objects or actors in that system used to be things like guests and hosts and housing accommodation. Now they’ve added Trips, very much broadening their scope. One would assume they’ve had to evolve their underlying system to cater for these new things that they’ve added. That suggests to me that the system will tend to expand as new uses are demanded.If you looked at the Instagram app earlier this year, the big button in the bottom middle would open your camera and you would post that to your stream. Now they’ve added Stories and almost flipped what they’re about. Now the button at the bottom is to upload a photo you’ve taken before. That’s your curated feed. Honestly, it’s probably what Instagram was always about.Snapchat is the possibly unfair, hard to avoid comparison when you look at how Instagram has evolved their system. Snapchat in itself is an interesting example, because they came from a very chaotic place earlier in the year and they seem to be rationalizing a lot of concepts. You could say that Instagram and Snapchat are meeting in the middle having come from very opposite places.Targeting existing behaviorsDes: Instagram started with a very clean system. It was very obvious you had your own stream and other people’s streams, and that was it. Snapchat started from, frankly, who knows where. It was the most aggressive disrespect of systemic standards of software. I heard it argued a while ago that Snapchat’s an unconventional UI was actually part of it’s genius – it made the product somewhat viral because everyone had to teach each other how to use Snapchat.Snapchat themselves have had a interesting year. Aside from blowing up, they also released hardware for the first time. They took a really different approach from the likes of Apple, who are trying to get people to either replace or start wearing a watch, or Google Glass, who are trying to get people who don’t wear glasses to wear glasses. Google actually had nothing to offer people who did wear glasses, which left them in a difficult situation. Snapchat said, “Screw all that. Let’s just sell some sunglasses.” To me, that approach lines up, because they’re targeting an existing behavior, sunglasses, with a better product. That is usually how good products happen. How do you see it?Paul: My take is pretty simple. These products are attempts at major breakthroughs for how people live and act, and the ones that are successful don’t necessarily try to change people’s behavior. They understand how people behave, act and think, and the new thing that emerges is congruent with that.This idea of building bridges to the future was very prevalent when I was at Google. Things like Google Glass and Google Wave, these were products that didn’t really build bridges to the future. They were so different and forced people to act in totally new ways. People just didn’t know what to do with them. Whereas Snapchat’s glasses are sunglasses and that’s it. They’re sunglasses with a camera, and people wear sunglasses.If you actually watch the launch video for Snapchat’s glasses (above), it’s not people flying around on skateboards. It’s literally a shot of normal life except they’ve different sunglasses on. Google Glass’s video had all this augmented reality. It was like a science fiction movie. It’s obvious to me that the winners are the ones who don’t try to radically alter society from the get-go.Des: The bridge is the right concept for that. Snapchat could roll out a next version with a screen inside the lens that lets you see filters applied, but obviously they have to get there.Paul: Look at the development of the horse to the car. The very first things that emerged were basically horseless carriages. You can actually see a step by step progression.The winners are the ones who don’t try to radically alter society from the get-go.Fast-forward to today and look at Tesla. The Tesla car doesn’t need to look like a car. It doesn’t have to have an engine at the front. The chassis is the mechanics of the car, but it still has something that looks like an engine and something that looks like a trunk. That’s because people need this bridge. They’re not going to buy a Tesla if it looks radically different to a car.Emmet: I wonder if this bridge to the future concept is especially true for consumer products, where no one wants to seem like a weirdo on a pseudo-futuristic thing. The car is an interesting example. If you think about a thing that’s likely to somehow achieve mass adoption at some stage over the next ‘x’ years, it’s self-driving cars. There will be a gradual acceptance of the general public to self-driving cars and your willingness to take your hands literally off the wheel and trust the computer, because that’s a consumer use case.If you think about self-driving trucks, fundamentally the same product, I would anticipate there will be an almost overnight switch as soon as it becomes possible from a regulation point of view, mostly from a bottom-line finances. Some CFO of a massive company is going to make the switch overnight to self-driving trucks, and likely the entire industry will follow within a very short amount of time.Shifting from product launch to iterationDes: You both spent a lot of the year working on our new Educate product, which is Intercom’s take on a knowledge base. The product’s launched, and we’re in a different mode. What happens after launch for a team?Paul: It’s been fascinating because the mode the team needs to work on almost the minute after the product launches is different to the one that they had before launch. This happens overnight. In the lead up to launch, design decisions are antagonized over for a long period of time, but they’re at some point locked down. It was like, “Do not open this conversation again. Do not increase the scope of this thing. Narrow, narrow, narrow, narrow. Get down to the hit list. Knock it off. Knock it off. Knock it off. No opening up of old things.”The minute we launched, suddenly, that all goes away and everything’s on the table again. It’s the nature of all software that when you launch something, you’ve got loads of stuff wrong. Loads. Even if you’ve run a great beta. Suddenly, every single decision you made is up for debate again. It’s very hard to suddenly accept that we might change it all and do it all a different way and iterate.A sign of a great product team is not what they ship in their version 1.0. It’s version 1.1.Emmet: There’s almost a tendency to become more conservative. You’re thinking, “We got it working. We finally got past the finish line,” and now some people are using it and liking it. You have to be extremely brave at that point and say, “There’s a huge amount of input and information that we didn’t have before.” A sign of a great product team is not necessarily what they ship in their version 1.0. It’s that version 1.1. That’s when you really see how great a product team operates and thinks, how agile can they be in adapting to the new world where the rubber hits the road and their product is out there and they’re getting feedback.Paul: Instagram impressed me in its early years because of it’s simplicity. I was at Facebook when Instagram was acquired and the Instagram team was incredibly disciplined. There was pressure from all over the industry to add this or that, especially the minute Facebook acquired Instagram. “Why doesn’t Instagram have this feature if Facebook does and Facebook knows it works. They should just add it.” The team was incredibly disciplined to keep Instagram really simple.A lot of Instagram’s success in the early years was because it was so accessible and simple to understand, and they stuck to this core use case. Credit to them as Snapchat has moved the industry on. They’ve been able to adapt and that is the sign of a great team, a team that can change.Des: They both represent proof that you do not need a large product footprint to have insane engagement. They’re both relatively small product footprints. They have managed to get stronger, better, more engaging and more addictive without actually adding 15 more screens or 25 more workflows, which is stock B2B SaaS philosophy.What’s to come in 2017Des: We’re going to do a lightning round, so short answers here. Voice as a user interface, will it be relevant in 2017?Paul: Absolutely. Huge.Emmet: No doubt.Des: Relevant in B2B as well?Emmet: Too early to say.Des: Conversational commerce – overhyped, absolute bullshit, very meaningful?Paul: Not overhyped, definitely a big deal, and probably has a bad name.Des: Conversational commerce is way too broad.Emmet: It still holds great promise for very specific use cases, but if you expect that all of commerce will move into your messenger you’re probably sorely mistaken.Des: Virtual reality – will it be relevant in B2B and B2C in 2017Emmet: Too early. I’s time has come for gaming and that’ll be exciting to see what the possibilities are. It doesn’t feel like all the pieces are there yet.Des: Worst trend in product design today?Emmet: The silver bullet mentality, whether it’s conversational commerce today, bots throughout this year or shiny buttons fifteen years ago. There’s always something and you’ve got to consider whether it’s a trend or an actual new building block.Paul: AI. No one actually can define agreeably what AI even is. When most people say AI they mean if, then, this, that statements. Just take some humble pie and agree that we’re not there yet.Des: What was your favorite new product of 2016 and why?Emmet: I have a very un-sexy answer for this – the Belkin WeMo light switch, which has removed this very small but noticeable friction from my every night of shutting off all of the lamps around the room. At Google there used to be this concept of, does a product pass the toothbrush test? Would you use it at least a couple of times a day? This removes a very tiny thing but if you can make a tiny improvement a couple of times a day in every day of your life, that’s decent. I will say that from a product point of view it’s still a total mess. There’s actually no system behind how home automation works to really tie it together so you have to Sellotape all the bits together.Paul: One of the most ingenious, amazing inventions of the past year was Tesla’s roof tiles. Don’t put these big panels on your house, just make tiles that do that instead. It harks back to the idea of building a bridge to the future. [Would you rather] put this foreign looking sci-fi object on your roof, or just swap out your tiles?Tesla’s roof tiles give users a solar option without requiring a radical change in behavior.Emmet: If you want to consider a system of interacting elements, the ultimate example must be Elon Musk’s zoomed-out plan where one of the things he needs to put in place to get humanity to Mars is better roof tiles. Like who would have thought, right? But all of these interlocking strategies of these companies fit together to meet his ultimate goal.Des: I’m going to bring it back way down to Earth and say my favorite product of 2016 has been Bear, the note-taking app. Biggest lesson you’ve learned about product building in the past year?Paul: We’re a company that has valued getting value out to customers as fast as possible, scoping small. But we did three big projects this year. Each, at the time, was actually the biggest projects in our history. Our Smart Campaigns launch in May, our new Messenger in August, and then Educate, in December. I learned that you shouldn’t do three big projects all at the same time because it’s just really hard.Emmet: I would agree, specific to our own experience doing those three big projects in the year. But when you’re taking on that amount of work you have to figure out where and when to sweat the details. If you’re going to obsess over every tiny thing then you’re going to get almost nowhere. It’s another one of those art versus science things – there’s no hard and fast rules but you get a better sense over time. We taught ourselves that lesson of when to make that trade off many times this year. When to let go and live with it for now versus when to make sure that you polish the hell out of one specific thing.Des: Lastly, what do you think will be most relevant in product design and product creation in the year ahead?Paul: As much as we’ve criticized bots in this chat, I do think that in 2017, we will see really, really useful applications of … I’ll say bots, but really it’s automation. Simple automation via conversational interfaces is one way to describe it. I think we’ll see real applications of these things, situations where computers are better than humans at doing things people need them to do and I think we’ll see a really quick maturation of the use cases for these bots shine.Emmet: Defining conversational commerce as sending texts to a bot is a bit narrow. Broaden it slightly and think “I’ve got a service, and there are many, many endpoints, whether it’s an Amazon Echo, a voice UI, or Facebook Messenger.” It’s system-level thinking. When is the appropriate place to surface my functionality to someone? Do they want to speak, or type, or do something else that’s most efficient or comfortable for them? Think about your product as more of an ecosystem with many endpoints; it could surface in many places and not just in messenger.Paul: The interesting thing is it reduces the idea of UI’s, wireframes, and screens to being like a window into a system. That window will change over time, as will watch interfaces, voice interfaces and bot interfaces. Product folks should be thinking about systems. Not just because it’s cleaner, but because it’s the best way to have sustainability.Emmet: Things like the taxonomy of the site and thinking about this as a structured entity are really important. As an industry, a lot of the attention in the past ten years or so as we became very mobile-centric went to one of screens, and a small number of screens, and unbundling functionality into very small apps. I think we’re moving a bit back. Not back to where we came from, but a lot of those skills that served us well when we thought about things like information architecture and products as abstract things will serve people well in this new world.Paul: X.AI is a really interesting startup. Their main interface is email. Then there’s Magic, and their main interface is SMS. We were in a period where the mobile screen was the dominant pattern that everything else emulated from, and we’re fast moving beyond that. Echo and Alexa, these things are taking off. Our world is going to look quite different this time next year.Des: That’s technology for you. Thanks very much folks and thanks everyone for listening.      0 Comments Hide Comments           Related Articles                  Podcast      Intercom’s Karen Church on product analytics    Shipping product is a milestone, but it’s also the beginning of a longer process, the point when the…        Geoffrey Keating                   Podcast Startups      Jason Calacanis on how to attract angel investors    Jason Calacanis is one of the most successful angel investors in Silicon Valley. He was one of the…        Des Traynor                   Podcast Product Management      Box’s Jeetu Patel on becoming a platform company    What do all software products with dominate market share have in common? As Box SVP of Platform and…        Adam Risman                              ﻿

In-store Products - Paul's Photo

























































Blog 

concierge service

Rentals

About Us 

 Contact Us 

(310) 375-7014









Welcome back  . Sign out


Sign in





















 
















 













CAMERAS



Brands

Nikon
Fujifilm
GoPro





Canon
Olympus
Panasonic





Leica
Sony
V360





Categories

Compact Cameras
Mirrorless
Digital SLR's







Lenses



Brands

Canon
Fujifilm
Leica
Nikon





Olympus
Panasonic
Sony
Sigma
Rokinnon/Samyang





LensBaby
Tamron
Zeiss





Categories

Nikon Mounts
Fujifilm Mounts
Leica Mounts
Micro Four Thirds Mount





Canon Mounts
Sony Mounts







Lighting



Brands

Canon
Fujifilm
Nikon
Olympus





Panasonic
PocketWizard
Sekonic
Sony
Westcott





Promaster
Manfrotto
Lastolite
Savage





Categories

Exposure & White Balance Cards
Flashes | Speedlites
Light Stands
Light Meters
Remotes & Triggers





Softboxes & Reflectors
Studio Lighting







Video



Brands

Nikon
Canon
GoPro
Hoodman





Panasonic
Rode
Samsung





Sennheiser
Sony
DJI





Categories

Action Cameras
DSLR Video Cameras
HDSLR Rigs





Microphones
Video Cameras
Drones







Bags & Cases



Brands

Lowepro
Pelican
Tamrac
ThinkTank





SKB
ProMaster
Canon
Nikon





Categories

Backpacks & Sling Bags
Hard Cases
Holster Bags
Laptop Bags
Lens Changer





Memory Card Cases
Mirrorless Camera Cases
Rain Covers
Roller Bags
Shoulder & Messenger Bags







Tripods



Brands

Induro
Benro
MeFoto
Gitzo





Manfrotto
ProMaster





Categories

Aluminium Tripod Kits
Aluminium Tripods
Ball Heads
Carbon Fibre Tripod Kits
Carbon Fibre Tripods





Geared Heads
Monopods
Tripod Bags
Video Fluid Heads
Video Tripod Kits







Accesories



The Lab



Methods

Order Online
In-Store Kiosk
Over the Counter











Products

Prints
Acrylic
Canvas
Digital Wall Coverings
Display Printing





Fine Art
Framing
Laminating & Mounting
Metal Printing
Personalised Cards





Photobooks
Presentation
Wedding







Services


Services

Concierge Service
Film Processing
Rentals
Retouching & Photo Editing
Photo Restoration





Printing
Video Transfer
Art Reproduction





Camera Cleaning
Sensor Clean
Passport Photos












Classes & Adventures



Types

Classes
Adventures
Walks





Workshops
Events








Courses

Getting Started Classes
Photo Boot Camp
Intermediate Classes
Night Hawks
Photo Walks





Computer Classes
Studio Lighting Workshop
First Tuesday ART Night
Advanced










































In-store Products


We stock a wide selection of the best photographic products from many renowned brands!
 
We stock a wide selection of the best photographic products from many renowned brands. Come in and have a look! We're always available to help you find that special item you're looking for and to guide you in finding the perfect product for your needs. Here are some of the product lines that we carry:
 
Digital cameras - camcorders - printers - scanners - binoculars and related accessories
 
Picture frames - digital picture frames - photo albums - scrapbooks - scrapbooking supplies and darkroom supplies 
Online Store
We continuously invest to provide our customers with the best tools, more information and best service so you can enjoy to the maximum everything related to photography. You can now get product information, compare products, create a short list and see related accessories all from the comfort of your home. Visit our online store and browse around.































Contact us

stay connected

the social Scene
 






Paul's Photo
23845 Hawthorne Blvd.
Torrance, CA
90505
 
Phone: (310) 375-7014
Send us a message

 





Name:






*Email:




















Follow us













 
Paul's Photo


 






© 2017 Paul's Photo. All Rights Reserved      

 

















