
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




Trump, Andrew Jackson and Ourselves - The New York Times































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





The Opinion Pages|Trump, Andrew Jackson and Ourselves







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2qul8km








Advertisement








Supported by



The Opinion Pages
| Op-Ed Contributor 
Trump, Andrew Jackson and Ourselves

By JANE COASTONMAY 2, 2017



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






A statue of Andrew Jackson in Lafayette Square across from the White House.

Credit
            Luke Sharrett for The New York Times        



President Trump believes in the “great man” theory of history. Specifically, he believes that a great man, a man like President Andrew Jackson, could have stopped the American Civil War. In an interview with Salena Zito, a reporter for The Washington Examiner, on Sirius XM’s “Main Street Meets the Beltway,” Mr. Trump said the following: “Had Andrew Jackson been a little later you wouldn’t have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart, and he was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War. He said, ‘There’s no reason for this.’ ”Setting aside the fact that Jackson died on June 8, 1845, 16 years before the first shells were fired on Fort Sumter in South Carolina — and thus said markedly little on the subject of the Civil War. It is clear that Mr. Trump believes in Andrew Jackson. He sees similarities in himself with the seventh president: Both are presidential swashbucklers and populists. Their hardscrabble roots may differ, but their attitudes do not.And so Mr. Trump believes that the Civil War could have been prevented had his 19th century avatar been alive to take a stand. We also learned from Jon Meacham, the presidential historian, that Mr. Trump once boasted that he could have done a deal to avert the Civil War.Many of us believe this. Not about Andrew Jackson necessarily — the relative historical merits of eliminating the Bank of the United States don’t quite stand up to the horrors committed as a result of his Indian removal policy, and the Civil War was almost inevitable even before Jackson’s presidency. But we believe that history, in its ebbs and flows, could have been altered for the better by just one strong person. And quite often, we imagine that person is us. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





We may not believe that Jackson could have stopped the Civil War, but we believe that we would have stood alone against the crushing tides of Adolf Hitler’s Third Reich or the worst of South Africa’s apartheid. We would have shepherded Freedom Riders across the American South and taken on the dogs and water hoses of Eugene Connor, known as Bull. Our movies tell stories of those who resisted the worst of humanity, and we see ourselves on those screens. We believe that we are better today than those who lived before us, more able to take the challenges of history head on.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story
Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. 


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




And yet, if history is our guide, we are often not. Most people did not stand up to the Nazis as they marched into Czechoslovakia and Poland and Belgium and France. Fifty-seven percent of Americans polled by Gallup in 1961 responded that lunch counter sit-ins and other forms of peaceful protest would hinder the attempts of black Americans to achieve full equality. The vast majority of people, regardless of country or creed or time period, want only to live their lives and protect their families, to be left alone, historical resonance be damned. Order, not righteousness, is our most cherished value, no matter what we tell ourselves.But we don’t honor and remember order. We want heroes, not because we need them, but because we believe that we would be them ourselves if things were only different, if we weren’t so busy, if the right time came. When we select heroes, we then reject them, casting them off our self-constructed Mount Olympus for doing what we almost certainly would have done in their position.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

We are no better than the people who came before us, heroes or not. We are more knowledgeable, but not necessarily more moral. We can operate technology that would have boggled even the greatest minds of the early 20th century, but we are still human, still desiring most of all to be left alone. We each have our own Andrew Jacksons, our Martin Luther Kings, our great men and great women of history, but we are not them. Not now. Perhaps not ever.Fortunately, history does not move on the machinations of a select group of great people. It moves on the small movements of a great many individuals. For example, think of the thousands of abolitionists, the millions who voted for President Abraham Lincoln, and those who moved West and changed the calculus of slave versus free states.We are among those individuals; our politics, our decisions, our very words will set us on a course of history we cannot possibly begin to predict. History happens while we’re not paying attention, even while we’re rehashing the history of something else.We do not need to be Andrew Jackson (or, ideally, someone far less likely to commit crimes against humanity). We do not need to wait for a hero of our own making, either. We are what we’ve long awaited, the mover and shaper of history, the decider of our fate. If the arc of history bends toward justice, it is not bent by the greatest of us — but by the rest.
Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










Trump on the Civil War: ‘Why Could That One Not Have Been Worked Out?’
MAY 1, 2017












WHITE HOUSE MEMO 

With Civil War Remark, a President Who Doesn’t Go by the (History) Book
MAY 2, 2017













Jackson and Trump: How Two Populist Presidents Compare
MARCH 15, 2017












Opinion                         Op-Ed Contributor


Donald Trump’s Secret? Channeling Andrew Jackson
FEB. 17, 2016
























Related Coverage







Trump on the Civil War: ‘Why Could That One Not Have Been Worked Out?’
MAY 1, 2017












WHITE HOUSE MEMO 

With Civil War Remark, a President Who Doesn’t Go by the (History) Book
MAY 2, 2017













Jackson and Trump: How Two Populist Presidents Compare
MARCH 15, 2017












Opinion                         Op-Ed Contributor


Donald Trump’s Secret? Channeling Andrew Jackson
FEB. 17, 2016















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


































Andrew Jackson - IMDb














































































 
    










 
IMDb




More





All
Titles
TV Episodes
Names
Companies
Keywords
Characters
Quotes
Bios
Plots










Movies,
                TV
                & Showtimes




MOVIES

In Theaters
Showtimes & Tickets
Latest Trailers
Coming Soon
Release Calendar
Top Rated Movies
Top Rated Indian Movies
Most Popular Movies

CHARTS & TRENDS

Box Office
Oscar Winners
Most Popular by Genre



TV & VIDEO

IMDb TV
On Tonight
Top Rated TV Shows
Most Popular TV Shows
Watch Now on Amazon
DVD & Blu-Ray

SPECIAL FEATURES

Amazon Originals
Streaming
Comic-Con
IMDb Picks
Superheroes







Celebs,
                Events
                & Photos




CELEBS

Born Today
Celebrity News
Most Popular Celebs

PHOTOS

Latest Stills
Latest Posters
Photos We Love



EVENTS

Awards Central
Oscars
Golden Globes
Sundance
Cannes
Comic-Con
Emmy Awards
Venice Film Festival
Toronto Film Festival
Festival Central
Tribeca
All Events







News &
Community





LATEST HEADLINES


 Starz Orders Drama ‘The Rook’ From Stephenie Meyer, Liberty Global and Lionsgate

10 hours ago


 ‘Brooklyn’ Director John Crowley Has ‘Dreams Of Leaving’ With TV Series

12 hours ago


 ‘Black Mirror’ Season 4 is Almost Done Filming, Creators Still Open to Making Sequels

12 hours ago





NEWS

Top News
Movie News
TV News
Celebrity News
Indie News

COMMUNITY

Contributor Zone
Polls







Watchlist




            YOUR WATCHLIST
    













 
 


 



The leading information resource for the entertainment industry
Find industry contacts & talent representation
Manage your photos, credits, & more
Showcase yourself on IMDb & Amazon
Go to IMDbPro


|

Help


 

 

 










Sign in with Facebook
Other Sign in options










 








 














 







STARmeter
SEE RANK


Down
96,332
this week


View rank on IMDbPro
»



 Andrew Jackson
(XI)
(1767–1845)


 
Writer




Trivia: 

Spoke Spanish.            
See more trivia »
            
 


Born:

March 15, 
     
1767

            in
            Lancaster County, South Carolina, USA


Died:

June 8, 
     
1845

         (age 78) 
         in Nashville, Tennessee, USA










 


2 photos
|
12 news articles »                
















 
    


ad feedback








Feedback: Please take 5 minutes to participate in our short IMDb survey     




Quick Links

 


Biography




Awards




Photo Gallery




 


Filmography (by Job)




Trailers and Videos







Filmography



by Year




by Job




by Ratings




by Votes




by Genre




by Keyword



Personal Details



Biography




Other Works




Publicity Listings




Official Sites




Contact Info (IMDbPro)



Did You Know?



Personal Quotes




Trivia 




Trademark



Photo & Video



Photo Gallery




Trailers and Videos



Opinion



Awards



Related Items



Credited With




NewsDesk




External Sites



Professional Services



Promote yourself with a resume




Add or change photos




Get more at IMDbPro





Explore More
Show Less






   Meet the Characters of 'Black Panther'                         Lupita Nyong’o, Michael B. Jordan, and the cast of Black Panther introduce their characters and the world of Wakanda. This and more in our Guide to Comic-Con. Watch the video 






Share this page:
















   Creepy Cosplayers of Comic-Con                       Love cosplay? Check out our gallery of some of the creepiest, cutest, and downright craziest cosplayers at Comic-Con. Get your fill of Comic-Con cosplay 






 






Related News


Trump Calls Harriet Tubman $20 ‘Pure Political Correctness,’ Suggests Separate But Unequal Bill



                                  21 April 2016 5:32 AM, -08:00
                                
|
Mediaite - TV





Sean Penn Will Play Controversial President Andrew Jackson For HBO In American Lion



                                  18 December 2015 3:23 AM, -08:00
                                
|
We Got This Covered





Oscar-Nominated Film Series: Phenomenal Allen as Too-Good-to-Be-True U.S. V.P. Candidate in Highly Watchable But Ultimately Coy Political Thriller



                                  26 May 2015 4:31 PM, -08:00
                                
|
Alt Film Guide




See all 12 related articles »
            









  Around The Web  |  Powered by ZergNet        







Create a list »
                
User Lists
Related lists from IMDb users


 


Pisces



            a list of 845 people
            created 26 Aug 2012
        
 



 


Presidents of the United States of America



            a list of 33 people
            created 30 Jan 2015
        
 



 


All-Time Legends



            a list of 466 people
            created 08 Jun 2016
        
 



 


The Celebritie Graveyard



            a list of 1293 people
            created 7 months ago
        
 


See all related lists »
                







Do you have a demo reel?
Add it to your IMDbPage









Find out more at IMDb Pro »
        






Connect with IMDb









How Much Have You Seen?
How much of Andrew Jackson's work have you seen?





User Polls


 Favorite Count

 Monsters in Love

 Trackers For Hire

 Sexiest Female Villain

 Favorite Holiday Nuisance?

 Favorite Villain Quote

See more polls »







 








Known For


 
 
Biography
Writer

1995











 Show all


 Hide all

 | 


Show by...
Job
Year »
Rating »
Number of Ratings »
Genre »
Keyword »


 | 
 Edit
 
Filmography

Jump to:
Writer
| Archive footage



Hide 
Show 
Writer (1 credit)




 1995

Biography
(TV Series documentary) (writings - 1 episode)


- Andrew Jackson: A Man for the People
(1995)
... (writings - as President Jackson)




Hide 
Show 
Archive footage (1 credit)




 2004

The Complete History of U.S. Wars 1700-2004
(TV Series)

Himself

- Manifest Destiny Wars
(2004)
... Himself



 







 Edit
 
Personal Details

Publicity Listings:
    3 Biographical Movies |
    4 Print Biographies |
    16 Portrayals |
    1 Article |

See more
»
        


Official Sites:
The Hermitage - official site



Alternate Names:
            President Jackson
        


Height:
6' 1" (1.85 m)        








 Edit
 
Did You Know?

Personal Quote:
To the victors belong the spoils.                    
See more

                    »
        


Trivia:
His opponents once called him a "jackass" so he adopted that animal as the mascot of the Democratic party.                    
See more

                    »
        


Nickname:
            The Farmer of Tennessee
                
See more

                »
        


Star Sign:
Pisces








Getting Started
|
Contributor Zone »
Contribute to This Page




Edit page









   Get Caught Up on Comic-Con    Catch up with everything you missed at Comic-Con with IMDb's 2017 Comic-Con Guide.                  Backlash? Steven Moffat Talks Casting of First Female Doctor                   Chris Hardwick Breaks Down the Justice League Panel           Browse Our Guide to Comic-Con 










 





 






IMDb Everywhere

 

 

 


Find showtimes, watch trailers, browse photos, track your Watchlist and rate your favorite movies and TV shows on your phone or tablet!
IMDb Mobile site




      Follow IMDb on
      
 

 

 









Home
Top Rated Movies
Box Office
TV
Coming Soon
Site Index
Search
In Theaters




Contact Us
 Register

News

Press Room
Advertising
Jobs




IMDbPro
 Box Office Mojo

 Withoutabox


Conditions of Use
Privacy Policy
 Interest-Based Ads










Copyright © 1990-2017
                IMDb.com, Inc.


                An Amazon.com company.
            




                Amazon Affiliates
            





Amazon Video
Watch Movies &TV Online






Prime Video
Unlimited Streamingof Movies & TV






Amazon Germany
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon Italy
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon France
Buy Movies onDVD & Blu-ray






Amazon India
Buy Movie andTV Show DVDs






DPReview
DigitalPhotography






Audible
DownloadAudio Books
































Andrew Jackson | Entries | Tennessee Encyclopedia






















 































 






Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture

 


Home
About


This Land Called Tennessee
Preface
Foreword
Acknowledgments
Authors
Staff
Supporters



Categories
Entries
Images
Video
Audio
Interactive

 



Quick Browse »
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
0-9

 




Tools



Share
|



|

|
Cite




 
Interactive Related EntriesAndrew J. DonelsonCreek War of 1813 and 1814Eaton AffairJackson PurchaseJacksoniansJohn SevierRachel JacksonSamuel DonelsonStockly DonelsonTennessee Supreme CourtThe HermitageWar of 1812 
Categories
MilitaryPeoplePolitics 
External LinksAndrew Jackson, 1829-1837 from White House

Next Entry
Jackson County







Andrew Jackson 







Home »
Entries »
Andrew Jackson






By
Harold D. Moser
														, University of Tennessee														
							
								
							




Andrew Jackson was the seventh president of the United States, serving from 1829 to 1837. As war hero and the "savior of his country," he was one of a handful of Americans who dominated the first half of the nineteenth century. As president he redefined and strengthened the executive office, championing the concept of a united nation against rising threats of disunion. In all estimates, he was one of the strongest presidents, as well as one of the most controversial. He lent his name to a movement, Jacksonian Democracy, and to an era, the Age of Jackson.

Jackson was born in the frontier settlement of the Waxhaws in South Carolina, the youngest son of Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, both Scots-Irish from Carrickfergus in northern Ireland. His father died a few months before he was born. Encouraged by his mother to enter the ministry, Jackson obtained a modest education and taught school for a brief time. The Revolutionary War interrupted his education, and Jackson volunteered his services to the American cause. In 1779 his brother Hugh died from war injuries. In 1781 his other sibling, Robert, died of smallpox, which he and Jackson had contracted while British prisoners of war at Camden, South Carolina. Jackson recovered, but later that year, his mother succumbed to cholera while nursing sick family members in Charleston. At fourteen Jackson was an orphan, having only distant maternal relatives to supervise his continuing education, which he resumed after a brief residence in Charleston.

About 1784 Jackson arrived in Salisbury, North Carolina, where he read law for three years with two distinguished lawyers, receiving his license to practice in 1787. Jackson commenced his profession in North Carolina's Western District in Washington County (now in Tennessee). By October 1788, he had received an appointment as district attorney in Mero District (now Middle Tennessee) and moved to Nashville, where he resided at the home of Rachel Stockley Donelson, the widow of John Donelson, a founder of the town.

There he met the widow's daughter Rachel, who soon became his wife and the love of his life. Unhappily married to Lewis Robards of Mercer County, Kentucky, she had recently returned to her mother's home. When efforts at reconciliation failed in early 1790, Rachel visited friends in Natchez to escape further mistreatment. Later in the year her estranged husband solicited a divorce decree from the Virginia assembly, but the legislature remanded the petition to the courts of the Kentucky district (then a part of Virginia). Apparently presuming that Robards would proceed with the action, Jackson went to Natchez and married Rachel in August 1791. Robards, however, delayed divorce proceedings (on charges of adultery) until 1792, and the court issued its decree on September 27, 1793. When Andrew and Rachel received news of the court decision, they remarried on January 18, 1794, before a Davidson County justice of the peace.

The Jacksons settled in Nashville, and over the next few years, Jackson practiced law, speculated in land, bought the Poplar Grove farm in Davidson County (near the Hermitage), and commenced general merchandising in partnership with family and friends. Failed business ventures forced him to sell Poplar Grove and purchase the cheaper Hermitage property (eventually expanding to about one thousand acres), which remained his home for the rest of his life. The Jacksons "adopted" a nephew, Andrew Jackson Donelson (known as Andrew Jackson Jr.), reared several Indian orphans, and served as counselors for numerous children of relatives and friends. The Hermitage farm, generally managed by overseers and worked by slaves, was a model for Middle Tennessee agriculture, with orchards, gardens, livestock, staple crops, cotton gins, and stills. In the early 1820s the Jacksons built a larger house on the site, where they hosted innumerable visitors. Fire destroyed a portion of the dwelling during Jackson's presidency, and in rebuilding, he enlarged the house and added the front and rear porticos.

Jackson's interest in politics continued even as he built his plantation. As the new Territory South of the River Ohio organized for statehood, Jackson accepted election to its first constitutional convention, and in the fall of 1796, Tennessee voters sent him to Philadelphia as their first representative. A year later, the legislature elected him United States senator. Jackson's role in both bodies was undistinguished, and he resigned in 1798 to become a judge of the Superior Court (now the Tennessee Supreme Court). For the next six years, he rode circuit over the state, resigning in April 1804. By 1806 Jackson had abandoned his legal practice and storekeeping to devote his time to farming, with occasional interruptions for local militia musters.

Jackson's military duties markedly increased upon his election as major general of the Tennessee militia in 1802 and continued for the next twenty years. Though this period brought him national honor, personal and political controversy clouded his fame. In 1803 he quarreled with John Sevier and almost dueled with the governor. In January 1806 he caned Thomas Swann; in May he killed Charles Dickinson in a duel; and in September of that year he tacitly endorsed Aaron Burr's controversial western schemes. Early in 1807, Jackson ran a sword through Samuel Jackson. And in September 1813 he brawled with brothers Jesse and Thomas Hart Benton, taking a bullet in the arm. The bullet was removed during his presidency.

Jackson's emergence as a popular national figure resulted from his distinguished service as major general in the War of 1812. His first major assignment came when the War Department in Washington ordered his Tennessee soldiers to Natchez in 1812 and there dismissed them. Jackson disobeyed orders and refused to abandon his men. Under severe hardships that earned him the name "Old Hickory," he marched the forces back to Tennessee. A year later, he added to his reputation when he led his men into battle against the Creek Indians, defeating them at Talladega in November 1813, at Emuckfau and Enotochapco in January 1814, and at Horseshoe Bend in March 1814. The Treaty of Fort Jackson, concluded in August 1814, sealed the capitulation of the tribe and transferred most of its land in Alabama and southern Georgia to the United States.

Having been commissioned major general of the U.S. Army in May 1814, Jackson soon received orders to defend the Gulf Coast against an expected British invasion. He led his troops into Florida, seized Pensacola, and in early December, marched to New Orleans. There, in the early morning of January 8, 1815, a few weeks after the signing of the Treaty of Ghent, he resoundingly defeated the British. That victory brought immediate fame. To many, Jackson was second only to George Washington in service to the Republic. Some, however, found certain aspects of his New Orleans military record disturbing, namely, his approval of the military execution of six mutinous militiamen, the imposition of martial law, the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, and his defiance of the orders of a federal judge. Jackson defended his actions on military necessity and muted criticism for a time. Over the next several years, he negotiated land cessions in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Kentucky at treaties with the Cherokees, Choctaws, and Chickasaws, presaging his controversial presidential policy of Indian removal to accommodate advancing white settlement. In 1818 he led troops into Florida to suppress the Seminoles, again seized Pensacola, and ordered the execution of two British subjects suspected of arming the Seminoles. The action precipitated a brief international crisis and a long congressional investigation. Jackson's vindication came in 1821, when he supervised the transfer of the Floridas to the United States under the 1819 Adams-Onis Treaty. He later served as governor during the establishment of territorial government.

Jackson resigned his army appointment on June 1, 1821, and retired to Tennessee. In 1822 the state legislature nominated him for president of the United States, a move seconded by other states, and in 1823 elected him to the U.S. Senate (he resigned in 1825). Jackson consistently denied that he sought the presidency, but declared it his duty to serve if elected. In the presidential campaign of 1824 Jackson received both a popular and an electoral plurality over William H. Crawford, John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, and John C. Calhoun. When the House of Representatives gave the presidency to Adams, and Adams appointed Clay secretary of state, Jackson labeled the transaction "a corrupt bargain" that violated the will of the voters. On that charge, Jackson's advisors launched the presidential campaign of 1828.

The ensuing presidential canvass was one of the nation's dirtiest. Pamphlets and partisan newspapers probed the public and private lives of Jackson and Adams, particularly Jackson. The parade of "juvenile indiscretions" seemed endless, but the insinuations of moral depravity as evidenced by the Jackson's marriages proved most painful. Jackson, however, was elected president that fall. On December 22, 1828, Rachel Jackson passed away, and her husband charged that her death had been hastened by the campaign slanders.

In January 1829, the widowed Jackson left Tennessee for his inauguration. Reform was the keynote of the bereaved Jackson's inauguration address in March 1829, and reform remained the theme of his two terms as president. He departed from practice by rejecting Adams's cabinet. As the Senate recessed in mid-March, Jackson initiated a series of removals and appointments that his opponents denounced as the spoils system. Jacksonians defended the practice as a restoration of honesty and integrity and the destruction of entrenched privilege. Cabinet squabbles erupted during Jackson's first term that ended in a reconstitution of the cabinet and the resignation of Vice-President John C. Calhoun. Nevertheless, Jackson maintained his commitment to reform and executed his will through the exercise of the veto, killing the Maysville Road bill and the recharter of the Bank of the United States.

The recharter of the bank became the focus of the presidential campaign of 1832 between Jackson and Clay. The real issue, however, was Jackson. Analysis of Jackson's election victory showed a decline in his support and the rise of a strong opposition. During his second administration, Jackson continued to use the veto and took unprecedented actions: in 1833, without congressional approval, he ordered federal deposits removed from the Bank of the United States and placed in state banks, forcing the resignation of the cabinet officer who refused his directive; and in 1836 he issued the Specie Circular, which required the payment of government debts in hard money. Jackson's 1833 proclamation against nullification defining the Union as indissoluble assaulted state's rights. In consequence, his opponents denounced him as a tyrant, "King Andrew I," and united to form the Whig Party. By the end of the decade, the second American party system had emerged in all the states.

Jackson returned to the Hermitage in early 1837. Many still considered him a hero and the spokesman of the common man. He spent the remainder of his years in retirement, consulting with numerous politicians on the issues of the day, entertaining frequent visitors, and managing his farm. His health, much damaged by dueling wounds and the rigors of military campaigns, continued to decline. In 1845, at age seventy-eight, Jackson died at the Hermitage and was buried in the Hermitage garden two days later. Suggested ReadingHarold D. Moser et al., The Papers of Andrew Jackson, 5 vols. to date (1981- ); John Spencer Bassett, Correspondence of Andrew Jackson, 7 vols. (1926-35); James Parton, Life of Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (1860); Robert V. Remini, Andrew Jackson, 3 vols. (1977-84); Daniel Feller, The Jacksonian Promise: America, 1815-1840 (1995). 


Published » December 25, 2009						 | Last Updated » January 01, 2010						
















Functionality and information are in compliance with guidelines established by the American Association for State and Local History for online state and regional encyclopedias.



Most Popular Entries
Civil WarRailroadsSlaveryMelungeonsDaniel Boone 


Most Popular Images
Jubilee Singers of Fisk UniversityHardwick Stove CompanyJOHN ROSSPORT ROYAL STATE HISTORIC AREAROGANAAdelicia Acklen 


Pages Viewed

Entry - Andrew Jackson 






Text copyright 1998 by the Tennessee Historical Society, Nashville, Tennessee.
Online Edition © 2002 ~ 2017, The University of Tennessee Press, Knoxville, Tennessee. All Rights Reserved.
Powererd by eCMS from R.Squared Communications





Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























































































Andrew Jackson Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.


Andrew Jackson






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Abraham Lincoln


John F. Kennedy


Thomas Jefferson


Theodore Roosevelt


Ronald Reagan


Barack Obama


George Washington


Franklin D. Roosevelt




Popular Topics 


Motivational Quotes


Life Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes


Smile Quotes




More 


Top 10 Andrew Jackson Quotes



Find on Amazon:
Andrew Jackson

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Andrew Jackson Quotes

American
-
President

March 15, 1767
-
June 8, 1845










































   Loading...







There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
Andrew Jackson


Fun,
Doing,
Nothing























The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.
Andrew Jackson


Business,
Government,
Credit
























The brave man inattentive to his duty, is worth little more to his country than the coward who deserts in the hour of danger.
Andrew Jackson


Man,
Brave,
Coward




















Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.
Andrew Jackson


Time,
Thinking,
Action
























Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there.
Andrew Jackson


Wife,
Me,
Heaven























Any man worth his salt will stick up for what he believes right, but it takes a slightly better man to acknowledge instantly and without reservation that he is in error.
Andrew Jackson


Man,
Better,
Worth



















Elevate those guns a little lower.
Andrew Jackson


Guns,
Elevate,
Little



















As long as our government is administered for the good of the people, and is regulated by their will; as long as it secures to us the rights of persons and of property, liberty of conscience and of the press, it will be worth defending.
Andrew Jackson


Good,
Government,
Liberty



















Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Andrew Jackson


Peace,
Blood,
Sometimes
























Every good citizen makes his country's honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and is conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
Andrew Jackson


Life,
Good,
Risk



















The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.
Andrew Jackson


Power,
Great,
Strong




















You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
Andrew Jackson


Blessing,
Wish,
Price























All the rights secured to the citizens under the Constitution are worth nothing, and a mere bubble, except guaranteed to them by an independent and virtuous Judiciary.
Andrew Jackson


Bubble,
Independent,
Worth






















Top 10
Andrew Jackson
Quotes





View the list






The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Andrew Jackson


Love,
Great,
Men



















It is to be regretted that the rich and powerful too often bend the acts of government to their own selfish purposes.
Andrew Jackson


Government,
Powerful,
Rich
























I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment.
Andrew Jackson


Shoes,
Moment,
Chance



















Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.
Andrew Jackson


Power,
Men,
Greatest



















The Bible is the rock on which this Republic rests.
Andrew Jackson


Rock,
Bible,
Republic



















In England the judges should have independence to protect the people against the crown. Here the judges should not be independent of the people, but be appointed for not more than seven years. The people would always re-elect the good judges.
Andrew Jackson


Good,
Independence,
People



















The wisdom of man never yet contrived a system of taxation that would operate with perfect equality.
Andrew Jackson


Wisdom,
Man,
Equality



















It is a damn poor mind indeed which can't think of at least two ways to spell any word.
Andrew Jackson


Mind,
Think,
Two



















Our government is founded upon the intelligence of the people. I for one do not despair of the republic. I have great confidence in the virtue of the great majority of the people, and I cannot fear the result.
Andrew Jackson


Fear,
Great,
Confidence
























It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
Andrew Jackson


Power,
Government,
Practice



















No one need think that the world can be ruled without blood. The civil sword shall and must be red and bloody.
Andrew Jackson


World,
Red,
Think



















There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses.
Andrew Jackson


Government,
Only,
Exist




















To the victors belong the spoils.
Andrew Jackson


Belong,
Spoils,
Victors






































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Andrew Jackson
















Related Authors



Abraham Lincoln




John F. Kennedy




Thomas Jefferson




Theodore Roosevelt




Ronald Reagan




Barack Obama




George Washington




Franklin D. Roosevelt


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes







Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.



























Elementary School Songs & Videos About Andrew Jackson


































 Sign In / Register












Latest Free Video
Book a Show
Contact Us







 


 



Home > Products > American Presidents > Andrew Jackson
Andrew Jackson















	Grammarheads rock song to supplement your curriculum on Andrew Jackson.  Subscribe to gain full access to the song, video, and quiz, or purchase each individually.  Your students will learn some facts and interesting information about America’s seventh president, Old Hickory, by listening to the song or watching the video.  The quiz includes ten questions, and all the answers can be found within the lyrics of the song.	



Andrew Jackson Products
Download a products preview ›








							Song						


Rock song for teaching, learning, or just for fun.


Price
$1.29 
Add to Cart 





							Lesson Plan						


Check out this lesson plan! It’s a great addition to the music video, and it makes for an awesome activating strategy. It includes a sample lesson plan, lyrics sheet to accompany the song, 10-question quiz, and answer key.


Price
$1.49 
Add to Cart 





							Music Video						


Great tool for student engagement, memorization skills, and another way to look at informational text!


Price
$1.99 
Add to Cart 





Save 10% by Adding All Andrew Jackson Products to Cart Now!



Price
$4.29

Add All Items to Cart






CategoriesAmerican Presidents
Famous People
Grammar / English
History
Science
Solar System

Teacher Feedback

Love this bundle. The students love it, too! Thanks!



View Our Best Seller!



Rock Your Writing!


Complete parts of speech bundle



Buy a Video Subscription Now ›










Email

Home
Videos
Songs
Power Points
Lesson Plans
About Us
Products
Book a Show
Contact Us
Sign In/ Register
My Cart
Checkout
 




Stay Up To Date with
The GrammarHeads
















Is fire hot or cold? 

 
 





Copyright© 2017 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns Policy
Conditions of Use
Site Map
Site Credits
































Educational Songs & Videos About American Presidents






























 Sign In / Register












Latest Free Video
Book a Show
Contact Us







 


 



Home > Products > American Presidents
American Presidents









Teaching elementary students about past American presidents doesn’t have to be boring. Our educational songs and videos about American presidents work as great activating strategies to get your elementary students engaged in learning. Our songs and videos are designed to be catchy and fun so your students stay interested throughout your lessons! We also offer worksheets and powerpoints to help support your lesson plans.


	Showing all 12 results

Default sortingSort by popularitySort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low 





Know the Presidents!
$9.99

Add to cart




George Washington
From: $1.29





Ronald Reagan
From: $1.29





John Adams
From: $1.29





Thomas Jefferson
From: $1.29





James Madison
From: $1.29





Andrew Jackson
From: $1.29





Abraham Lincoln
From: $1.29





Theodore Roosevelt
From: $1.29





Franklin Roosevelt
From: $1.29





John F. Kennedy
From: $1.29





Richard Nixon
From: $1.29




Video Subscriptions
Buy Subscription Now ›

 

CategoriesAmerican Presidents
Famous People
Grammar / English
History
Science
Solar System

Teacher Feedback

ABSOLUTELY L.O.V.E. IT!!!!!



View Our Best Seller!



Rock Your Writing!


Complete parts of speech bundle













Email

Home
Videos
Songs
Power Points
Lesson Plans
About Us
Products
Book a Show
Contact Us
Sign In/ Register
My Cart
Checkout
 




Stay Up To Date with
The GrammarHeads
















Is fire hot or cold? 

 
 





Copyright© 2017 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns Policy
Conditions of Use
Site Map
Site Credits





























AJ Design Studio LTD – Product/Industrial design services




























 









Skip to content




AJ Design Studio LTD
Product/Industrial design services

Menu


















Welcome to AJ Design Studio Ltd, based in Wellington, New Zealand. I offer product/industrial design services to other companies, to help them develop and deliver new products. I specialise in CAD model development, from concept models through to final models ready for tooling, as well as high quality product rendering.
Please have a look at some of the projects I’ve worked on since starting AJDS in 2006.
Andrew Jackson.






 Recent Posts 

Vanity render in Octane


Eames plywood chair renderings


Logitech mouse animation


Interior panorama: WebGL and Unity


Octane render 3.x


 Contact AJDS Andrew Jackson.
42 Reuben Ave,
Brooklyn, Wellington 6021,
New Zealand.
Phone:- +64 (0)21 1807012
Skype:- andrewthejackson
andrew@ajdesignstudio.co.nz

 


















Products - The Grammarheads





























 Sign In / Register












Latest Free Video
Book a Show
Contact Us







 


 



Home > Products
Shop









Shop by Category




			American Presidents		




			Famous People		




			Grammar / English		




			History		




			Science		




			Solar System		




Video Subscriptions
Buy Subscription Now ›

 

CategoriesAmerican Presidents
Famous People
Grammar / English
History
Science
Solar System

Teacher Feedback

Nicely done! Clear explanations and engaging format.



View Our Best Seller!



Rock Your Writing!


Complete parts of speech bundle













Email

Home
Videos
Songs
Power Points
Lesson Plans
About Us
Products
Book a Show
Contact Us
Sign In/ Register
My Cart
Checkout
 




Stay Up To Date with
The GrammarHeads
















Is fire hot or cold? 

 
 





Copyright© 2017 All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns Policy
Conditions of Use
Site Map
Site Credits




























Jackson, Andrew. Printed Check, Signed - Abraham Lincoln Book Shop Inc.







































 























                    	(0 items) Shopping Cart
                       









Home  --› Browse the Shop --› Presidents & First Ladies --› Jackson, Andrew. Printed Check, Signed






Jackson, Andrew. Printed Check, Signed

$2,500.00




reserve this item
Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us



 
Category: Presidents & First Ladies.





Description



Product Description
Autograph Signature of Jackson, Andrew (7th President) on Partly printed check, accomplished in his own hand and signed.  Nashville:  28 May 1828.  Approx. 8” x 2-½”.
The candidate and future president writes a check for $20.00 to himself, ironically from the “Cashier of the Office of the Bank of the United States at Nashville”.
Jackson waged war against the Second Bank of the United States, unsuccessfully keeping the Bank with its “attendant evils and corruptions” out of his city the previous year, but ultimately destroying the Bank by the end of his presidency.
Oblong;  ½” tear on left edge, not effecting text; four vertical folds; lt. browning; else v.g.; w/ 1861 engraving of “Old Hickory”; 5-½” x  7-½” (sight), 8-¼” x 10-¾” (overall); lt. fox. edges, else v..g.



Related Products




 


Seager, Robert, II. And Tyler Too: A Biography of John and Julia Gardiner Tyler, 1st ed.

Seager, Robert, II. And Tyler Too: A Biography of John and Julia Gardiner Tyler. New York: 1963. 1st Edition, 681p. Dubbed “His Accidency” by his detractors, John Tyler was the first Vice President to be elevated to the office of President by the death of his predecessor. When the first southern states seceded in 1861, … Continue reading Seager, Robert, II. And Tyler Too: A Biography of John and Julia Gardiner Tyler, 1st ed. →

$100.00

buy this item Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us









 


Johnson, Lady Bird. A White House Diary, 1st ed, Inscribed Bookplate

Lady Bird Made the Role of First Lady
What It Is Today.
READ MORE

$425.00

reserve this item Learn More
            	
Call: 312.944.3085
                Hours: Tues - Sat10am-4pm
Email Us



















New Acquisitions



 

George W. Bush, A Fresh Start for America: Policy Addresses …
MORE




 

Grover Cleveland, Public Papers of Grover Cleveland, Governor of New …
MORE




 

Rare In This Edition!
MORE




 

 Illinois Governor Stratton’s Set
MORE




 

Presidential Autographs – From Washington to TR
MORE




























Andrew Jackson, The People’s President | The Hermitage























































 








Visit the Hermitage


Plan Your Visit




Location & Directions
Visitor FAQs
Accessibility & Assistance



Things to See & Do






Tours
Exhibits
Events
Food Options
Itineraries





Groups

Group Reservations






Andrew Jackson






Overview
Orphan
General
President
Legend
Family
Papers





Mansion & Grounds






Overview
Mansion
Garden & Grounds
Slavery
Jackson's Tomb





Blog & Resources






Blog Home
POTUS7 Podcast
Notes from the Curator
Videos









Join





Become a member of The Hermitage for unlimited admission and special benefits.


Learn about Membership


Give





Donate to fund new research, help preserve The Hermitage and educate more visitors.


Find Out How to Give


Volunteer





Discover how you can help create the Andrew Jackson story and experience.


Become a Volunteer






 








 




Andrew Jackson, The People’s President
Tennessee lawyer, judge, soldier, planter, and politician, Andrew Jackson was the most beloved military hero of his day and one of the most influential presidents in American history.
This compelling book highlights the events of Andrew Jackson’s life – from his meager beginnings to his election as 7th president of the United States. With dozens of rare artifacts and captivating archival images, the book spotlights and honors the 7th President’s life and legacy.


$14.99









Add to cart


SKU: 21219057001.
Categories: Andrew Jackson, Andrew Jackson Collectibles






Related Products


Porcelain Box of Andrew Jackson
$29.95
 Add to cart

The President’s Lady
$14.99
 Add to cart

Andrew Jackson Bust
$45.00
 Add to cart

Andrew Jackson Bookmark & Ornament
$9.95
 Add to cart







 Andrew Jackson, Andrew Jackson Collectibles 





Featured Product

Alder Wood Ornament
From holly to fruit trees, the diversity of wood in its many forms has always been a part of Christmas. The Alder tree, from which this ornament is made, is found around the world in nearly 30 species. Made in the USA.
More details


$18.95


Add to Cart






New Products







Seedless Black Raspberry Preserve
More details


$5.95
Add to Cart









Blueberry Preserve
More details


$4.95
Add to Cart









Peach Preserve
More details


$4.95
Add to Cart









Pear Preserve
More details


$4.95
Add to Cart









 




























Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrew Jackson - Wikipedia




















 







Andrew Jackson

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Andrew Jackson, see Andrew Jackson (disambiguation).


Major General
Andrew Jackson



Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl






7th President of the United States


In office
March 4, 1829 – March 4, 1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun (1829–1832)
None (1832–1833)
Martin Van Buren (1833–1837)


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams


Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


United States Senator
from Tennessee


In office
March 4, 1823 – October 14, 1825


Preceded by
John Williams


Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


In office
September 26, 1797 – April 1, 1798


Preceded by
William Cocke


Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Military Governor of Florida


In office
March 10, 1821 – December 31, 1821


Appointed by
James Monroe


Preceded by
José María Coppinger (Spanish East Florida)


Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large district


In office
December 4, 1796 – September 26, 1797


Preceded by
Constituency established


Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne





Personal details


Born
(1767-03-15)March 15, 1767
Waxhaw Settlement between the Provinces of North Carolina and South Carolina, British America


Died
June 8, 1845(1845-06-08) (aged 78)
Nashville, Tennessee, U.S.


Resting place
The Hermitage


Nationality
American


Political party
Democratic (after 1828)
Democratic-Republican (Before 1828)


Spouse(s)
Rachel Donelson
(m. 1794; d. 1828)


Children
3 adopted sons


Signature



Military service


Allegiance
 United States


Service/branch
 United States Army


Rank
 Major General (Army)
 Major General (Militia)


Unit
 Tennessee Militia


Battles/wars
American Revolutionary War
 • Battle of Hanging Rock
Creek War
 • Battle of Talladega
 • Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek
 • Battle of Horseshoe Bend
War of 1812
 • Battle of Pensacola
 • Battle of New Orleans
First Seminole War
Conquest of Florida
 • Battle of Negro Fort
 • Siege of Fort Barrancas


Awards
Congressional Gold Medal
Thanks of Congress


Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was an American soldier and statesman who served as the seventh President of the United States from 1829 to 1837 and was the founder of the Democratic Party. Before being elected to the presidency, Jackson gained fame as a general in the United States Army and served in both houses of Congress. As president, Jackson sought to advance the rights of the "common man" against a "corrupt aristocracy" and to preserve the Union.
Born in the Waxhaws region, Jackson became a practicing lawyer in the Western District of North Carolina (now part of Tennessee) and married Rachel Donelson Robards. He served briefly in the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate representing Tennessee. Upon the end of his first Senate term, he was appointed a justice on the Tennessee Supreme Court, serving from 1798 until 1804. Upon his retirement, Jackson purchased a property that became known as the Hermitage, and became a wealthy, slaveowning planter. In 1801, Jackson was appointed colonel of the Tennessee militia and was elected its commander the following year. He led Tennessee militia and U.S. Army regulars during the Creek War of 1813–1814, winning a major victory at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. The subsequent Treaty of Fort Jackson required the Creek surrender of vast lands in present-day Alabama and Georgia. Jackson won a decisive victory in the War of 1812 over the British army at the Battle of New Orleans, making him a national hero. Following the conclusion of the War of 1812, Jackson led U.S. forces in the First Seminole War, which helped affect the transfer of Florida from Spain to the United States. Jackson briefly served as Florida's first territorial governor before winning election as a U.S. Senator from Tennessee. Jackson ran for president in 1824, winning a plurality of the popular and electoral vote. As no candidate won a majority of the electoral vote, the House of Representatives elected John Quincy Adams in a contingent election. In reaction to the alleged "corrupt bargain" between Adams and Henry Clay and the ambitious agenda of President Adams, Jackson's supporters founded the Democratic Party.
Jackson ran again for president in 1828, defeating Adams in a landslide election. As president, Jackson faced the threat of secession by South Carolina over the "Tariff of Abominations" enacted under Adams. The Nullification Crisis was defused when the tariff was amended, and Jackson threatened the use of military force if South Carolina attempted to secede. Congress, led by Clay, attempted to reauthorize the Second Bank of the United States; Jackson regarded the Bank as a corrupt institution and vetoed the renewal of its charter. After a lengthy struggle known as the Bank War, Jackson and the congressional Democrats thoroughly dismantled the Bank. In 1835, Jackson became the only president to completely pay off the national debt, fulfilling a longtime goal. His presidency marked the beginning of the ascendancy of the "spoils system" in American politics. In 1830, Jackson signed the Indian Removal Act, which relocated most members of the Native American tribes in the South to Indian Territory. The relocation process dispossessed the Indians and resulted in widespread death and sickness. In foreign affairs, Jackson's administration concluded a "most favored nation" treaty with Great Britain, settled claims of damages against France from the Napoleonic Wars, and recognized the Republic of Texas. He vehemently opposed the rising trend of abolitionism.
In his retirement, Jackson remained active in Democratic Party politics, supporting the presidencies of Martin Van Buren and James K. Polk. Though fearful of its effects on the slavery debate, Jackson advocated the annexation of Texas, which was accomplished shortly before his death. Jackson was widely revered in the United States, but his reputation has declined since the civil rights movement, largely due to his role in Indian removal and support for slavery. Surveys of historians and scholars have ranked Jackson between 6th and 18th most successful among United States presidents.



Contents


1 Early life and education
2 Revolutionary War service
3 Legal career and marriage

3.1 Land speculation and founding of Memphis
3.2 Early political career and Tennessee militia


4 Planting career and controversy
5 Military career

5.1 War of 1812

5.1.1 Creek campaign and treaty
5.1.2 Battle of New Orleans
5.1.3 Enforced martial law in New Orleans


5.2 First Seminole War


6 Presidential aspirations

6.1 Election of 1824
6.2 Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson


7 Presidency 1829–1837

7.1 Inauguration
7.2 Petticoat affair
7.3 Indian removal policy
7.4 Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
7.5 Nullification crisis
7.6 Foreign affairs
7.7 Bank veto and election of 1832
7.8 Removal of deposits and censure
7.9 Attack and assassination attempt
7.10 Anti-slavery tracts
7.11 U.S. Exploring Expedition
7.12 Panic of 1837
7.13 Administration and cabinet
7.14 Judicial appointments
7.15 States admitted to the Union


8 Later life and death
9 Personal life

9.1 Family
9.2 Temperament
9.3 Physical appearance
9.4 Religious faith


10 Legacy and memory

10.1 Historical reputation
10.2 Portrayal on banknotes and stamps
10.3 Memorials
10.4 Popular culture depictions


11 See also
12 References
13 Bibliography

13.1 Biographies
13.2 Historiography
13.3 Specialized studies
13.4 Primary sources


14 Further reading
15 External links



Early life and education
Andrew Jackson was born on March 15, 1767, in the Waxhaws region of the Carolinas. His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson, Presbyterians who had emigrated from Northern Ireland two years earlier.[1][2] Jackson's father was born in Carrickfergus, County Antrim, in current-day Northern Ireland, around 1738.[3] Jackson's parents lived in the village of Boneybefore, also in County Antrim. His paternal family line originated in Killingswold Grove, Yorkshire, England.[4]
When they immigrated to North America in 1765, Jackson's parents probably landed in Philadelphia. Most likely they traveled overland through the Appalachian Mountains to the Scots-Irish community in the Waxhaws region, straddling the border between North and South Carolina.[5] They brought two children from Ireland, Hugh (born 1763) and Robert (born 1764). Jackson's father died in an accident in February 1767 at the age of 29, three weeks before his son Andrew was born. Jackson, his mother, and his brothers lived with Jackson's aunt and uncle in the Waxhaws region, and Jackson received schooling from two nearby priests.[6]
Jackson's exact birthplace is unclear because he was born about the time his mother was making a difficult trip home from burying Jackson's father. The area was so remote that the border between North and South Carolina had not been officially surveyed. In 1824 Jackson wrote a letter saying that he was born at an uncle's plantation in Lancaster County, South Carolina. Jackson may have claimed to be a South Carolinian because the state was considering nullification of the Tariff of 1824, which he opposed. In the mid-1850s, second-hand evidence indicated that he might have been born at a different uncle's home in North Carolina.[7]
Revolutionary War service




Young Jackson Refusing to Clean Major Coffin's Boots (1876 lithograph)


During the Revolutionary War, Jackson's eldest brother, Hugh, died from heat exhaustion after the Battle of Stono Ferry on June 20, 1779.[8] Anti-British sentiment intensified following the brutal Waxhaws Massacre on May 29, 1780. Jackson's mother encouraged him and his elder brother Robert to attend the local militia drills.[9] Soon, they began to help the militia as couriers.[10] They served under Colonel William Richardson Davie at the Battle of Hanging Rock on August 6.[9] Andrew and Robert were eventually captured by the British in 1781[10] while staying at the home of the Crawford family. When Andrew refused to clean the boots of a British officer, the officer slashed at the youth with a sword, leaving him with scars on his left hand and head, as well as an intense hatred for the British. Robert also refused to do as commanded and was struck with the sword.[11] The two brothers were held as prisoners, contracted smallpox, and nearly starved to death in captivity.[12]
Robert Jackson died on April 27, 1781,[13] a few days after their mother Elizabeth secured the brothers' release.[14] After nursing Andrew back to health, she volunteered to nurse prisoners of war on board two ships in the Charleston harbor, where there had been an outbreak of cholera. In November she died from the disease and was buried in an unmarked grave. Andrew became an orphan at age 14. He blamed the British personally for the loss of his brothers and mother.[15]
Legal career and marriage
After the Revolutionary War, Jackson received a sporadic education in a local Waxhaw school. In 1781 he worked for a time in a saddle-maker's shop.[16] On bad terms with much of his extended family, he boarded with several different people while teaching school or working for the saddle-maker. In 1784, he left the Waxhaws region for Salisbury, North Carolina, where he studied law under attorney Spruce Macay. With the help of various lawyers, he was able to learn enough to qualify for the bar. In September 1787, Jackson was admitted to the North Carolina bar.[17] Shortly thereafter, a friend helped Jackson get appointed to a vacant prosecutor position in the Western District of North Carolina, which would later become the state of Tennessee. During his travel west, Jackson bought his first slave and in 1788, having been offended by fellow lawyer Waightstill Avery, fought his first duel. The duel ended with both men firing into the air, having made a secret agreement to do so before the engagement.[18]
Jackson moved to Nashville in 1788, where he lived as a boarder with Rachel Stockly Donelson, the widow of John Donelson. Here Jackson became acquainted with their daughter, Rachel Donelson Robards. At the time, the younger Rachel was in an unhappy marriage with Captain Lewis Robards; he was subject to fits of jealous rage.[19] The two were separated in 1790. According to Jackson, he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce. However, the divorce had never been completed, making Rachel's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid. After the divorce was officially completed, Rachel and Jackson remarried in 1794.[20] To complicate matters further, evidence shows that Rachel had been living with Jackson and referred to herself as Mrs. Jackson before the petition for divorce was ever made.[21] It was not uncommon on the frontier for relationships to be formed and dissolved unofficially, as long as they were recognized by the community.[22]
Land speculation and founding of Memphis
Further information: History of Memphis, Tennessee
In 1794, Jackson formed a business with fellow lawyer and planter John Overton, overtly buying and selling land which had been reserved by treaty for the Cherokee and Chickasaw.[23] Theirs was a frank avowal; they, like many of their contemporaries, would deal with lands within Indian territory. Most of the transactions involved grants made under the 'land grab' act of 1783 that briefly opened to claim by North Carolinians all of the Indian lands in that state's transmontane west. He was one of the three original investors who founded Memphis, Tennessee, in 1819.[24]
Early political career and Tennessee militia
After moving to Nashville, Jackson became a protege of William Blount, a friend of the Donelsons and one of the most powerful men in the state. Jackson became attorney general in 1791, and he won election as a delegate to the Tennessee constitutional convention in 1796.[18] When Tennessee achieved statehood that year, he was elected its U.S. Representative. The following year, the state legislature elected him as U.S. Senator. He resigned within a year. While in Philadelphia, then the nation's capital, Jackson aligned himself with the Democratic-Republican Party, and he strongly opposed the Jay Treaty.[25] In 1798, with strong support from western Tennessee, he was elected to serve as a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court,[26] at an annual salary of $600.[27] Jackson's service as a judge is generally viewed as a success and earned him a reputation for honesty and good decision making.[28] Due to financial troubles, Jackson resigned the judgeship in 1804 and returned full-time to his business interests.[29]
After arriving in Tennessee, Jackson won the appointment of judge advocate of the Tennessee militia.[30] While serving on the Tennessee Supreme Court, he was appointed in 1801 as a colonel in the Tennessee militia. In 1802 he declared his candidacy for major general, or commander, of the Tennessee militia, a position voted on by the officers.[28] Jackson, with strong support from western Tennessee, tied with John Sevier with seventeen votes. Sevier was a popular Revolutionary War veteran and former governor, the recognized leader of politics in eastern Tennessee. On February 5, Governor Archibald Roane broke the tie in Jackson's favor.[31] Jackson had also presented Roane with evidence against Sevier of land fraud. Subsequently, in 1803, when Sevier announced his intention to regain the governorship, Roane released the evidence. Sevier responded with hostility to Jackson, and the two nearly fought a duel over the matter. Despite the charges leveled against Sevier, he defeated Roane, and continued to serve as governor until 1809.[32] Sevier took revenge on Jackson by dividing the militia into east and west districts, and giving Jackson control of only the west.[33]
Planting career and controversy




Notice of reward offered by Jackson for return of an enslaved slave[34]


In addition to his legal and political career, Jackson prospered as planter, slave owner, and merchant. He built a home and the first general store in Gallatin, Tennessee, in 1803. The next year, he acquired the Hermitage, a 640-acre (259 ha) plantation in Davidson County, near Nashville. He later added 360 acres (146 ha) to the plantation, which eventually totaled 1,050 acres (425 ha). The primary crop was cotton, grown by slaves—Jackson began with nine, owned as many as 44 by 1820, and later up to 150, making him among the planter elite. Jackson also co-owned with his son Andrew Jackson, Jr., the Halcyon plantation in Coahoma County, Mississippi, which housed 51 slaves at the time of his death.[35] Throughout his lifetime Jackson may have owned as many as 300 slaves.[36][37]
Men, women, and child slaves were owned by Jackson on three sections of the Hermitage plantation.[37] Slaves lived in extended family units of between five and ten persons and were quartered in 20-foot-square cabins made either of brick or logs. The size and quality of the Hermitage slave quarters exceeded the standards of his times. To help slaves acquire food, Jackson supplied them with guns, knives, and fishing equipment.[37] At times he paid his slaves with monies and coins to trade in local markets. The Hermitage plantation was a profit-making enterprise. Jackson permitted slaves to be whipped to increase productivity or if he believed his slaves' offenses were severe enough. At various times he posted advertisements for fugitive slaves who had escaped from his plantation. For the standards of his times, Jackson was considered a humane slave owner who furnished his slaves food and housing, and he did not prohibit his female slaves from having children.[37]
The controversy surrounding his marriage to Rachel remained a sore point for Jackson, who deeply resented attacks on his wife's honor. By May 1806, Charles Dickinson, who, like Jackson, raced horses, had published an attack on Jackson in the local newspaper, and it resulted in a written challenge from Jackson to a duel. Since Dickinson was considered an expert shot, Jackson determined it would be best to let Dickinson turn and fire first, hoping that his aim might be spoiled in his quickness; Jackson would wait and take careful aim at Dickinson. Dickinson did fire first, hitting Jackson in the chest. The bullet that struck Jackson was so close to his heart that it was never safely removed. Under the rules of dueling, Dickinson had to remain still as Jackson took aim and shot and killed him. Jackson's behavior in the duel outraged men of honor in Tennessee, who called it a brutal, cold-blooded killing and saddled Jackson with a reputation as a violent, vengeful man. As a result, he became a social outcast.[38]
After the Sevier affair and the duel, Jackson was looking for a way to salvage his reputation. He chose to align himself with former Vice President Aaron Burr, who after leaving office in 1805 went on a tour of the western United States. During that time he stayed for several days at the Hermitage.[39] Burr's true intentions are not known with certainty. He seems to have been planning a military operation to conquer Spanish Florida and drive the Spanish from Texas.[40] To many westerners like Jackson, the promise seemed enticing.[41] Western American settlers had long held bitter feelings towards the Spanish due to territorial disputes and the persistent failure of the Spanish to keep Indians living on their lands from raiding American settlements.[42] On October 4, 1806, Jackson addressed the Tennessee militia, declaring that the men should be "at a moment's warning ready to march."[43] On the same day, he wrote to James Winchester, proclaiming that the United States "can conquer not only the Floridas, but all Spanish North America." He continued:

I have a hope (Should their be a call) that at least, two thousand Volunteers can be lead into the field at a short notice—That number commanded by firm officers and men of enterprise—I think could look into Santafee and Maxico—give freedom and commerce to those provinces and establish peace, and a permanent barier against the inroads and attacks of forreign powers on our interior—which will be the case so long as Spain holds that large country on our borders.[44]

Jackson agreed to provide boats and other provisions for the expedition. However, on November 10, he learned from a military captain that Burr's plans apparently included seizure of New Orleans, then part of the Louisiana Territory of the United States, and incorporating it along with lands won from the Spanish into a new empire. He was further outraged when he learned from the same man of the involvement of Brigadier General James Wilkinson, whom he deeply disliked, in the plan.[45] Jackson acted cautiously at first, but wrote letters to numerous officials, including President Thomas Jefferson, vaguely warning them about the scheme. In December, Jefferson, a political opponent of Burr, issued a proclamation declaring that a treasonous plot was underway in the West and calling for the arrest of the perpetrators. Jackson, safe from arrest because of his extensive paper trail, organized the militia. Burr was soon captured, and the men were sent home.[46] Jackson traveled to Richmond, Virginia, to testify on Burr's behalf. The defense team decided against placing him on the witness stand, fearing his remarks were too provocative.[47] Burr was acquitted of treason, despite Jefferson's efforts to have him convicted. Jackson endorsed James Monroe for President in 1808 against James Madison, who was part of the Jeffersonian wing of the Democratic-Republican Party.[47]
Military career
War of 1812
Creek campaign and treaty
Main article: Creek War




Portrait by Ralph E. W. Earl, c. 1837


Leading up to 1812, the United States found itself increasingly drawn into international conflict. Formal hostilities with Spain or France never materialized, but tensions with Britain increased on account of a number of causes. Mainly, these were Britain's persistent impressment of U.S. sailors and interference with maritime trade during the Napoleonic Wars-which were seen as an offense against American honor and as a refusal to recognize American independence-, the encouragement of Indian raids against American settlements, and the desire of many Americans for more land, particularly British Canada and Florida, the latter still controlled by Spain, Britain's European ally.[48] On June 18, 1812, Congress officially declared war on the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beginning the War of 1812.[49] Jackson responded enthusiastically, sending a letter to Washington offering 2,500 volunteers.[50] However, the men were not called up for many months. Biographer Robert V. Remini claims that Jackson saw the apparent slight as payback by the Madison administration for his support for Burr and Monroe. Meanwhile, the United States military repeatedly suffered devastating defeats on the battlefield.[51]
On January 10, 1813, Jackson led an army of 2,071 volunteers[52] to New Orleans to defend the region against British and Native American attacks.[53][54][55] He was to serve under General Wilkinson, who commanded Federal forces in New Orleans. However, lacking adequate provisions, Wilkinson ordered Jackson to halt in Natchez, now part of the Mississippi Territory, and await further orders. Jackson reluctantly obeyed.[56] The newly appointed Secretary of War, John Armstrong Jr. sent a letter to Jackson dated February 6 ordering him dismiss his forces and to turn over his supplies to Wilkinson.[57] In reply to Armstrong on March 15, Jackson defended the character and readiness of his men, and promised to turn over his supplies. However, he also promised to, instead of dismissing the troops in Natchez, march them back to Nashville.[58] The march was filled with agony. Many of the men had fallen ill. According to Remini, "Jackson ordered his officers to turn over their horses to the sick, and he surrendered his own three horses for the duty. Trudging along his men day after day, never showing weariness or fatigue, he cheered the men with a word, a gesture, a sign of pride in them."[59] He paid for provisions for the men out of his own pocket.[60] The soldiers began referring to their commander as "Hickory" because of his toughness, and Jackson would eventually become known as "Old Hickory."[61] The army marched on average 18 miles per day, and arrived in Nashville within about a month. Jackson's actions earned him the widespread respect and praise of the people of Tennessee.[62] On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll against Jesse Benton. In September, Jackson and his top cavalry officer, Brigadier General John Coffee, were involved in a street brawl with Jesse and his brother, Thomas. Jackson was severely wounded by Jesse with a gunshot to the shoulder.[63]
On August 30, 1813, a group of Muscogee (also known as Creek Indians) called the Red Sticks, so named for the color of their war paint, perpetrated the Fort Mims massacre. The Red Sticks, led by chiefs Red Eagle and Peter McQueen, had broken away from the rest of the Creek Confederacy, which wanted peace with the United States. They were allied with Tecumseh, a Shawnee chief who had launched Tecumseh's War against the United States, and who was fighting alongside the British. During the massacre, hundreds of white American settlers and non-Red Stick Creeks were slaughtered. The resulting conflict became known as the Creek War.[54]




In the Treaty of Fort Jackson, the Muscogee surrendered large parts of present-day Alabama and Georgia.


Jackson, with 2,500 men, was ordered to crush the hostile Indians. On October 10, he set out on the expedition, his arm still in a sling. Jackson established Fort Strother as a supply base. On November 3, Coffee defeated a band of Red Sticks at the Battle of Tallushatchee.[64] Coming to the relief of friendly Creeks besieged by Red Sticks, Jackson won another decisive victory at the Battle of Talladega.[65] In the winter, Jackson, encamped at Fort Strother, faced a severe shortage of troops due to the expiration of enlistments and chronic desertions. He sent Coffee with the cavalry (which abandoned him) back to Tennessee to secure more enlistments. Jackson decided to combine his force with that of the Georgia militia. However, from January 22-24, 1814, while on their way, the Tennessee militia and allied Muscogee were attacked by the Red Sticks at the Battles of Emuckfaw and Enotachopo Creek. Jackson's troops repelled the attackers, but outnumbered, were forced to withdraw to Fort Strother.[66] Jackson, now with over 2,000 troops, marched most of his army south to confront the Red Sticks at a fortress they had constructed at a bend in the Tallapoosa River. On March 27, enjoying an advantage of more than 2 to 1, he engaged them at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend. An initial artillery barrage did little damage to the well-constructed fort. However, a subsequent Infantry charge, in addition to an assault by Coffee's cavalry and diversions caused by the friendly Creeks, overwhelmed the Red Sticks.[67]
The campaign ended three weeks later with Red Eagle's surrender, although some Red Sticks such as McQueen fled to East Florida.[68] On June 8, Jackson accepted a commission as brigadier general in the United States Army, and 10 days later he became a major general, in command of the Seventh Military Division.[69] Subsequently, Jackson, with Madison's approval, imposed the Treaty of Fort Jackson. The treaty required the Muscogee, including those who had not joined the Red Sticks, to surrender 23 million acres of land to the United States.[68] Though in ill-health from dysentery, Jackson turned his attention to defeating Spanish and British forces. Jackson accused the Spanish of arming the Red Sticks and of violating the terms of their neutrality by allowing British soldiers into the Floridas.[70] The first charge was true,[71] while the second ignored the fact that it was Jackson's threats to invade Florida which caused them to seek British protection.[72] In the November 7 Battle of Pensacola, Jackson defeated British and Spanish forces in a short skirmish. The Spanish surrendered and the British fled. Weeks later, he learned that the British were planning an attack on New Orleans, which sat on the mouth of the Mississippi River and held immense strategic and commercial value. Jackson abandoned Pensacola to the Spanish, placed a force in Mobile, Alabama to guard against a possible invasion there, and rushed the rest of his force west to defend the city.[73]
The Creeks coined their own name for Jackson, Jacksa Chula Harjo or "Jackson, old and fierce".[74]
Battle of New Orleans
Main article: Battle of New Orleans




The Battle of New Orleans. General Andrew Jackson stands on the parapet of his makeshift defenses as his troops repulse attacking Highlanders, by painter Edward Percy Moran in 1910.


After arriving in New Orleans on December 1,[75] Jackson instituted martial law in the city, as he worried about the loyalty of the city's Creole and Spanish inhabitants. At the same time, he formed an alliance with Jean Lafitte's smugglers, and formed military units consisting of African-Americans and Muscogees.[76] Jackson received some criticism for paying whites and non-whites the same salary.[77] These forces, along with U.S. Army regulars and volunteers from surrounding states, joined with Jackson's force in defending New Orleans. The approaching British force, led by Admiral Alexander Cochrane and later General Edward Pakenham, consisted of over 10,000 soldiers, many of whom had served in the Napoleonic Wars.[76] Jackson only had about 5,000 men.[78]
The British arrived on the east bank of the Mississippi River on the morning of December 23, 1814. That evening Jackson attacked the British and temporarily drove them back. On January 8, 1815, the British launched a major frontal assault against Jackson's defenses. Despite some success in attacking the right flank, the overall attack ended in disaster. For the battle on January 8, Jackson admitted to only 71 total casualties. Of these, 13 men were killed, 39 wounded, and 19 missing or captured. The British, however, admitted 2,037 casualties. Of these, 291 men were killed (including Pakenham), 1,262 wounded, and 484 missing or captured.[79] After the battle, the British retreated from the area, and open hostilities ended shortly thereafter when word spread that the Treaty of Ghent had been signed in Europe that December. Coming in the waning days of the war, Jackson's victory made him a national hero, as the country celebrated the end of what many called the "Second American Revolution" against the British.[80] By a Congressional resolution on February 27, 1815, Jackson was given the Thanks of Congress and awarded a Congressional Gold Medal.[81]
Alexis de Tocqueville ("underwhelmed" by Jackson according to a 2001 commentator) later wrote in Democracy in America that Jackson "was raised to the Presidency, and has been maintained there, solely by the recollection of a victory which he gained, twenty years ago, under the walls of New Orleans."[82]
Enforced martial law in New Orleans
Jackson ordered the arrest of U. S. District Court Judge Dominic A. Hall in March 1815, after the judge signed a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of a Louisiana legislator whom Jackson had arrested.[83] State senator Louis Louaillier had written an anonymous piece in the New Orleans newspaper, challenging Jackson's refusal to release the militia after the British ceded the field of battle.[84] Jackson had claimed the authority to declare martial law over the entire City of New Orleans, not merely his "camp".[85] Jackson did not relent his campaign of suppressing dissent until after ordering the arrest of a Louisiana legislator, a federal judge, and a lawyer, and after the intervention of State Judge Joshua Lewis. Lewis was simultaneously serving under Jackson in the militia, and also had signed a writ of habeas corpus against Jackson, his commanding officer, seeking Judge Hall's release.[86]
Civilian authorities in New Orleans had reason to fear Jackson—he summarily ordered the execution of six members of the militia. Their deaths were not revealed until the Coffin Handbills were circulated during his 1828 presidential campaign.[87]
First Seminole War
Main article: Seminole Wars




Trial of Robert Ambrister during the Seminole War. Ambrister was one of two British subjects executed by General Jackson. (1848)


Following the war, Jackson remained in command of Army forces on the southern border of the U.S. He conducted official business from The Hermitage.[88] He signed treaties with the Cherokee and Chickasaw which gained for the United States large parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.[89] The treaty with the Chickasaw, finally agreed to later in the year, is commonly known as the Jackson Purchase.[24]
Several Native American tribes, which became known as the Seminole, straddled the border between the U.S. and Florida. The Seminole, in alliance with escaped slaves, frequently raided Georgia before retreating back into Florida. These skirmishes continually escalated, and the conflict is now known as the First Seminole War.[90] In 1816, Jackson led a detachment into Florida which destroyed the Negro Fort, a community of escaped slaves and their descendants.[91] Jackson was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians. Jackson was also charged with preventing Spanish Florida from becoming a refuge for runaway slaves, after Spain promised freedom to fugitive slaves. Critics later alleged that Jackson exceeded orders in his Florida actions. His orders from President Monroe were to "terminate the conflict".[92] Jackson believed the best way to do this was to seize Florida from Spain once and for all. Before departing, Jackson wrote to Monroe, "Let it be signified to me through any channel ... that the possession of the Floridas would be desirable to the United States, and in sixty days it will be accomplished."[93]




1819 teracotta bust by William Rush of General Jackson


Jackson invaded Florida on March 15, 1818, capturing Pensacola. He crushed Seminole and Spanish resistance in the region and captured two British agents, Robert Ambrister and Alexander Arbuthnot. After a brief trial, Jackson executed both British agents, causing a diplomatic incident with the British. Jackson's actions polarized Monroe's cabinet, some of whom argued that Jackson had gone against Monroe's orders and violated the Constitution, since the United States had not declared war upon Spain. Yet Jackson was defended by Secretary of State John Quincy Adams. Adams thought that Jackson's conquest of Florida would force Spain to finally sell the province, and Spain did indeed sell Florida to the United States in the Adams–Onís Treaty of 1819. A congressional investigation exonerated Jackson, but Jackson was deeply angered by the criticism he received, particularly from Speaker of the House Henry Clay. After the ratification of the Adams–Onís Treaty in 1821, Jackson briefly served as the Governor of Florida before returning to Tennessee.[94]
Presidential aspirations
Election of 1824
Main article: United States presidential election, 1824




Jackson in 1824, painted by Thomas Sully


After returning to Tennessee, Jackson turned down an offer to run for governor of his home state, but accepted John Overton's plan to have the legislature nominate him for president. Jackson had come to detest Secretary of the Treasury William H. Crawford, who had been the most vocal critic of Jackson in Monroe's cabinet, and he hoped to prevent Tennessee's electoral votes from going to Crawford. Yet Jackson's nomination garnered a welcoming response even outside of Tennessee, as many Americans appreciated Jackson's attacks on banks. The Panic of 1819 had devastated the fortunes of many, and banks and politicians seen as supportive of banks were particularly unpopular. With his growing political viability, Jackson emerged as one of the five major presidential candidates, along with Crawford, Secretary of State Adams, Speaker of the House Henry Clay, and Secretary of War John C. Calhoun. During the Era of Good Feelings, the Federalist Party had faded away, and all five presidential contenders were members of the Democratic-Republican Party. Jackson's campaign promoted him as a defender of the common people, as well as the one candidate who could rise above sectional divisions. On the major issues of the day, most prominently the tariff, Jackson expressed centrist beliefs, and opponents accused him of obfuscating his positions.[95]
In 1823, Jackson allowed his name to be placed in contention for one of Tennessee's U.S. Senate seats, and the legislature narrowly elected him. His return, after 24 years, 11 months, 3 days out of office, marks the second longest gap in service to the chamber in history.[95][96]
Democratic-Republican presidential nominees had historically been chosen by informal Congressional nominating caucuses, but this method had become unpopular. In 1824, most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus. Those who attended backed Treasury Secretary William H. Crawford for President and Albert Gallatin for Vice President. A Pennsylvania convention nominated Jackson for President a month later, stating that the irregular caucus ignored the "voice of the people" and was a "vain hope that the American people might be thus deceived into a belief that he [Crawford] was the regular democratic candidate".[97] Gallatin criticized Jackson as "an honest man and the idol of the worshipers of military glory, but from incapacity, military habits, and habitual disregard of laws and constitutional provisions, altogether unfit for the office".[98] After Jackson won the Pennsylvania nomination, Calhoun dropped out of the presidential race and successfully sought the vice presidency instead.[99]
In the presidential election, Jackson won a plurality of the electoral vote, taking several southern and western states as well as the mid-Atlantic states of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. He was the only candidate to win states outside of his regional base, as Adams dominated New England, Clay took three western states, and Crawford won Virginia and Georgia. Jackson won a plurality of the popular vote, taking 42 percent, although not all states held a popular vote for the presidency. He won 99 electoral votes, more than any other candidates, but still short of 131, which he needed for a true majority. With no candidate having won a majority of the electoral, the House of Representatives held a contingent election under the terms of the Twelfth Amendment. The amendment specifies that only the top three electoral vote-winners are eligible to be elected by the House, so Clay was eliminated from contention. Jackson believed that he was likely to win this contingent election, as Crawford and Adams lacked Jackson's national appeal, and Crawford had suffered a debilitating stroke that made many doubt his physical fitness for the presidency. However, Clay saw Jackson as a dangerous demagogue who might topple the republic in favor of his own leadership. He threw his support behind Adams, who shared Clay's support for federally-funded internal improvements such as roads and canals. With Clay's backing, Adams won the contingent election on the first ballot. Furious supporters of Jackson accused Clay and Adams of having reached a "Corrupt Bargain" after Adams appointed Clay as his Secretary of State. After the election, Jackson resigned his Senate seat and returned to Tennessee.[100]
Election of 1828 and death of Rachel Jackson




1828 Electoral college results


Main articles: United States presidential election, 1828 and Andrew Jackson presidential campaign, 1828
Jackson was nominated for president by Tennessee legislature in October 1825, more than three years before the 1828 election. It was the earliest such nomination in presidential history, and it attested to the fact that Jackson's supporters began the 1828 campaign almost as soon as the 1824 campaign ended. Adams's presidency floundered, as his ambitious agenda faced defeat in a new era of mass politics. Senator Martin Van Buren, who had been a prominent supporter of Crawford in the 1824 election, emerged as one of the strongest opponents of Adams's policies, and he settled on Jackson as his preferred candidate in the 1828 election. Van Buren was joined by Vice President Calhoun, who also opposed much of Adams's agenda. Van Buren and other Jackson allies established numerous pro-Jackson newspapers and clubs around the country, while Jackson avoided campaigning but made himself available to visitors at his Hermitage plantation. In the election, Jackson won a commanding 56 percent of the popular vote and 68 percent of the electoral vote. The election marked the definitive end of the one-party Era of Good Feelings, as Jackson's supporters coalesced into the Democratic Party and Adams's followers became known as the National Republicans.[101]
The campaign was very much a personal one. As was the custom at the time, neither candidate personally campaigned, but their political followers organized many campaign events. Both candidates were rhetorically attacked in the press. Jackson was strongly attacked as a slave trader, who bought and sold slaves and moved them about in defiance of higher standards of slaveholder behavior.[102] A series of pamphlets known as the Coffin Handbills were published to attack Jackson. One revealed that he had ordered the execution of six soldiers at New Orleans.[103][87] Another accused him of engaging in cannibalism by eating the bodies of American Indians killed in battle,[104] while still another labeled his mother a "common prostitute" and stated that Jackson's father was a "mulatto man."[105]
Rachel Jackson was also a frequent target of attacks, and was widely accused of bigamy. The accusation was technically true; it was based on the legal status of Rachel's marriage and divorce from her former husband many years prior (1791 to 1794).[106] Jackson's campaigners fired back by claiming that while serving as Minister to Russia, Adams had procured a young girl to serve as a prostitute for the czar. They also stated that Adams had a billiard table in the White House and that he had charged the government for it.[107]
Rachel had been under extreme stress during the election, and she never did well when Jackson was away at war or work. Jackson blamed John Quincy Adams because Adams's supporters had repeatedly attacked the circumstances for Jackson's wedding to Rachel. Jackson described her symptoms as "excruciating pain in the left shoulder, arm, and breast".[108] After struggling for three days, Rachel finally died of a heart attack on December 22, 1828 three weeks after her husband's victory in the election (which began on October 31 and ended on December 2) and 10 weeks before Jackson took office as President. A distraught Jackson had to be pulled from her so the undertaker could prepare the body.[108] He felt that Adams' accusations had hastened her death and never forgave him.[109] Rachel was buried on Christmas Eve. "May God Almighty forgive her murderers," Jackson swore at her funeral. "I never can."[110]
Presidency 1829–1837
Main article: Presidency of Andrew Jackson




President Andrew Jackson
New York: Ritchie & Co. (1860)


Jackson's name has been associated with Jacksonian democracy or the shift and expansion of democracy with the passing of some political power from established elites to ordinary voters based in political parties. "The Age of Jackson" shaped the national agenda and American politics.[111] Jackson's philosophy as President was similar to that of Thomas Jefferson, advocating Republican values held by the Revolutionary War generation.Jackson took a moral tone, with the belief that agrarian sympathies, and a limited view of states rights and the federal government, would produce less corruption.[112] He feared that monied and business interests would corrupt republican values. When South Carolina opposed the tariff law, he took a strong line in favor of nationalism and against secession.[113]
Jackson believed that the president's authority was derived from the people. When selecting his Cabinet, instead of choosing party favorites, Jackson selected "plain, businessmen" whom he intended to control.[112] Jackson chose Martin Van Buren of New York as Secretary of State, John Eaton of Tennessee as Secretary of War, Samuel D. Ingham of Pennsylvania as Secretary of Treasury, John Branch of North Carolina as Secretary of Navy, John M. Berrien of Georgia as Attorney General, and William T. Barry of Kentucky as Postmaster General. Jackson's first choice of Cabinet proved to be unsuccessful, full of bitter partisanship and gossip.[114]
Inauguration
Main article: First inauguration of Andrew Jackson
On March 4, 1829, Andrew Jackson became the first United States president-elect to take the oath of office on the East Portico of the U.S. Capitol.[115] In his inaugural speech, Jackson promised to respect the sovereign powers of states and the constitutional limits of the presidency. He also promised to pursue "reform" by removing power from "unfaithful or incompetent hands." At the conclusion of the ceremony, Jackson invited the public to the White House, where his supporters held a raucous party. Thousands of spectators overwhelmed the White House staff, and minor damage was caused to fixtures and furnishings. Jackson's populism earned him the nickname "King Mob".[116]
Petticoat affair
Main article: Petticoat affair
Jackson devoted a considerable amount of his presidential time during his early years in office responding to what came to be known as the "Petticoat affair" or "Eaton affair".[117] Washington gossip circulated among Jackson's Cabinet members and their wives, including Vice President John C. Calhoun's wife Floride Calhoun, concerning Secretary of War John H. Eaton and his wife Peggy Eaton. Salacious rumors held that Peggy, as a barmaid in her father's tavern, had been sexually promiscuous or had even been a prostitute.[118] Controversy also ensued because Peggy had married soon after her previous husband's death, and it was alleged that she and her husband and engaged in an adulterous affair while her previous husband was still living.[119] Petticoat politics emerged when the wives of cabinet members, led by Mrs. Calhoun, refused to socialize with the Eatons. Allowing a prostitute in the official family was of course unthinkable—but Jackson refused to believe the rumors, telling his Cabinet that "She is as chaste as a virgin!"[118] Jackson believed that the dishonorable people were the rumormongers, who in essence questioned and dishonored Jackson himself by daring to tell him who he could and could not have in his cabinet. Jackson was also reminded of the attacks that were made against his wife. These memories increased his dedication to defending Peggy Eaton.[120]
Meanwhile, the Cabinet wives insisted that the interests and honor of all American women was at stake. They believed a responsible woman should never accord a man sexual favors without the assurance that went with marriage. A woman who broke that code was dishonorable and unacceptable. Historian Daniel Walker Howe notes that this was the feminist spirit that in the next decade shaped the woman's rights movement. Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, a widower, was already forming a coalition against Calhoun. He could now see his main chance to strike hard; he took the side of Jackson and Eaton.[121]
In the spring of 1831, Jackson, at Van Buren's suggestion, demanded the resignations of all the cabinet member except Postmaster General William T. Barry. Van Buren himself resigned to avoid the appearance of bias. In 1832, Jackson nominated Van Buren to be Minister to England. Calhoun blocked the nomination with a tie-breaking vote against it, claiming the defeated nomination would "...kill him, sir, kill dead. He will never kick, sir, never kick."[122] Van Buren, however, fully recovered and played a leading role in the Jackson's unofficial Kitchen Cabinet.[123]
Indian removal policy
Further information: Indian removal, Indian Removal Act, and Trail of Tears




Jackson's Indian Removal Act and subsequent treaties resulted in the forced removal of several Indian tribes from their traditional territories, including the Trail of Tears.


Since Jackson was a military commander, he had played a prominent role in Indian relations.[124] Throughout his eight years in office, Jackson made about 70 treaties with Native American tribes both in the South and the Northwest.[125] Jackson's presidency marked a new era in Indian-Anglo American relations initiating a policy of Indian removal.[122] Jackson himself sometimes participated in the treaty negotiating process with various Indian tribes, though other times he left the negotiations to his subordinates. The southern tribes included the Choctaw, Creek, Chickasaw, Seminole and the Cherokee. The northwest tribes include the Chippewa, Ottawa, and the Potawatomi.[126]
Relations between Indians and Americans increasingly grew tense and sometimes violent as a result of territorial conflicts.[122] Previous presidents had at times supported removal or attempts to "civilize" the Indians,[124] but generally let the problem play itself out with minimal intervention. There had developed a growing popular and political movement to deal with the issue, and out of this policy to relocate certain Indian populations. Jackson, never known for timidity, became an advocate for this relocation policy in what is considered by some historians to be the most controversial aspect of his presidency.[122]




Jackson painted by Earl, 1830


In his December 8, 1829, First Annual Message to Congress, Jackson advocated land west of the Mississippi River be set aside for Indian tribes. On May 26, 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which Jackson signed into law two days later. The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands farther west, outside of existing state borders.[125] The act specifically pertained to the Five Civilized Tribes in the South, the conditions being that they could either move west or stay and obey state law.[127]
Jackson, Eaton, and General Coffee negotiated with the Chickasaw, who quickly agreed to move.[128] Jackson put Eaton and Coffee in charge of negotiating with the Choctaw. Lacking Jackson's skills at negotiation, they frequently bribed to the chiefs in order to gain their submission. The tactics worked, and the chiefs agreed to move. The removal of the Choctaw took place in the winter of 1831 and 1832, and was wrought with misery and suffering.[129] The Seminole, despite the signing of the Treaty of Payne's Landing in 1832,[130] refused to move. In December 1835, this dispute began the Second Seminole War. The war lasted over six years, finally ending in 1842.[126] Members of the Creek Nation had signed the Treaty of Cusseta in 1832, agreeing to move their tribe.[131] However, the Creeks later resisted, leading to a second Creek War.[132]
The state of Georgia became involved in a contentious dispute with the Cherokee, culminating in the 1832 Supreme Court decision in Worcester v. Georgia. In that decision, U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Marshall, writing for the court, ruled that Georgia could not forbid whites from entering tribal lands, as it had attempted to do with two missionaries supposedly stirring up resistance amongst the tribespeople.[133] Jackson is frequently attributed the following response: "John Marshall has made his decision, now let him enforce it." The quote, apparently indicating Jackson's dismissive view of the courts, was attributed to Jackson by Horace Greeley, who cited as his source Representative George N. Briggs. Remini argues that Jackson did not say it because, while it "certainly sounds like Jackson...[t]here was nothing for him to enforce." This is because a writ of habeas corpus had never been issued for the missionaries.[134] Also, the Court did not ask federal marshals to carry out the decision, as had become standard.[135]
A group of Cherokees led by John Ridge negotiated the Treaty of New Echota. Ridge was not a widely recognized leader of the Cherokee, and this document was rejected by some as illegitimate.[136] Another faction, led by John Ross, unsuccessfully petitioned to protest the proposed removal.[137] The treaty was enforced by Jackson's successor, President Martin Van Buren, who sent 7,000 troops to carry out the relocation policy. Due to the infighting between political factions, many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered when the relocation began.;[138] subsequently, as many as 4,000 Cherokees died on the "Trail of Tears" in 1838.[139] More than 45,000 American Indians were relocated to the West during Jackson's administration, though a few Cherokees walked back afterwards or migrated to the high Smoky Mountains.[140] The Black Hawk War took place during Jackson's presidency in 1832 after a group of Indians crossed into U.S. territory.[141]
Jackson's initiatives to deal with the conflicts between Indians and American settlers has been a source of controversy. Starting around 1970, Jackson came under sharp attack from writers on the left, such as Howard Zinn, often on this issue. Zinn called him "the most aggressive enemy of the Indians in early American history"[142] and "exterminator of Indians."[143] In 1969 Francis Paul Prucha argued that Jackson's removal of the "Five Civilized Tribes" from the very hostile white environment in the Old South to Oklahoma probably saved their very existence.[144] Similarly, Remini argues that, if not for Jackson's policies, the Southern tribes would have been totally wiped out, just like other tribes-namely, the Yamasee, Mahican, and Narragansett-which did not move.[145]
Reforms, rotation of offices, and spoils system
Further information: Spoils system






File:JACKSON, Andrew-President (BEP engraved portrait).jpg
BEP engraved portrait of Jackson as president


In an effort to purge the government of corruption, Jackson launched presidential investigations into all executive Cabinet offices and departments.[146] He believed appointees should be hired on merit and withdrew many candidates he believed were lax in their handling of monies.[146] He asked Congress to reform embezzlement laws, reduce fraudulent applications for federal pensions, revenue laws to prevent evasion of custom duties, and laws to improve government accounting. Jackson's Postmaster Barry resigned after a Congressional investigation into the postal service revealed mismanagement of mail services, collusion and favoritism in awarding lucrative contracts, failure to audit accounts and supervise contract performances. Jackson replaced Barry with Treasury Auditor and prominent Kitchen Cabinet member Amos Kendall, who went on to implement much needed reforms in the Postal Service.[147]
Jackson repeatedly called for the abolition of the Electoral College by constitutional amendment in his annual messages to Congress as President.[148][149] In his third annual message to Congress, he expressed the view "I have heretofore recommended amendments of the Federal Constitution giving the election of President and Vice-President to the people and limiting the service of the former to a single term. So important do I consider these changes in our fundamental law that I can not, in accordance with my sense of duty, omit to press them upon the consideration of a new Congress."[150]
Jackson's time in the presidency also saw various improvements in financial provisions for veterans and their dependents. The Service Pension Act of 1832, for instance, provided pensions to veterans "even where there existed no obvious financial or physical need",[151] while an Act of July 1836 enabled widows of Revolutionary War soldiers who met certain criteria to receive their husband's pensions.[152] In 1836, Jackson established the ten-hour day in national shipyards.[153]
Jackson enforced the Tenure of Office Act, signed earlier by President Monroe in 1820, that limited appointed office tenure and authorized the president to remove and appoint political party associates. Jackson believed that a rotation in office was actually a democratic reform preventing father-to-son succession of office and made civil service responsible to the popular will.[154] Jackson declared that rotation of appointments in political office was "a leading principle in the republican creed".[148] Jackson noted, "In a country where offices are created solely for the benefit of the people no one man has any more intrinsic right to official station than another."[155] Jackson believed that rotating political appointments would prevent the development of a corrupt bureaucracy. The number of federal office holders removed by Jackson were exaggerated by his opponents; Jackson only rotated about 20% of federal office holders during his first term, some for dereliction of duty rather than political purposes.[156] Jackson, however, did use his image and presidential power to award loyal Democrats by granting them federal office appointments. Jackson's approach incorporated patriotism for country as qualification for holding office. Having appointed a soldier who had lost his leg fighting on the battlefield to a postmastership Jackson stated "If he lost his leg fighting for his country, that is ... enough for me."[157]
Jackson's theory regarding rotation of office generated what would later be called the spoils system.[154] The political realities of Washington, however, ultimately forced Jackson to make partisan appointments despite his personal reservations.[158] Historians believe Jackson's presidency marked the beginning of an era of decline in public ethics. Supervision of bureaus and departments whose operations were outside of Washington (such as the New York Customs House; the Postal Service; the Departments of Navy and War; and the Bureau of Indian Affairs, whose budget had increased enormously in the previous two decades) proved to be difficult.[159] Other aspects of the spoils system including the buying of offices, forced political party campaign participation, and collection of assessments, did not take place until after Jackson's presidency.[160]
Nullification crisis
Main article: Nullification Crisis
In 1828, Congress had approved the "Tariff of Abominations," which set the tariff at an historically high rate. Southern planters, who sold their cotton on the world market, strongly opposed this tariff, which they saw as favoring northern interests. The issue nonetheless came to a head during Jackson's presidency, resulting in the Nullification Crisis, in which South Carolina threatened disunion.[161]
The South Carolina Exposition and Protest of 1828, secretly written by Calhoun, asserted that their state had the right to "nullify"—declare void—the tariff legislation of 1828. Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate, he also vigorously supported a strong union, with effective powers for the central government. Jackson attempted to face down Calhoun over the issue, which developed into a bitter rivalry between the two men. One incident was at the April 13, 1830, Jefferson Day dinner, involving after-dinner toasts. Robert Hayne began by toasting to "The Union of the States, and the Sovereignty of the States". Jackson then rose, and in a booming voice added "Our federal Union: It must be preserved!" – a clear challenge to Calhoun. Calhoun clarified his position by responding "The Union: Next to our Liberty, the most dear!"[162]
In May 1830, Jackson discovered that Calhoun had asked President Monroe to censure then-General Jackson for his invasion of Spanish Florida in 1818 while Calhoun was serving as Secretary of War. Calhoun's and Jackson's relationship deteriorated further. By February 1831, the break between Calhoun and Jackson was final. Responding to inaccurate press reports about the feud, Calhoun had published letters between him and Jackson detailing the conflict in the United States Telegraph. Jackson and Calhoun began an angry correspondence which lasted until Jackson stopped it in July.[163] The Telegraph, edited by Duff Green, had previously supported Jackson. After it took the side of Calhoun, Jackson needed a new organ for the administration. He enlisted the help of longtime supporter Francis Preston Blair, who in November 1830 established a newspaper known as The Washington Globe, which from then on served as the official mouthpiece of the Democratic Party.[164]
On July 14, 1832, Jackson signed into law the Tariff of 1832. It was designed to placate the nullifiers by lowering tariff rates, but the nullifiers in South Carolina remained unsatisfied. On November 24, the South Carolina legislature officially nullified both the Tariff of 1832 and the Tariff of 1828.[165][166] In response, Jackson sent U.S. Navy warships to Charleston harbor, and threatened to hang any man who worked to support nullification or secession.[167] On December 28, 1832, with less than two months remaining in his term, Calhoun resigned as Vice President to become a U.S. Senator for South Carolina.[163]
In December 1832, Jackson issued a resounding proclamation against the "nullifiers", stating that he considered "the power to annul a law of the United States, assumed by one State, incompatible with the existence of the Union, contradicted expressly by the letter of the Constitution, unauthorized by its spirit, inconsistent with every principle on which it was founded, and destructive of the great object for which it was formed". South Carolina, the President declared, stood on "the brink of insurrection and treason", and he appealed to the people of the state to reassert their allegiance to that Union for which their ancestors had fought. Jackson also denied the right of secession: "The Constitution ... forms a government not a league ... To say that any State may at pleasure secede from the Union is to say that the United States is not a nation."[168]
Jackson asked Congress to pass a "Force Bill" explicitly authorizing the use of military force to enforce the tariff, but its passage was delayed until protectionists led by Clay agreed to a reduced Compromise Tariff. The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1, 1833, and Jackson signed both. The South Carolina Convention then met and rescinded its nullification ordinance, but in a final show of defiance, nullified the Force Bill.[169] On May 1, 1833, Jackson wrote, "the tariff was only the pretext, and disunion and southern confederacy the real object. The next pretext will be the negro, or slavery question."[169][170]
Foreign affairs




Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives successfully negotiated a reparations treaty with France in 1831.


Addressing the subject of foreign affairs in his First Annual Address to Congress, Jackson declared it to be his "settled purpose to ask nothing that is not clearly right and to submit to nothing that is wrong."[148]
When Jackson took office in 1829 spoliation claims, or compensation demands for the capture of American ships and sailors, dating from the Napoleonic era, caused strained relations between the U.S. and French governments. The French Navy had captured and sent American ships to Spanish ports while holding their crews captive forcing them to labor without any charges or judicial rules. According to Secretary of State Martin Van Buren, relations between the U.S. and France were "hopeless".[171] Jackson's Minister to France William C. Rives, however, through diplomacy was able to convince the French government to sign a reparations treaty on July 4, 1831, that would award the U.S. ₣ 25,000,000 ($5,000,000) in damages.[172] The French government became delinquent in payment due to internal financial and political difficulties. The French king Louis Philippe I and his ministers blamed the French Chamber of Deputies. By 1834, the non-payment of reparations by the French government drew Jackson's ire and he became impatient. In his December 1834 State of the Union address, Jackson sternly reprimanded the French government for non-payment, stating the federal government was "wholly disappointed" by the French, and demanded Congress authorize trade reprisals against France. Feeling insulted by Jackson's words, the French people demanded an apology. In his December 1835 State of the Union Address, Jackson refused to apologize, stating he had a good opinion of the French people and his intentions were peaceful. Jackson described in lengthy and minute detail the history of events surrounding the treaty and his belief that the French government was purposely stalling payment. The French government accepted Jackson's statements as sincere and in February 1836, American reparations were paid.[171]
In addition to France, the Jackson administration successfully settled spoliation claims with Denmark, Portugal, and Spain. Jackson's state department was active and successful at making trade agreements with Russia, Spain, Turkey, Great Britain, and Siam. Under the treaty of Great Britain, American trade was reopened in the West Indies. The trade agreement with Siam was America's first treaty between the United States and an Asiatic country. As a result, American exports increased 75% while imports increased 250%.[173]
Jackson's attempt to purchase Texas from Mexico for $5,000,000 failed. The chargé d'affaires in Mexico, Colonel Anthony Butler, suggested that the U.S. take Texas over militarily, but Jackson refused. Butler was later replaced toward the end of Jackson's presidency. In 1835, the Texas Revolution began when pro-slavery American settlers in Texas fought the Mexican government for Texan independence. By May 1836, they had routed the Mexican military, establishing an independent Republic of Texas. The new Texas government legalized slavery and demanded recognition from President Jackson and annexation into the United States. However, Jackson was hesitant recognizing Texas, unconvinced that the new republic could maintain independence from Mexico, and not wanting to make Texas an anti-slavery issue during the 1836 election. The strategy worked; the Democratic Party and national loyalties were held intact, and Van Buren was elected President. Jackson formally recognized the Republic of Texas, nominating a chargé d'affaires on the last full day of his Presidency, March 3, 1837.[173]
Jackson was unsuccessful in opening trade with China and Japan. He was unsuccessful at thwarting Great Britain's presence and power in South America.[173]
Bank veto and election of 1832
Main articles: Bank War; Banking in the Jacksonian Era; and United States presidential election, 1832




1832 Electoral College results






1833 Democratic cartoon shows Jackson destroying the Devil's bank


The 1832 presidential election demonstrated the rapid development and organization of political parties during this time period. The Democratic Party's first national convention, held in Baltimore, nominated Jackson's choice for vice president, Van Buren. The National Republican Party, who had held their first convention in Baltimore earlier in December 1831, nominated Henry Clay, now a senator from Kentucky, and John Sergeant of Pennsylvania.[174] The Anti-Masonic Party, which had earlier held its convention also in Baltimore in September 1831, nominated William Wirt of Maryland and Amos Ellmaker of Pennsylvania; both Jackson and Clay were Masons.[175]
In 1816 the Second Bank of the United States was chartered by President James Madison to restore the United States economy devastated by the War of 1812.[176] In 1823 President James Monroe appointed Nicholas Biddle, the Bank's third and last executive, to run the bank. Clay hoped to make the Bank an issue in the election, so as to accuse Jackson of going beyond his powers. In January 1832 Biddle submitted to Congress a renewal of the Bank's charter four years before the original 20-year charter was to end. Biddle's recharter bill passed the Senate on June 11 and the House on July 3, 1832. Jackson, believing that Bank was a fundamentally corrupt monopoly whose stock was mostly held by foreigners, vetoed the bill on July 10. Jackson used the issue to promote his democratic values, believing the Bank was being run exclusively for the wealthy. Jackson stated the Bank made "the rich richer and the potent more powerful."[174] The National Republican Party immediately made Jackson's veto of the Bank a political issue.[177] Jackson's political opponents castigated the veto as "the very slang of the leveller and demagogue," claiming Jackson was using class warfare to gain support from the common man.[174]
Jackson, however, managed to successfully portray his veto as a defense of the common man against governmental tyranny. Clay proved to be no match to Jackson's ability to resonate with the people and the Democratic Party's strong political networks. Democratic newspapers, parades, barbecues, and rallies increased Jackson's popularity. Jackson himself made numerous popular public appearances on his return trip from Tennessee to Washington D.C. Jackson won the election decisively by a landslide, receiving 54 percent of the popular vote and 219 electoral votes. Clay received 37 percent of the popular vote and 49 electoral votes. Wirt received only eight percent of the popular vote and seven electoral votes while the Anti-Masonic Party folded.[178] Jackson believed the solid victory was a popular mandate for his veto of the Bank's recharter and his continued warfare on the Bank's control over the national economy.[179]
Removal of deposits and censure
In 1833, Jackson attempted to began removing federal deposits from the bank, whose money-lending functions were taken over by the legions of local and state banks that materialized across America, thus drastically increasing credit and speculation.[180] Jackson's moves were greatly controversial. He removed his moderately pro-Bank Treasury Secretary Louis McLane, having him serve instead as Secretary of State, replacing Edward Livingston. He replaced McLane with William J. Duane.[181] However, in September he fired Duane for refusing to remove the deposits. He replaced him with Attorney General Roger B. Taney, a strong opponent of the Bank.[182] Under Taney, the deposits began to be removed.[180] Biddle responded by stockpiling the Bank's reserves and contracting credit, thus causing interest rates to rise and bringing about a financial panic. Intended to force Jackson into a compromise, the move backfired, increasing anti-Bank sentiment.[183][184]
In 1834, those who opposed Jackson's expansion of executive power united and formed the Whig Party, calling Jackson "King Andrew I," and named their party after the English Whigs who opposed eighteenth century British monarchy.[160] A movement emerged amongst Whigs in the Senate to censure Jackson. The censure was a political maneuver spearheaded by Jackson-rival Senator Henry Clay, which served only to perpetuate the animosity between him and Jackson.[185] Jackson called Clay "reckless and as full of fury as a drunken man in a brothel."[186] On March 28, the Senate voted to censure Jackson 26–20.[187] It also rejected Taney as Treasury Secretary.[188] Finally, on January 16, 1837, when the Jacksonians had a majority in the Senate, the censure was expunged after years of effort by Jackson supporters.[185] The expunction movement was led by Thomas Hart Benton, who, despite the brawl years earlier, had become an ardent supporter of the president.[189]
In 1836, in response to increased land speculation, Jackson issued the Specie Circular, an executive order that required buyers of government lands to pay in "specie" (gold or silver coins). The result was high demand for specie, which many banks could not meet in exchange for their notes, causing the Panic of 1837.[190] The White House Van Buren biography notes, "Basically the trouble was the 19th-century cyclical economy of "boom and bust", which was following its regular pattern, but Jackson's financial measures contributed to the crash. His destruction of the Second Bank of the United States had removed restrictions upon the inflationary practices of some state banks; wild speculation in lands, based on easy bank credit, had swept the West. To end this speculation, Jackson in 1836 had issued a Specie Circular..."[191]
Attack and assassination attempt




Richard Lawrence's attempt on Jackson's life, as depicted in an 1835 etching


The first recorded physical attack on a U.S. president was directed at Jackson. He had ordered the dismissal of Robert B. Randolph from the navy for embezzlement. On May 6, 1833, Jackson sailed on USS Cygnet to Fredericksburg, Virginia, where he was to lay the cornerstone on a monument near the grave of Mary Ball Washington, George Washington's mother. During a stopover near Alexandria, Randolph appeared and struck the President. He fled the scene chased by several members of Jackson's party, including the writer Washington Irving. Jackson declined to press charges.[16]
On January 30, 1835, what is believed to be the first attempt to kill a sitting President of the United States occurred just outside the United States Capitol. When Jackson was leaving through the East Portico after the funeral of South Carolina Representative Warren R. Davis, Richard Lawrence, an unemployed house painter from England, aimed a pistol at Jackson, which misfired. Lawrence pulled out a second pistol, which also misfired. Historians believe the humid weather contributed to the double misfiring.[192] Jackson, infuriated, attacked Lawrence with his cane. Others present, including Davy Crockett, restrained and disarmed Lawrence.[193]
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting. He blamed Jackson for the loss of his job. He claimed that with the President dead, "money would be more plenty" (a reference to Jackson's struggle with the Bank of the United States) and that he "could not rise until the President fell". Finally, he told his interrogators that he was a deposed English king—specifically, Richard III, dead since 1485—and that Jackson was his clerk.[194] He was deemed insane and was institutionalized.[195]
Afterwards, the pistols were tested and retested. Each time they performed perfectly. Many believed that Jackson had been protected by the same Providence that they believed also protected their young nation. The incident became a part of the Jacksonian mythos. Jackson initially suspected that a number of his political enemies may have orchestrated the attempt on his life. However, his suspicions were never proven.[196]
Anti-slavery tracts
During the summer of 1835, Northern abolitionists began sending anti-slavery tracts through the U.S. Postal system into the South.[197] Pro-slavery Southerners demanded that the postal service ban distribution of the materials, which were deemed "incendiary". Some rioting also broke out. Jackson wanted sectional peace, and desired to placate Southerners ahead of the 1836 election.[198] Jackson also fiercely disliked the abolitionists, whom he believed were, by instituting sectional jealousies, attempting to destroy the Union.[199] However, Jackson also did not want to condone open insurrection. He supported the solution of Postmaster General Amos Kendall, which gave Southern postmasters discretionary powers to either send or detain the anti-slavery tracts.[198] He subsequently called on Congress to prohibit the circulation through the South of "incendiary publications intended to instigate the slaves to insurrection."[200]
U.S. Exploring Expedition




USS Porpoise, a brig ship laid down in 1835 and launched in May 1836 by Secretary of Navy Dickerson; used in the U.S. Exploring Expedition


Jackson initially opposed any federal exploratory scientific expeditions during his first term in office.[201] The last scientific federally funded expeditions took place from 1817 to 1823, led by Stephen H. Harriman on the Red River of the North. Jackson's predecessor, President Adams, attempted to launch a scientific oceanic exploration in 1828, but Congress was unwilling to fund the effort. When Jackson assumed office in 1829 he pocketed Adams' expedition plans. However, wanting to establish his presidential legacy, similar to Thomas Jefferson and the Lewis and Clark Expedition, Jackson finally sponsored scientific exploration during his second term.[201] On May 18, 1836, Jackson signed a law creating and funding the oceanic United States Exploring Expedition. Jackson put Secretary of Navy Mahlon Dickerson in charge, to assemble suitable ships, officers, and scientific staff for the expedition; with a planned launch before Jackson's term of office expired. Dickerson however proved unfit for the task, preparations stalled and the expedition was not launched until 1838, during the presidency of Van Buren.[201] One brig ship, USS Porpoise, later used in the expedition; having been laid down, built, and commissioned by Secretary Dickerson in May 1836, circumnavigated the world, explored and mapped the Southern Ocean, confirming the existence of the Antarctica continent.[202]
Panic of 1837
Main article: Panic of 1837




A New York newspaper blamed the Panic of 1837 on Andrew Jackson, depicted in spectacles and top hat.


The national economy following the withdrawal of the remaining Funds from the Bank was booming and the federal government through duty revenues and sale of public lands was able to pay all bills. In January 1835, Jackson paid off the entire national debt, the only time in U.S. history that has been accomplished.[203][204] However, reckless speculation in land and railroads caused the Panic of 1837.[205] Contributing factors included Jackson's veto of the Second National Bank renewal charter in 1832 and subsequent transfer of federal monies to state banks in 1833 that caused Western Banks to relax their lending standards. Two other Jacksonian acts in 1836 contributed to the Panic of 1837: the Specie Circular, that mandated Western lands only be purchased by money backed by gold and silver, and the Deposit and Distribution Act, that transferred federal monies from Eastern to western state banks which in turn led to a speculation frenzy by banks.[205] Jackson's Specie Circular, albeit designed to reduce speculation and stabilize the economy, left many investors unable to afford to pay loans backed by gold and silver.[205] The same year there was a downturn in Great Britain's economy that stopped investment in the United States. As a result, the U.S. economy went into a depression, banks became insolvent, the national debt (previously paid off) increased, business failures rose, cotton prices dropped, and unemployment dramatically increased.[205] The depression that followed lasted for four years until 1841 when the economy began to rebound.[203][206]
Administration and cabinet


The Jackson[207] Cabinet


Office
Name
Term





President
Andrew Jackson
1829–1837


Vice President
John C. Calhoun
1829–1832


None
1832–1833


Martin Van Buren
1833–1837





Secretary of State
Martin Van Buren
1829–1831


Edward Livingston
1831–1833


Louis McLane
1833–1834


John Forsyth
1834–1837





Secretary of Treasury
Samuel D. Ingham
1829–1831


Louis McLane
1831–1833


William J. Duane
1833


Roger B. Taney
1833–1834


Levi Woodbury
1834–1837





Secretary of War
John H. Eaton
1829–1831


Lewis Cass
1831–1836





Attorney General
John M. Berrien
1829–1831


Roger B. Taney
1831–1833


Benjamin Franklin Butler
1833–1837





Postmaster General
William T. Barry
1829–1835


Amos Kendall
1835–1837





Secretary of the Navy
John Branch
1829–1831


Levi Woodbury
1831–1834


Mahlon Dickerson
1834–1837



Judicial appointments
Main article: List of federal judges appointed by Andrew Jackson
Jackson appointed six Justices to the Supreme Court of the United States.[208]
States admitted to the Union
Two new states were admitted into the Union during Jackson's presidency: Arkansas (June 15, 1836)[209] and Michigan (January 26, 1837).[210]
Later life and death




Photographic copy of an 1845 daguerreotype


After serving two terms as president, Jackson retired to his Hermitage plantation in 1837, and immediately began putting it in order as it had been poorly managed in his absence by his adopted son, Andrew Jr. Although he suffered ill health, Jackson remained influential in both national and state politics.[211] He was a firm advocate of the federal union of the states and rejected any talk of secession, insisting, "I will die with the Union."[212] Blamed for causing the Panic of 1837, he was unpopular in his early retirement. Jackson continued to denounce the "perfidy and treachery" of banks and urged his successor, Van Buren, to repudiate the Specie Circular as president.[211]
As a solution to the panic, he supported an Independent Treasury system, which was designed to hold the money balances of the government in the form of gold or silver and would be restricted from printing paper money so as to prevent further inflation.[213] However, a coalition of conservative Democrats and Whigs opposed the bill, and it was not passed until 1840. During the delay, no effective remedy had been implemented for the depression. Van Buren grew deeply unpopular. A unified Whig Party nominated popular war hero William Henry Harrison and former Jacksonian John Tyler in the 1840 presidential election. The Whigs' campaign style in many ways mimicked that of the Democrats during Jackson's campaigns. They depicted Van Buren as an aristocrat who did not care for the concerns of ordinary Americans, while glorifying Harrison's military record and portraying him as a man of the people. Jackson campaigned heavily for Van Buren in Tennessee.[214] He favored the nomination of James K. Polk of Tennessee for vice president at the 1840 Democratic National Convention over unpopular incumbent Richard Mentor Johnson. However, no nominee was chosen, and the party chose to leave the decision up to individual state electors.[215]
Harrison won the election, and the Whigs captured majorities in both houses of Congress. "The democracy of the United States has been shamefully beaten," Jackson wrote to Van Buren. "but I trust, not conquered."[216] However, Harrison died only a month into his term, and was replaced by Tyler. Jackson was encouraged because Tyler was known to act as an independent and not be bound by party lines.[217] Sure enough, Tyler quickly incurred the wrath of the Whig Party in 1841 when he vetoed two Whig-sponsored bills to establish a new national bank, bringing great satisfaction to Jackson and other Democrats.[218] After the second veto, Tyler's entire cabinet, with the exception of Daniel Webster, resigned.[219]
Jackson strongly favored the annexation of Texas, a feat he had been unable to accomplish during his own presidency. While Jackson still feared that annexation would stir up anti-slavery sentiment, his belief that the British would use Texas as a base to re-conquer the United States overrode his other concerns.[220] He also insisted that Texas was part of the Louisiana Purchase and therefore rightfully belonged to the United States.[221] At the request of Senator Robert J. Walker of Mississippi, acting on behalf of the Tyler administration, which also supported annexation, Jackson wrote several letters to Texas President Sam Houston, urging him to wait for the Senate to approve annexation and lecturing him on how much being a part of the United States would benefit Texas.[222] Initially, Jackson again supported Van Buren for president in 1844 and Polk for vice president. When a letter from Calhoun to British Ambassador Richard Pakenham linking annexation to slavery was made public, Van Buren was moved into writing the "Hamlet letter," opposing annexation. This effectively extinguished any support that Van Buren might previously have enjoyed in the South. Jackson then threw his support behind Polk for the nomination. At the 1844 Democratic National Convention, Polk emerged as the party's nominee after Van Buren failed to win the required two-thirds majority of delegates. George M. Dallas was selected for vice president. Jackson convinced Tyler to drop his plans of running for re-election as an independent by promising, as Tyler requested, to welcome the president and his allies back into the Democratic Party and by instructing Blair to stop criticizing the president.[223] With Jackson's support, Polk won the 1844 presidential election, narrowly defeating the Whig nominee, Henry Clay.[220] A bill of annexation was finally signed by Tyler on March 1, 1845.[224]
Jackson died at his plantation on June 8, 1845, at the age of 78, of chronic tuberculosis, dropsy, and heart failure. According to a newspaper account from the Boon Lick Times, "[he] fainted whilst being removed from his chair to the bed ... but he subsequently revived ... Gen. Jackson died at the Hermitage at 6 o'clock P.M. on Sunday the 8th instant. ... When the messenger finally came, the old soldier, patriot and Christian was looking out for his approach. He is gone, but his memory lives, and will continue to live."[225]
In his will, Jackson left his entire estate to his adopted son, Andrew Jackson Jr., except for specifically enumerated items that were left to various friends and other family members.[226]
Personal life
Family
Jackson had three adopted sons: Theodore, an Indian about whom little is known,[227] Andrew Jackson Jr., the son of Rachel's brother Severn Donelson, and Lyncoya, a Creek Indian orphan adopted by Jackson after the Battle of Tallushatchee. Lyncoya died of tuberculosis on July 1, 1828, at the age of sixteen.[228]
The Jacksons also acted as guardians for eight other children. John Samuel Donelson, Daniel Smith Donelson, and Andrew Jackson Donelson were the sons of Rachel's brother Samuel Donelson, who died in 1804. Andrew Jackson Hutchings was Rachel's orphaned grand nephew. Caroline Butler, Eliza Butler, Edward Butler, and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler, a family friend. They came to live with the Jacksons after the death of their father.[229]
The widower Jackson invited Rachel's niece Emily Donelson to serve as hostess at the White House. Emily was married to Andrew Jackson Donelson, who acted as Jackson's private secretary and in 1856 ran for Vice President on the American Party ticket. The relationship between the President and Emily became strained during the Petticoat affair, and the two became estranged for over a year. They eventually reconciled and she resumed her duties as White House hostess. Sarah Yorke Jackson, the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr., became co-hostess of the White House in 1834. It was the only time in history when two women simultaneously acted as unofficial First Lady. Sarah took over all hostess duties after Emily died from tuberculosis in 1836. Jackson used Rip Raps as a retreat.[230]
Temperament




Tennessee Gentleman, portrait of Jackson, c. 1831, from the collection of The Hermitage


Jackson's quick temper was notorious. Biographer H. W. Brands notes that his opponents were terrified of his temper: "Observers likened him to a volcano, and only the most intrepid or recklessly curious cared to see it erupt. ...His close associates all had stories of his blood-curdling oaths, his summoning of the Almighty to loose His wrath upon some miscreant, typically followed by his own vow to hang the villain or blow him to perdition. Given his record—in duels, brawls, mutiny trials, and summary hearings—listeners had to take his vows seriously."[231]
On the last day of the presidency, Jackson admitted that he had but two regrets, that he "had been unable to shoot Henry Clay or to hang John C. Calhoun."[232] Remini[who?] is of the opinion that Jackson was often in control of his rage, and that he used it, along with his fearsome reputation, as a tool to get what he wanted.[233]
Physical appearance
Jackson was a lean figure, standing at 6 feet, 1 inch (1.85 m) tall, and weighing between 130 and 140 pounds (64 kg) on average. Jackson also had an unruly shock of red hair, which had completely grayed by the time he became president at age 61. He had penetrating deep blue eyes. Jackson was one of the more sickly presidents, suffering from chronic headaches, abdominal pains, and a hacking cough. Much of his trouble was caused by a musket ball in his lung that was never removed, that often brought up blood and sometimes made his whole body shake.[234]
Religious faith
In 1838, Jackson became a member of the First Presbyterian Church in Nashville.[235]
Jackson was a Freemason, initiated at Harmony Lodge No. 1 in Tennessee; he also participated in chartering several other lodges in Tennessee. He was the only U.S. president to have served as Grand Master of a state's Grand Lodge until Harry S. Truman in 1945. His Masonic apron is on display in the Tennessee State Museum. An obelisk and bronze Masonic plaque decorate his tomb at The Hermitage.[236][237][238]
Legacy and memory
Historical reputation




Equestrian statue of Gen. Jackson, Jackson County Courthouse, Kansas City, Missouri, commissioned by Judge Harry S. Truman


Jackson remains one of the most studied and controversial figures in American history.[239][240] Historian Charles Grier Sellers says, "Andrew Jackson's masterful personality was enough by itself to make him one of the most controversial figures ever to stride across the American stage."[241] His most controversial presidential actions included removal of the Indians from the southeast, the dismantling of the Bank of the United States, and his threat to use military force against the state of South Carolina to make it stop nullifying federal laws. Not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the British at New Orleans in the last battle of the War of 1812. He was the main founder of the modern Democratic Party and became its iconic hero. He was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.[242]
Jackson was criticised by his contemporary Alexis de Tocqueville in Democracy in America for flattering the dominant ideas of his time, including the mistrust over the federal power, for sometimes enforcing his view by force and disrespect towards the institutions and the law:


“
Far from wishing to extend the Federal power, the President belongs to the party which is desirous of limiting that power to the clear and precise letter of the Constitution, and which never puts a construction upon that act favorable to the government of the Union; far from standing forth as the champion of centralization, General Jackson is the agent of the state jealousies; and he was placed in his lofty station by the passions that are most opposed to the central government. It is by perpetually flattering these passions that he maintains his station and his popularity. General Jackson is the slave of the majority: he yields to its wishes, its propensities, and its demands—say, rather, anticipates and forestalls them. (...)
General Jackson stoops to gain the favor of the majority; but when he feels that his popularity is secure, he overthrows all obstacles in the pursuit of the objects which the community approves or of those which it does not regard with jealousy. Supported by a power that his predecessors never had, he tramples on his personal enemies, whenever they cross his path, with a facility without example; he takes upon himself the responsibility of measures that no one before him would have ventured to attempt. He even treats the national representatives with a disdain approaching to insult; he puts his veto on the laws of Congress and frequently neglects even to reply to that powerful body. He is a favorite who sometimes treats his master roughly.

”


— Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America, 1835, Volume I, Chapter XVIII


Brands observes that Jackson's reputation declined after the mid-20th century as his actions towards Indians and African Americans received new attention. After the Civil Rights movement, Brand writes, "his unrepentant ownership of slaves marked him as one to be censured rather than praised."[243] Further, "By the turn of the present [21st] century, it was scarcely an exaggeration to say that the one thing American schoolchildren learned about Jackson was that he was the author of the Trail of Tears."[243]
On a more favorable note, Remini argues that Jacksonian democracy..."stretches the concept of democracy about as far as it can go and still remain workable....As such it has inspired much of the dynamic and dramatic events of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries in American history—Populism, Progressivism, the New and Fair Deals, and the programs of the New Frontier and Great Society."[244]
Jackson has long been honored, along with Thomas Jefferson, in the Jefferson–Jackson Day fundraising dinners. Each year, the dinner has been held by state Democratic Party organizations to honor the two men whom the party regards as its founders. However, due to the fact that both Jefferson and Jackson were slave owners, as well as Jackson's Indian removal policies, many state party organizations have renamed the dinners.[245][246]
Portrayal on banknotes and stamps




Jackson portrait on obverse $20 bill


Jackson has appeared on U.S. banknotes as far back as 1869, and extending into the 21st century. His image has appeared on the $5, $10, $20 and $10,000 note. Most recently, his image appears on the U.S. $20 Federal reserve note, Series 2004-2006, with a redesigned, larger portrait. In 2016, Treasury Secretary Jack Lew announced his goal that by 2020 an image of Harriet Tubman would replace Jackson's depiction on the front side of the $20 banknote, and that an image of Jackson would be placed on the reverse side, though the final decision will be made by his successors.[247][248]
Jackson has appeared on 13 different U.S. postage stamps. Only George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Benjamin Franklin have appeared more often.[249][250] He first appeared on an 1863 2-Cent stamp, which is commonly referred to by collectors as the Black Jack due to the large portraiture of Jackson on its face printed in pitch black.[251] During the American Civil War the Confederate government also issued two Confederate postage stamps bearing Jackson's portrait, one a 2-cent red stamp and the other a 2-cent green stamp, both issued in 1863.[252]
Memorials
Main article: List of memorials to Andrew Jackson




The tomb of Andrew and Rachel Jackson located at The Hermitage


Numerous counties and cities are named after him, including the city of Jacksonville in Florida and North Carolina; the city of Jackson in Louisiana, Michigan, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee; Jackson County in Florida, Illinois, Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Oregon; and Jackson Parish in Louisiana.[253]
Memorials to Jackson include a set of four identical equestrian statues by the sculptor Clark Mills: in Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.; in Jackson Square, New Orleans; in Nashville on the grounds of the Tennessee State Capitol; and in Jacksonville, Florida.[254] Other equestrian statues of Jackson have been erected elsewhere, as in the State Capitol grounds in Raleigh, North Carolina. That statue controversially identifies him as one of the "presidents North Carolina gave the nation," and he is featured alongside James Polk and Andrew Johnson, both U.S. presidents born in North Carolina.[255] There is a bust of Andrew Jackson in Plaza Ferdinand VII in Pensacola, Florida, where he became the first governor of the Florida Territory in 1821.[256]
Popular culture depictions
Jackson and his wife Rachel were the main subjects of a 1951 historical novel by Irving Stone, The President's Lady, which told the story of their lives up until Rachel's death. The novel was the basis for the 1953 film of the same name starring Charlton Heston as Jackson and Susan Hayward as Rachel.[257][258]
Jackson has been a supporting character in a number of historical films and television productions. Lionel Barrymore played Jackson in The Gorgeous Hussy (1936), a fictionalized biography of Peggy Eaton starring Joan Crawford.[259] The Buccaneer (1938), depicting the Battle of New Orleans, included Hugh Sothern as Jackson,[260] and was remade in 1958 with Heston again playing Jackson.[261] Basil Ruysdael played Jackson in Walt Disney's 1955 Davy Crockett TV miniseries.[262] Wesley Addy appeared as Jackson in some episodes of the 1976 PBS miniseries The Adams Chronicles.[263]
Jackson is the protagonist of the comedic historic rock musical Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson (2008) with music and lyrics by Michael Friedman and book by Alex Timbers.[264]
See also





Book: Presidents of the United States (1789–1860)






Biography portal
United States Army portal



List of United States Presidents on currency
U.S. presidents on U.S. postage stamps


References


^ "Andrew Jackson". Information Services Branch, State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on February 10, 2009. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Cottage and US Rangers Centre". Northern Ireland Tourist Board. Archived from the original on October 25, 2007. Retrieved April 11, 2017. 
^ Gullan, Harold I. (2004). First fathers: the men who inspired our Presidents. Hoboken, N.J.: John Wiley & Sons. pp. xii, 308. ISBN 0-471-46597-6. OCLC 53090968. Retrieved January 14, 2010. 
^ Jackson, Elmer Martin (1985). Keeping the lamp of remembrance lighted: a genealogical narrative with pictures and charts about the Jacksons and their allied families. Maryland: Hagerstown Bookbinding and Printing Co. p. 9. 
^ Booraem 2001, p. 9.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 14-16.
^ Collings, Jeffrey (March 7, 2011). "Old fight lingers over Old Hickory's roots". The Washington Post. Archived from the original on January 27, 2017. Retrieved June 29, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 15.
^ a b Remini 1977, pp. 15-17.
^ a b "Andrew Jackson". Biography.com. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved April 23, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 21.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 21-23.
^ Phillips, Jimmy. "Family Group Sheet of Andrew Jackson & Elizabeth Hutchinson". Western Kentucky History. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved April 22, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 23.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 24-25.
^ a b Paletta & Worth 1988.
^ Case, Steven (2009). "Andrew Jackson". State Library of North Carolina. Archived from the original on June 18, 2017. Retrieved July 20, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 18-19.
^ Kathleen Kennedy; Sharon Rena Ullman (2003). Sexual Borderlands: Constructing an American Sexual Past. Ohio State University Press. pp. 99–101. ISBN 978-0-8142-0927-1. Archived from the original on April 7, 2015. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 17-25.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 22-23.
^ "Early Marriages: Frontier Marriages (Common Law Marriage)". Ancestor.com. August 17, 2008. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Walter T. Durham, Before Tennessee: The Southwest Territory; Piney Flats, TN: Rocky Mount Historical Association, 1990; pp. 218–19.
^ a b Semmer, Blythe. "Jackson Purchase, Tennessee Encyclopedia of History and Culture". Tennessee Historical Society. Archived from the original on August 7, 2016. Retrieved April 12, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 19-20.
^ "Andrew Jackson". Biograhical Directory of the U.S. Congress. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 113.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 114.
^ Remini 1977, p. 131.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 21-22.
^ Remini 1977, p. 119.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 119-124.
^ "Jackson as Judge and General; More East-West Feuding (1798-1804)". University of Groningen. Archived from the original on December 2, 2016. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ Cumfer, Cynthia (2007). Separate peoples, one land: The minds of Cherokees, Blacks, and Whites on the Tennessee frontier. Chapel Hill, NC: University of North Carolina Press. p. 140. ISBN 978-0-8078-3151-9. 
^ Cheathem 2011, pp. 326-338.
^ Remini (2000), p. 51, cites 1820 census; mentions later figures up to 150 without noting a source.
^ a b c d "Andrew Jackson's Enslaved Laborers". Andrew Jackson Foundation. Archived from the original on September 12, 2014. Retrieved April 13, 2017. 
^ Brands 2005, pp. 139-143.
^ Remini 1977, p. 146.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 145-147.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 147-148.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 47-48.
^ Remini 1977, p. 148.
^ "Andrew Jackson to James Winchester, October 4, 1806". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 25, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 150-151.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 151-158.
^ a b Remini 1977, p. 158.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 165-169.
^ "An Act Declaring War Between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the Dependencies Thereof and the United States of America and Their Territories". Yale Law School: Lillian Goldman Law Library. June 18, 1812. Archived from the original on December 6, 2016. Retrieved July 11, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 169.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 170.
^ Remini 1977, p. 173.
^ "General orders .... Andrew Jackson. Major-General 2d Division, Tennessee. November 24, 1812.". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved June 27, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 23-25.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Journal of trip down the Mississippi River, January 1813 to March 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 3, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, pp. 174-175.
^ "John Armstrong to Andrew Jackson, February 6, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ "Andrew Jackson to John Armstrong, March 15, 1813". Jackson Papers, LOC. Retrieved July 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 179.
^ Brands 2005, p. 186.
^ Remini 1977, p. 180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 179-180.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 180-186.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 192-193.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 25-28.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 791-793.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 213-216.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 27-28.
^ Remini 1977, p. 222.
^ Remini 1977, p. 240.
^ Adams 1986, pp. 228-229.
^ Remini 1977, p. 241.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 241-245.
^ Jahoda, Gloria (1975). The Trail of Tears: The Story of the American Indian Removals 1813–1855. New York: Holt, Rinehart and Winston. ISBN 0-03-014871-5. 
^ Remini 1977, p. 247.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-30.
^ Remini 1977, p. 254.
^ Remini 1977, p. 274.
^ Remini 1977, p. 285.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 29-33.
^ "JACKSON, Andrew – Biographical Information". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. Congress of the United States. Archived from the original on December 18, 2013. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Leeden 2001, pp. 32-33.
^ Martin 1829, pp. 387-495.
^ Warshauer 2006, p. 32.
^ Louaillier, Louis (1827). The Appeal of Louis Louaillier, Sen., Against the Charge of High Treason. New Orleans. Archived from the original on December 14, 2014. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ Eaton, Fernin F. "For Whom the Drone Tolls or What if Andrew Jackson had Drones at the Battle of New Orleans, A Bit of Bicentennial Mischief". Academia. Retrieved March 13, 2014. 
^ a b "Some account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson". Library of Congress. 1828. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 36.
^ Remini 1977, pp. 332-340.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 36-37.
^ Brands 2005, pp. 325-327.
^ Remini 1977, p. 118.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 66.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 37-40.
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 41-45.
^ Ostermeier, Eric (December 4, 2013). "Bob Smith and the 12-Year Itch". Smart Politics. Archived from the original on January 29, 2016. 
^ Rutland 1995, pp. 48-49.
^ Adams 1879, p. 599.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 44-45.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 45-49.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 49-54.
^ Cheathem, Mark (2014). "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign". The Readex Report. 9 (3). Archived from the original on January 12, 2015. 
^ "The Tsunami of Slime Circa 1828". New York News & Politics. New York Media LLC. Archived from the original on March 23, 2016. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Taliaferro, John (1828). "Supplemental account of some of the bloody deeds of General Jackson, being a supplement to the "Coffin handbill"". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on June 28, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ Remini 1981, p. 134.
^ First Lady Biography: Rachel Jackson Archived March 11, 2010, at the Wayback Machine. National First Ladies Library. Web. Retrieved February 15, 2016.
^ McNamara, Robert. "The Election of 1828 Was Marked By Dirty Tactics". About Education. About.com. Archived from the original on January 1, 2017. Retrieved June 1, 2017. 
^ a b Brands 2005, p. 405.
^ Robert Remini, John Quincy Adams (2002) p. 119
^ Boller 2004, p. 46.
^ Latner 2002, p. 101.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 104.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-65.
^ Latner 2002, p. 105.
^ "Inaugurals of Presidents of the United States: Some Precedents and Notable Events". Library of Congress. Archived from the original on July 1, 2016. Retrieved April 18, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 55-56.
^ Latner 2002, p. 107.
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 115.
^ Marszalek 2000, p. 84.
^ Bates 2015, p. 315.
^ Howe 2007, pp. 337-339.
^ a b c d Latner 2002, p. 108.
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 171-175.
^ a b Rutland 1995, pp. 199-200.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 109.
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 110.
^ Remini 1981, p. 269.
^ Remini 1981, p. 271.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 272-273.
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (May 9, 1832). "Treaty with the Seminole, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on October 5, 2006. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Kappler, Charles J., ed. (March 24, 1832). "Treaty with the Creeks, 1832". Oklahoma State University. Archived from the original on January 8, 2009. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 303-304.
^ Remini 1988, p. 216.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 276-277.
^ Berutti 1992, pp. 305-306.
^ "Historical Documents – The Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historicaldocuments.com. Archived from the original on October 19, 2008. Retrieved November 1, 2008. 
^ "Indian Removal". Judgment Day. PBS. Archived from the original on April 18, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "Andrew Jackson Speaks: Indian Removal". The Nomadic Spirit. Archived from the original on December 10, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ "The Trail of Tears". PBS. Archived from the original on June 27, 2017. Retrieved June 8, 2017. 
^ "Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians – History". Cherokee-nc.com. Archived from the original on December 28, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 278-279.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 127.
^ Zinn 1980, p. 130.
^ Francis Paul Prucha, "Andrew Jackson's Indian policy: a reassessment". Journal of American History (1969) 56#3 pp 527-539. in JSTOR Archived March 3, 2016, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Remini 1984, p. 574.
^ a b Ellis 1974, pp. 65–66.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 67.
^ a b c "Andrew Jackson's First Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on February 26, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Second Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ "Andrew Jackson's Third Annual Message to Congress". The American Presidency Project. Archived from the original on March 11, 2008. Retrieved March 14, 2008. 
^ Boulton, Mark B. (2013). "Benefits, Veteran". In Piehler, G. Kurt; Johnson, M. Houston, V. Encyclopedia of Military Science. Thousand Oaks: SAGE Publications. ISBN 978-1-4129-6933-8. Archived from the original on December 8, 2015. 
^ Lewis, J. D. NC Patriots 1775–1783: Their Own Words. 1 – The NC Continental Line. pp. 193–94. ISBN 978-1-4675-4808-3. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. 
^ Allan Nevins; Henry Steele Commager; Jeffrey Morris. "A Pocket History of the United States". Books.google.co.uk. p. 168. Archived from the original on September 19, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 61.
^ "The Power of the Presidency: The Spoils System". Andrew Jackson – The Good, Evil & The Presidency – Special Features – PBS.org. Red Hill Productions and Community Television of Southern California. Archived from the original on January 16, 2014. Retrieved January 16, 2014. 
^ Ellis 1974, pp. 61–62.
^ Sabato, Larry; O'Connor, Karen (2006). American Government: Continuity and Change. New York: Pearson Longman. p. 293. ISBN 978-0-321-31711-7. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 328-334.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 65.
^ a b Ellis 1974, p. 62.
^ Wilentz 2005, pp. 63-64.
^ Ogg 1919, p. 164.
^ a b "John C. Calhoun, 7th Vice President (1825–1832)". United States Senate. Archived from the original on March 3, 2016. Retrieved May 7, 2016. 
^ Remini 1981, pp. 291-299.
^ "The South Carolina Nullification Controversy". U.S. History.org. Archived from the original on March 15, 2017. Retrieved March 15, 2017. 
^ "South Carolina Ordinance of Nullification, November 24, 1832". The Avalon Project. Archived from the original on August 19, 2016. Retrieved August 22, 2016. 
^ Howe 2007, pp. 405–406.
^ Syrett, 36. See also: "President Jackson's Proclamation Regarding Nullification, December 10, 1832". Archived from the original on August 24, 2006. Retrieved August 10, 2006. 
^ a b Meacham 2008, p. 247.
^ Jackson 1926, p. 72.
^ a b Latner 2002, pp. 119–20.
^ Cunningham, Hugo S. (1999). "Gold and Silver Standards France". Archived from the original on August 18, 2014. Retrieved August 28, 2014. 
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 120.
^ a b c Latner 2002, p. 112.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–113.
^ Latner 2002, p. 111.
^ Latner 2002, pp. 112–13.
^ Latner 2002, p. 113.
^ Ellis 1974, p. 63.
^ a b Bogart 1907, pp. 219-221.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 57-58; 171.
^ Wilentz 2006, p. 395.
^ Hill, Andrew T. (February 5, 2015). "The Second Bank of the United States (1816–1841)". Federal Reserve History. Archived from the original on July 11, 2017. Retrieved July 8, 2017. 
^ Wilentz 2006, pp. 396-400.
^ a b Brands, H. W. (March 21, 2006). "Be Sure Before You Censure". The New York Times. Archived from the original on November 29, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Brands 2005, p. 502.
^ "Senate Censures President". U.S. Senate: Art & History – Historical Minutes – 1801–1850. United States Senate. Archived from the original on December 14, 2013. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984, pp. 170-172.
^ "Expunged Senate censure motion against President Andrew Jackson, January 16, 1837". Andrew Jackson – National Archives and Records Administration, Records of the U.S. Senate. The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration. Archived from the original on November 3, 2014. Retrieved February 21, 2014. 
^ Rorabaugh, Critchlow & Baker 2004, p. 210.
^ Friedel, Frank; Sidey, Hugh (2006). "Our Presidents – The White House". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on April 17, 2017. Retrieved April 20, 2017. 
^ Jon Grinspan. "Trying to Assassinate Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on October 24, 2008. Retrieved November 11, 2008. 
^ Glass, Andrew (January 30, 2008). "Jackson escapes assassination attempt Jan. 30, 1835". POLITICO. Archived from the original on April 7, 2017. Retrieved May 18, 2017. 
^ Bates 2010, p. 513.
^ Remini 1984, p. 229.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 229-230.
^ Latner 2002, p. 117.
^ a b Remini 1984, pp. 258-263.
^ Brands 2005, p. 554.
^ Remini 1984, p. 261.
^ a b c Mills 2003, p. 705.
^ "USS Porpoise (1836-1854)". U.S. Navy. 2014. Archived from the original on October 2, 2013. Retrieved November 27, 2014. 
^ a b Smith, Robert (April 15, 2011). "When the U.S. paid off the entire national debt (and why it didn't last)". Planet Money. NPR. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
^ "Our History". Bureau of the Public Debt. November 18, 2013. Archived from the original on March 6, 2016. Retrieved February 21, 2016. 
^ a b c d Olson 2002, p. 190.
^ "Historical Debt Outstanding – Annual 1791–1849". Public Debt Reports. Treasury Direct. Archived from the original on October 30, 2007. Retrieved November 25, 2007. 
^ "Andrew Jackson". POTUS: Presidents of the United States. Archived from the original on June 6, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Jacobson, John Gregory (2004). "Jackson's judges: Six appointments who shaped a nation (Abstract)". University of Nebraska - Lincoln. Archived from the original on March 30, 2016. Retrieved July 18, 2017. 
^ "Arkansas Became a State: June 15, 1836". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on December 9, 2016. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ "Michigan Became a State: January 26, 1837". The Library of Congress. Archived from the original on January 10, 2017. Retrieved July 4, 2017. 
^ a b Latner 2002, p. 121.
^ Curtis, James C. (1976). Andrew Jackson and the Search for Vindication. Little, Brown and Co. p. 145. 
^ Lansford & Woods 2008, p. 1046.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 462-470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 463-464.
^ Remini 1984, p. 470.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 472-473.
^ Remini 1984, pp. 475-476.
^ "New-York tribune., September 18, 1841". The Library of Congress. Retrieved June 28, 2017. 
^ a b Wilentz 2005, pp. 161-163.
^ Remini 1984, p. 492.
^ Remini 1984, p. 493.
^ Remini 1984, p. 504.
^ Remini 1984, p. 511.
^ "Death of Gen. Jackson". Boon's Lick Times. Fayette, Missouri. Archived by the Library of Congress. June 21, 1845. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ Remini 1984.
^ Brands 2005, p. 198.
^ Remini 1977, p. 194.
^ The Papers of Andrew Jackson: 1821–1824 ed. Sam B. Smith, (1996) p 71
^ Meacham 2008, pp. 109, 315.
^ Brands 2005, p. 297.
^ Borneman 2008, p. 36.
^ Remini 1969.
^ Remini 1981, pp. 1-3.
^ Wilentz 2005, p. 160.
^ Jackson, Andrew. "Tennessee History". Masonic Research. tennesseehistory.com. Archived from the original on May 16, 2012. Retrieved July 29, 2012. 
^ Trevor W. McKeown. "Grand Lodge of British Columbia & Yukon's "A few famous freemasons" page". freemasonry.bcy.ca. Archived from the original on September 12, 2015. Retrieved September 14, 2015. 
^ "Masonic Presidents, Andrew Jackson". Archived from the original on August 25, 2012. Retrieved July 28, 2012. 
^ Cheathem 2011.
^ Adams 2013.
^ Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. (1958). "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians". Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 44 (4): 615–634. 
^ Van Deusen, Glyndon G. (2010). The Rise and Decline of Jacksonian Democracy. Krieger Publishing Co. 
^ a b Brands, H.W. (2017-03-11). "Andrew Jackson at 250: President's legacy isn't pretty, but neither is history". The Tennessean. Retrieved 2017-05-09. 
^ Remini 1988, p. 307.
^ Hutzell, Rick (February 8, 2016). "Democrats Bounce Jefferson and Jackson from Annual Dinner". The Anne Arundel Capital-Gazette. Archived from the original on January 14, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Southall, Ashley (August 5, 2015). "Jefferson-Jackson Dinner Will Be Renamed". The New York Times. Archived from the original on April 5, 2017. Retrieved May 13, 2017. 
^ Zeitz, Josh (May 5, 1945). "Tubman replacing Jackson on the $20, Hamilton spared". Politico. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. Retrieved May 5, 2016. 
^ Harriet Tubman to Be Added to $20 Bill Archived April 20, 2017, at the Wayback Machine., by Nick Timiraos, April 20, 2016.
^ Scotts US Stamp Catalogue
^ Alexander T. Haimann, National Postal Museum (May 16, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter (link)
^ "2-cent Jackson issue of 1863". Smithsonian National Postal Museum. Archived from the original on July 23, 2011. Retrieved December 18, 2010. 
^ Patricia Kaufmann (May 9, 2006). "Smithsonian National Postal Museum". Arago.si.edu. Archived from the original on March 29, 2012. Retrieved December 5, 2011. 
^ Gannett, Henry (1905). The Origin of Certain Place Names in the United States. Govt. Print. Off. p. 167. Archived from the original on May 4, 2016. 
^ Goode, James M. (2010). "Four Salutes to the Nation: The Equestrian Statues of General Andrew Jackson". White House Historical Association. Archived from the original on June 2, 2017. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Tours of the State Capital: Statues and Monuments on Union Square". North Carolina Department of Cultural Resources. Archived from the original on November 18, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ "Plaza Ferdinand VII Pensacola, Florida ". National Park Service. Archived from the original on April 28, 2017. Retrieved June 2, 2017. 
^ "Tribute to Jackson and His Wife". The New York Times. May 22, 1953. Archived from the original on March 8, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Krebs, Albin (August 28, 1989). "Irving Stone, Author of 'Lust for Life,' Dies at 86". The New York Times. Archived from the original on September 4, 2016. Retrieved May 31, 2017. 
^ Nugent, Frank S. (September 5, 1936). "Democratic Unconvention in 'The Gorgeous Hussy,' at the Capitol -- 'A Son Comes Home,' at the Rialto". The New York Times. Archived from the original on March 7, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 
^ "The Buccaneer". historyonfilm.com. Archived from the original on March 30, 2014. Retrieved March 16, 2014. 
^ McGee, Scott. "The Buccaneer (1959)". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on August 17, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Overview for Basil Ruysdael". Turner Classic Movies. Archived from the original on September 26, 2016. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Wesley Addy Biography (1913-1996)". filmreference.com. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved July 7, 2017. 
^ "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson". stageagent.com. Archived from the original on June 25, 2016. Retrieved July 6, 2017. 


Bibliography

Biographies

Booraem, Hendrik (2001). Young Hickory: The Making of Andrew Jackson. Taylor Trade Publishing. ISBN 0-8783-3263-4. 
Brands, H.W. (2005). Andrew Jackson: His Life and Times. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group. ISBN 1-4000-3072-2. 
Meacham, Jon (2008). American Lion: Andrew Jackson in the White House. New York: Random House Publishing Group. ISBN 0-8129-7346-1. 
Remini, Robert (1969). Andrew Jackson. HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-06-080132-8. 
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-0618-0788-5.  Abridgment of Remini's 3-volume monumental biography.

Remini, Robert V. (1977). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Empire, 1767–1821. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5912-3. 
Remini, Robert V. (1981). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Freedom, 1822–1832. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 978-0-8018-5913-7. 
Remini, Robert V. (1984). Andrew Jackson and the Course of American Democracy, 1833–1845. New York: Harper & Row Publishers, Inc. ISBN 0-8018-5913-1. 


Wilentz, Sean (2005). Andrew Jackson. New York: Henry Holt and Company. ISBN 0-8050-6925-9. 

Historiography

Adams, Sean Patrick, ed. (2013). A Companion to the Era of Andrew Jackson. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2010). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. New York: Taylor & Francis. ISBN 978-0-7656-8126-3. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (2011). The Shape of Democracy: Historical Interpretations of Jacksonian Democracy, in The Age of Andrew Jackson, Brian D. McKnight and James S. Humphreys, eds. 
Mabry, Donald J., Short Book Bibliography on Andrew Jackson, Historical Text Archive.
McLemore, Laura Lyons, ed. The Battle of New Orleans in History and Memory (LSU Press, 2016).
Remini, Robert V. and Robert O. Rupp. Andrew Jackson: A Bibliography (Greenwood, 1991).
Sellers, Charles Grier, Jr. "Andrew Jackson versus the Historians", The Mississippi Valley Historical Review, Vol. 44, No. 4. (March 1958), pp. 615–634. in JSTOR.
Taylor, George Rogers, ed. Jackson Versus Biddle: The Struggle over the Second Bank of the United States (1949), excerpts from primary and secondary sources.
Van Sledright, Bruce, and Peter Afflerbach. "Reconstructing Andrew Jackson: Prospective elementary teachers' readings of revisionist history texts". Theory & Research in Social Education 28#3 (2000): 411-444.
Ward, John William. Andrew Jackson, Symbol for an Age (1962) how writers saw him.

Specialized studies

Adams, Henry (1986) [1891]. History of the United States of America During the Administrations of James Madison. New York, New York: Library Classics of the United States. ISBN 0-9404-5035-6. 
Adams, Henry (1879). The Life of Albert Gallatin. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania: J. B. Lippincott & Co. ISBN 1-4076-5749-6. 
Bates, Christopher G. (2015). The Early Republic and Antebellum America: An Encyclopedia of Social, Political, Cultural, and Economic History. Routledge. 
Berutti, Ronald A. (1992). "The Cherokee Cases: The Fight to Save the Supreme Court and the Cherokee Indians". American Indian Law Review. 17 (1): 291–308. doi:10.2307/20068726. 
Bogart, Ernest Ludlow (1907). The Economic History of the United States. London, UK: Longmans, Green, and Company. ISBN 978-1-176-58679-6. 
Boller, Paul F. Jr. (2004). Presidential Campaigns: From George Washington to George W. Bush. New York: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19516-716-3. 
Borneman, Walter R. (2008). Polk: The Man Who Transformed the Presidency and America. New York: Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6560-8. 
Cheathem, Mark R. (April 1, 2011). "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians". History Compass. 9 (4). ISSN 1478-0542. doi:10.1111/j.1478-0542.2011.00763.x.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
Eaton, Clement (1942). "Mob Violence in the Old South". The Mississippi Valley Historical Review. 29 (3). ISSN 0161-391X. JSTOR 1897915. doi:10.2307/1897915. 
Ellis, Richard E. (1974). Woodward, C. Vann, ed. Responses of the Presidents to Charges of Misconduct. New York, New York: Delacorte Press. pp. 61–68. ISBN 0-440-05923-2. 
Howe, Daniel Walker (2007). What Hath God Wrought: the Transformation of America, 1815–1848. Oxford, New York: Oxford University Press. 
Lansford, Tom; Woods, Thomas E., eds. (2008). Exploring American History: From Colonial Times to 1877. 10. New York: Marshall Cavendish. p. 1046. ISBN 978-0-7614-7758-7. 
Latner, Richard B. (2002). "Andrew Jackson". In Graff, Henry. The Presidents: A Reference History (7th ed.). 
Latner Richard B. The Presidency of Andrew Jackson: White House Politics, 1820–1837 (1979), standard survey.
Leeden, Michael A. (2001). Tocqueville on American Character. New York, New York: Macmillan. ISBN 0-3122-5231-5. Retrieved January 15, 2014. 
Martin, François-Xavier (1829). The History of Louisiana, from the Earliest Period, Vol. 2. New Orleans: A.T. Penniman & Co. 
Marszalek, John F. (2000). The Petticoat Affair: Manners, Mutiny, and Sex in Andrew Jackson's White House. Baton Rouge: LSU Press. ISBN 0-8071-2634-9. 
Mills, William J. (2003). Exploring Polar Frontiers: A Historical Encyclopedia. 1. Santa Barbara, California: ABC-CLIO, Inc. ISBN 1-57607-422-6. 
Ogg, Frederic Austin (1919). The Reign of Andrew Jackson; Vol. 20, Chronicles of America Series. Yale Univ. Press. 
Olson, James Stuart (2002). Robert L. Shadle, ed. Encyclopedia of the Industrial Revolution in America. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press. ISBN 0-313-30830-6. 
Paletta, Lu Ann; Worth, Fred L. (1988). The World Almanac of Presidential Facts. World Almanac Books. ISBN 0-345-34888-5. 
Rorabaugh, W.J.; Critchlow, Donald T.; Baker, Paula C. (2004). America's Promise: A Concise History of the United States. Lanham, Maryland: Rowman & Littlefield. ISBN 0-7425-1189-8. 
Rutland, Robert Allen (1995). The Democrats: From Jefferson to Clinton. Columbia, Missouri: University of Missouri Press. ISBN 0-8262-1034-1. 
Schama, Simon. The American Future: A History (2008).
Schlesinger, Arthur M. Jr. The Age of Jackson. (1945). Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for History. history of ideas of the era.
Syrett, Harold C. Andrew Jackson: His Contribution to the American Tradition (1953). on Jacksonian democracy
Warshauer, Matthew (2006). Andrew Jackson and the Politics of Martial Law. Knoxville, Tennessee: University of Tennessee Press. 
Wilentz, Sean (2006). The Rise of American Democracy: Jefferson to Lincoln. New York, New York: W.W. Norton & Company, Inc. ISBN 0-393-05820-4. 
Zinn, Howard (1980). "7: As Long As Grass Grows or Water Runs". A People's History of the United States. Abingdon-on-Thames, UK: Routledge Taylor and Francis Group. 

Primary sources

Jackson, Andrew (1926). Bassett, John Spencer; Jameson, J. Franklin, eds. The Correspondence of Andrew Jackson. 5. Washington, D.C.: Carnegie Institute of Washington.  7 volumes total.
The Papers of Andrew Jackson Edited first by Sam B. Smith and Harriet Chappell Owsley, and now by Dan Feller, Sam B. Smith, Harriet Fason Chappell Owsley, and Harold D. Moser. (9 vols. 1980 to date, U of Tennessee0 online.

Searchable digital edition online


Richardson, James D. ed. A Compilation of the Messages and Papers of the Presidents (1897), reprints his major messages and reports.
Library of Congress. "Andrew Jackson Papers," a digital archive that provides direct access to the manuscript images of many of the Jackson documents. online


Further reading

Bassett, John Spencer (1911). The Life of Andrew Jackson. New York: Doubleday Page & Company.  vol 1 online; vol 2 online
Bugg Jr. James L. ed. Jacksonian Democracy: Myth or Reality? (1952), excerpts from scholars.
Burstein, Andrew. The Passions of Andrew Jackson. (2003).Burstein, Andrew (2004). The Passions of Andrew Jackson. New York, New York: Vintage Publishing. ISBN 0-3757-1404-9. 
Cave, Alfred A. (2003). "Abuse of Power: Andrew Jackson and the Indian Removal Act of 1830". Historian. 65 (6). 
Cheathem, Mark R. "Andrew Jackson, Slavery, and Historians." History Compass 9.4 (2011): 326-338. online
Cheathem, Mark R. Andrew Jackson, Southerner (2013)
Cheathem, Mark R., and Terry Corps, eds. Historical Dictionary of the Jacksonian Era and Manifest Destiny (Rowman & Littlefield, 2016).
Cheathem, Mark. "Frontiersman or Southern Gentleman? Newspaper Coverage of Andrew Jackson during the 1828 Presidential Campaign", The Readex Report (2014) 9#3 online
Gammon, Samuel Rhea (2007) [1922]. The Presidential Campaign of 1832. Hamburg, Michigan: Native American Books Distributor. ISBN 0-4030-0603-1. 
Hays, Joel Stanford. "Twisting the Law: Legal Inconsistencies in Andrew Jackson's Treatment of Native-American Sovereignty and State Sovereignty." Journal of Southern Legal History 21 (2013): 157.
Heidler, David Stephen; Jeanne T. Heidler, eds. (1997). Encyclopedia of the War of 1812. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press. ISBN 1-59114-362-4. 
Hofstadter, Richard. The American Political Tradition (1948), chapter on Jackson. online in ACLS e-books
Inskeep, Steve (2015). Jacksonland: President Andrew Jackson, Cherokee Chief John Ross, and a Great American Land Grab. London, UK: Penguin Books. 
Mann, Barbara Alice (2009). The Tainted Gift: The Disease Method of Frontier Expansion. ABC-CLIO. p. 20. 
James, Marquis (1933). Andrew Jackson: The Boarder Captain. 
James, Marquis (1937). Andrew Jackson: Portrait of a President. 
Parsons, Lynn H. The Birth of Modern Politics: Andrew Jackson, John Quincy Adams, and the Election of 1828 (2009) excerpt and text search
Parton, James (2006) [1860]. Life of Andrew Jackson, Vol. 3. Whitefish, Montana: Kessinger Publishing. ISBN 1-4286-3929-2. 
Ratner, Lorman A. Andrew Jackson and His Tennessee Lieutenants: A Study in Political Culture (1997).
Remini, Robert V. (1988). The Legacy of Andrew Jackson: Essays on Democracy, Indian Removal, and Slavery. Baton Rouge, Louisiana: Louisiana State University Press. ISBN 0-8071-1642-4. 
Remini, Robert V. (2001). Andrew Jackson and His Indian Wars. London, England: Penguin Books. ISBN 0-7861-8568-6. 
Remini, Robert V. "Andrew Jackson", American National Biography (2000).
Rowland, Dunbar (1926). Andrew Jackson's Campaign against the British, or, the Mississippi Territory in the War of 1812, concerning the Military Operations of the Americans, Creek Indians, British, and Spanish, 1813–1815. New York, New York: MacMillan Company. 

External links

Find more aboutAndrew Jacksonat Wikipedia's sister projects

Media from Commons
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



White House biography

United States Congress. "Andrew Jackson (id: J000005)". Biographical Directory of the United States Congress. 
Works by Andrew Jackson at Project Gutenberg
Works by or about Andrew Jackson at Internet Archive
Andrew Jackson: A Resource Guide at the Library of Congress
Andrew Jackson (1767–1845) at the Miller Center of Public Affairs, University of Virginia
The Papers of Andrew Jackson at the Avalon Project
The Hermitage, home of President Andrew Jackson
"Life Portrait of Andrew Jackson", from C-SPAN's American Presidents: Life Portraits, April 26, 1999
"The 1828 Campaign of Andrew Jackson and the Growth of Party Politics", lesson plan at the National Endowment for the Humanities





Offices and distinctions







U.S. House of Representatives


New constituency
Member of the U.S. House of Representatives
from Tennessee's at-large congressional district
1796–1797
Succeeded by
William C. C. Claiborne


U.S. Senate


Preceded by
William Cocke
United States Senator (Class 1) from Tennessee
1797–1798
Served alongside: Joseph Anderson
Succeeded by
Daniel Smith


Preceded by
John Williams
United States Senator (Class 2) from Tennessee
1823–1825
Served alongside: John Eaton
Succeeded by
Hugh Lawson White


Chair of the Senate Military Affairs Committee
1823–1825
Succeeded by
William Henry Harrison


Honorary titles


Preceded by
Richard Stockton
Baby of the Senate
1797–1798
Succeeded by
Ray Greene


Preceded by
James Madison
Oldest living President of the United States
1836–1845
Succeeded by
John Quincy Adams


Political offices


Preceded by
José María Coppinger
as Governor of Spanish East Florida
Governor of Florida
Acting
1821
Succeeded by
William Pope Duval


Preceded by
John Quincy Adams
President of the United States
1829–1837
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Party political offices


Preceded by
James Monroe
Democratic-Republican nominee for President of the United States¹
1824
Served alongside: John Quincy Adams, Henry Clay, William H. Crawford
Party dissolved


New political party
Democratic nominee for President of the United States
1828, 1832
Succeeded by
Martin Van Buren


Notes and references


1. The Democratic-Republican Party split in the 1824 election, fielding four separate candidates.











Articles related to Andrew Jackson











v
t
e


Presidents of the United States (list)







George Washington (1789–1797)
John Adams (1797–1801)
Thomas Jefferson (1801–1809)
James Madison (1809–1817)
James Monroe (1817–1825)
John Quincy Adams (1825–1829)
Andrew Jackson (1829–1837)
Martin Van Buren (1837–1841)
William Henry Harrison (1841)
John Tyler (1841–1845)
James K. Polk (1845–1849)
Zachary Taylor (1849–1850)
Millard Fillmore (1850–1853)
Franklin Pierce (1853–1857)
James Buchanan (1857–1861)
Abraham Lincoln (1861–1865)
Andrew Johnson (1865–1869)
Ulysses S. Grant (1869–1877)
Rutherford B. Hayes (1877–1881)
James A. Garfield (1881)
Chester A. Arthur (1881–1885)
Grover Cleveland (1885–1889)
Benjamin Harrison (1889–1893)
Grover Cleveland (1893–1897)
William McKinley (1897–1901)
Theodore Roosevelt (1901–1909)
William Howard Taft (1909–1913)
Woodrow Wilson (1913–1921)
Warren G. Harding (1921–1923)
Calvin Coolidge (1923–1929)
Herbert Hoover (1929–1933)
Franklin D. Roosevelt (1933–1945)
Harry S. Truman (1945–1953)
Dwight D. Eisenhower (1953–1961)
John F. Kennedy (1961–1963)
Lyndon B. Johnson (1963–1969)
Richard Nixon (1969–1974)
Gerald Ford (1974–1977)
Jimmy Carter (1977–1981)
Ronald Reagan (1981–1989)
George H. W. Bush (1989–1993)
Bill Clinton (1993–2001)
George W. Bush (2001–2009)
Barack Obama (2009–2017)
Donald Trump (2017–present)









Presidency timelines




Wilson
Harding
Coolidge
Hoover
F. D. Roosevelt

first 100 days


Truman
Eisenhower
Kennedy
L. B. Johnson
Nixon
Ford
Carter
Reagan
G. H. W. Bush
Clinton
G. W. Bush
Obama

first 100 days


Trump

first 100 days











 Book
 Category












v
t
e


United States Democratic Party



Chairpersons
of the DNC



Hallett
McLane
Smalley
Belmont
Schell
Hewitt
Barnum
Brice
Harrity
Jones
Taggart
Mack
McCombs
McCormick
Cummings
White
Hull
Shaver
Raskob
Farley
Flynn
Walker
Hannegan
McGrath
Boyle
McKinney
Mitchell
Butler
Jackson
Bailey
O'Brien
Harris
O'Brien
Westwood
Strauss
Curtis
White
Manatt
Kirk
Brown
Wilhelm
DeLee
Dodd/Fowler
Romer/Grossman
Rendell/Andrew
McAuliffe
Dean
Kaine
Wasserman Schultz
Perez





Presidential
tickets



Jackson/Calhoun
Jackson/Van Buren
Van Buren/R. Johnson
Van Buren/None
Polk/Dallas
Cass/Butler
Pierce/King
Buchanan/Breckinridge
Douglas/H. Johnson (Breckinridge/Lane, SD)
McClellan/Pendleton
Seymour/Blair
Greeley/Brown
Tilden/Hendricks
Hancock/English
Cleveland/Hendricks
Cleveland/Thurman
Cleveland/Stevenson I
W. Bryan/Sewall
W. Bryan/Stevenson I
Parker/H. Davis
W. Bryan/Kern
Wilson/Marshall (twice)
Cox/Roosevelt
J. Davis/C. Bryan
Smith/Robinson
Roosevelt/Garner (twice)
Roosevelt/Wallace
Roosevelt/Truman
Truman/Barkley
Stevenson II/Sparkman
Stevenson II/Kefauver
Kennedy/L. Johnson
L. Johnson/Humphrey
Humphrey/Muskie
McGovern/(Eagleton, Shriver)
Carter/Mondale (twice)
Mondale/Ferraro
Dukakis/Bentsen
B. Clinton/Gore (twice)
Gore/Lieberman
Kerry/Edwards
Obama/Biden (twice)
H. Clinton/Kaine





State/
Territorial
Parties



Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
District of Columbia
Guam
Puerto Rico





Conventions

(List)



1832 (Baltimore)
1835 (Baltimore)
1840 (Baltimore)
1844 (Baltimore)
1848 (Baltimore)
1852 (Baltimore)
1856 (Cincinnati)
1860 (Baltimore)
1864 (Chicago)
1868 (New York)
1872 (Baltimore)
1876 (Saint Louis)
1880 (Cincinnati)
1884 (Chicago)
1888 (Saint Louis)
1892 (Chicago)
1896 (Chicago)
1900 (Kansas City)
1904 (Saint Louis)
1908 (Denver)
1912 (Baltimore)
1916 (Saint Louis)
1920 (San Francisco)
1924 (New York)
1928 (Houston)
1932 (Chicago)
1936 (Philadelphia)
1940 (Chicago)
1944 (Chicago)
1948 (Philadelphia)
1952 (Chicago)
1956 (Chicago)
1960 (Los Angeles)
1964 (Atlantic City)
1968 (Chicago)
1972 (Miami Beach)
1976 (New York)
1980 (New York)
1984 (San Francisco)
1988 (Atlanta)
1992 (New York)
1996 (Chicago)
2000 (Los Angeles)
2004 (Boston)
2008 (Denver)
2012 (Charlotte)
2016 (Philadelphia)





Affiliated
groups





Fundraising




Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
Democratic Governors Association
Democratic Legislative Campaign Committee
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee
National Conference of Democratic Mayors






Sectional




College Democrats of America
Democrats Abroad
National Federation of Democratic Women
Stonewall Democrats
Young Democrats of America
High School Democrats of America








Related articles



History
Primaries
Debates
Party factions
Superdelegate
2005 chairmanship election
2017 chairmanship election








 Liberalism portal












v
t
e


United States Senators from Tennessee



Class 1



Cocke
A. Jackson
Smith
J. Anderson
Campbell
Eaton
Grundy
Foster
Grundy
Nicholson
Foster
Turney
Jones
Johnson
Patterson
Brownlow
Johnson
Key
Bailey
H. Jackson
Whitthorne
Bate
Frazier
Lea
McKellar
Gore Sr.
Brock III
Sasser
Frist
Corker








Class 2



Blount
J. Anderson
Cocke
Smith
Whiteside
Campbell
Wharton
Williams
A. Jackson
White
A. Anderson
Jarnagin
Bell
Nicholson
Fowler
Cooper
Harris
Turley
Carmack
Taylor
Sanders
Webb
Shields
Tyson
Brock I
Hull
Bachman
Berry
Stewart
Kefauver
Walters
Bass
Baker
Gore Jr.
Mathews
Thompson
Alexander












v
t
e


Chairmen of the United States Senate Committee on Armed Services



Military Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



J. Williams
Troup
J. Williams
Jackson
Harrison
Benton
Preston
Crittenden
Benton
Cass
Benton
Davis
Shields
Weller
Davis
Johnson
Wilson
Logan
Spencer
Randolph
Logan
Sewell
Hawley
Walthall
Hawley
Proctor
Warren
du Pont
Johnston
Chamberlain
Wadsworth
Reed
Sheppard
Reynolds
Thomas








Naval Affairs Committee
(1816–1947)



Tait
Sanford
Pleasants
Lloyd
Hayne
Dallas
Southard
Rives
R. Williams
Mangum
Bayard
Fairfield
Yulee
Gwin
Mallory
J. Hale
Grimes
Cragin
Sargent
McPherson
Cameron
McPherson
Cameron
E. Hale
Perkins
Tillman
Swanson
Page
F. Hale
Trammell
Walsh





Armed Services Committee
(1947–present)



Gurney
Tydings
Russell
Saltonstall
Russell
Stennis
Tower
Goldwater
Nunn
Thurmond
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
Warner
Levin
McCain












v
t
e


Governors of Florida



Military (1821)



Jackson








Territorial (1822–45)



Duval
Eaton
Call
Reid
Call
Branch





State (since 1845)



Moseley
Brown
Broome
Perry
Milton
Allison
Marvin
Walker
Reed
Hart
Stearns
Drew
Bloxham
Perry
Fleming
Mitchell
Bloxham
Jennings
Broward
Gilchrist
Trammell
Catts
Hardee
Martin
Carlton
Sholtz
Cone
Holland
Caldwell
Warren
McCarty
Johns
Collins
Bryant
Burns
Kirk
Askew
Graham
Mixson
Martinez
Chiles
MacKay
Bush
Crist
Scott












v
t
e


Cabinet of President Andrew Jackson (1829–37)



Secretary of State



Martin Van Buren (1829–31)
Edward Livingston (1831–33)
Louis McLane (1833–34)
John Forsyth (1834–37)








Secretary of the Treasury



Samuel D. Ingham (1829–31)
Louis McLane (1831–33)
William J. Duane (1833)
Roger B. Taney (1833–34)
Levi Woodbury (1834–37)





Secretary of War



John H. Eaton (1829–31)
Lewis Cass (1831–36)





Attorney General



John M. Berrien (1829–31)
Roger B. Taney (1831–33)
Benjamin F. Butler (1833–37)





Postmaster General



William T. Barry (1829–35)
Amos Kendall (1835–37)





Secretary of the Navy



John Branch (1829–31)
Levi Woodbury (1831–34)
Mahlon Dickerson (1834–37)












v
t
e


Hall of Fame for Great Americans






John Adams
John Quincy Adams
Jane Addams
Louis Agassiz
Susan B. Anthony
John James Audubon
George Bancroft
Clara Barton
Henry Ward Beecher
Alexander Graham Bell
Daniel Boone
Edwin Booth
Louis Brandeis
Phillips Brooks
William Cullen Bryant
Luther Burbank
Andrew Carnegie
George Washington Carver
William Ellery Channing
Rufus Choate
Henry Clay
Grover Cleveland
James Fenimore Cooper
Peter Cooper
Charlotte Cushman
James Buchanan Eads
Thomas Alva Edison
Jonathan Edwards
Ralph Waldo Emerson
David Farragut
Stephen Foster
Benjamin Franklin
Robert Fulton
Josiah W. Gibbs
William C. Gorgas
Ulysses S. Grant
Asa Gray
Alexander Hamilton
Nathaniel Hawthorne
Joseph Henry
Patrick Henry
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.
Mark Hopkins
Elias Howe
Washington Irving
Andrew Jackson
Thomas J. Jackson
Thomas Jefferson
John Paul Jones
James Kent
Sidney Lanier
Robert E. Lee
Abraham Lincoln
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
James Russell Lowell
Mary Lyon
Edward MacDowell
James Madison
Horace Mann
John Marshall
Matthew Fontaine Maury
Albert A. Michelson
Maria Mitchell
James Monroe
Samuel F. B. Morse
William T. G. Morton
John Lothrop Motley
Simon Newcomb
Thomas Paine
Alice Freeman Palmer
Francis Parkman
George Peabody
William Penn
Edgar Allan Poe
Walter Reed
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Theodore Roosevelt
Augustus Saint-Gaudens
William Tecumseh Sherman
John Philip Sousa
Joseph Story
Harriet Beecher Stowe
Gilbert Stuart
Sylvanus Thayer
Henry David Thoreau
Mark Twain
Lillian Wald
Booker T. Washington
George Washington
Daniel Webster
George Westinghouse
James McNeill Whistler
Walt Whitman
Eli Whitney
John Greenleaf Whittier
Emma Willard
Frances E. Willard
Roger Williams
Woodrow Wilson
Orville Wright
Wilbur Wright












v
t
e


War of 1812






Battles
Campaigns
Origins
Chronology
Results








People



Isaac Brock
Andrew Jackson
Francis Scott Key
James Madison
Laura Secord
Tecumseh








Places



Fort Detroit/Shelby
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky





Battles



Baltimore
Beaver Dams
Chateauguay
Crysler's Farm
Frenchtown
Lundy's Lane
New Orleans
Queenston Heights
Spur's Defeat
Thames
Washington





Songs



"The Bold Canadian"
"The Hunters of Kentucky"
"The Star-Spangled Banner"





Other



Books
Opposition in United States
War of 1812 Bicentennial





Related



Tecumseh's War
Creek War






 Portal












Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 100194661
LCCN: n79088888
ISNI: 0000 0001 2103 3774
GND: 118775731
SUDOC: 027527948
BNF: cb12035654v (data)
NDL: 00620870
US Congress: J000005
IATH: w6p848w8










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrew_Jackson&oldid=792863814"					
Categories: Andrew Jackson1767 births1845 deaths18th-century American politicians18th-century Presbyterians19th-century American politicians19th-century deaths from tuberculosis19th-century PresbyteriansAmerican military personnel of the War of 1812American people of Scotch-Irish descentAmerican people of the Seminole WarsAmerican plantersAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican prosecutorsAmerican Revolutionary War prisoners of war held by Great BritainAmerican shooting survivorsAmerican slave ownersAssassination attempt survivorsBurials in TennesseeCongressional Gold Medal recipientsDeaths from edemaDemocratic Party Presidents of the United StatesDemocratic Party (United States) presidential nomineesDemocratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of RepresentativesDemocratic-Republican Party United States SenatorsDuellistsGovernors of Florida TerritoryHall of Fame for Great Americans inducteesHistory of the United States (1789–1849)Infectious disease deaths in TennesseeMasonic Grand MastersMembers of the American Antiquarian SocietyMembers of the United States House of Representatives from TennesseePeople from Lancaster County, South CarolinaPeople from Nashville, TennesseePeople of the Creek WarPresidents of the United StatesSecond Party SystemSmallpox survivorsTennessee Democratic-RepublicansTennessee DemocratsTennessee JacksoniansTennessee Supreme Court justicesUnited States Army generalsUnited States military governorsUnited States presidential candidates, 1824United States presidential candidates, 1828United States presidential candidates, 1832United States Senators from TennesseeHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 maint: Uses authors parameterWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesUse mdy dates from April 2011Pages using infobox officeholder with an atypical party valueAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from July 2017Articles with attributed pull quotesPages using citations with accessdate and no URLArticles with Project Gutenberg linksArticles with Internet Archive linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquoteWikisource 



Languages


AfrikaansአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎Bikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCorsuCymraegDanskDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliKurdîLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLumbaartMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄မြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPiemontèisPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRipoarischRomânăRuna SimiРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinarayייִדישYorùbá粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 July 2017, at 06:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












History Book Club













FREE SHIPPING ON 2+ BOOKS!DetailsLog InAdd any book for $9.99 each to get startedMy BoxJoin Now$0.00Join NowCategoriesBrowseNew ArrivalsBestsellersComing SoonStaff PicksSummer PicksBrowseBiographies & MemoirsCivil WarGlobal HistoryPolitics & LawReferenceReligion & The Ancient WorldSociety & CultureWarfareWorld War IIGeneral Interest Science and NatureThe Ancient WorldAmerican History Religious HistoryRussian HistoryEuropean History The 20th Century – The PresentAvenging The People: Andrew Jackson, The Rule Of Law and the American Nationby J. M. OpalBiographies & Memoirs, American History Member Price:Publisher Price:Quantity:1 Member Creditor $23.99$29.95123456Add to BoxAvenger-in-chief
Despite his populist reverence for the “sovereign people,” Andrew Jackson spent his career severely limiting that sovereignty—often in the name of inflicting his brand of justice on non-Americans. He made his name as a lawyer, maintaining federal authority by ejecting white squatters from native lands. Yet he also waged total war against the Cherokees and Creeks, and during the long war in the south and west from 1811 to 1818, brushed aside restraints on holy genocide—all in the name of “avenging the blood” of innocent white colonists.
Avenging the People reveals how Jackson became a hero to those who saw the United States as uniquely lawful and victimized—and used that legend to beat back some of our best hopes for the republican future.
Review Quotes
“Many Americans long for a strong man to lead the nation and avenge their grievances. In this eloquent book, Jason Opal astutely and vividly recovers the backstory to that longing in the personal charisma, frontier violence, legal reasoning, and assertive self-righteousness of Andrew Jackson and his America.”—Alan Taylor, author of American Revolutions: A Continental History, 1750-1804
“If you think there can’t be much more to say about Andrew Jackson, you will share my excitement at how much Jason Opal has discovered. In his subject’s diverse hatreds, against Whigs and Indians, Britons and bankers, Opal has found a unifying thread—Jackson’s obsession with revenge—that helps to explain them all.”—Woody Holton, author of Unruly Americans and the Origins of the Constitution
“Jason Opal shows how a violent frontier ruled by vengeance shaped the characters of Andrew Jackson and so many of his countrymen. This vivid, wide-ranging, meticulously documented narrative will fascinate history buffs and scholars alike.”—Daniel Walker Howe, author of What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815-1848
“What a riveting book this is! How is it that Americans, a professedly civilized and peace-loving people, have at times behaved so savagely and even gloried in their savagery? J. M. Opal’s provocative take on Jacksonian character rewrites Andrew Jackson not as common-man champion but as avenger-in-chief, the avatar of a nation whose defining trait was not equality or democracy but an unslakable craving for vengeance.”—Daniel Feller, University of Tennessee
About the Author
J.M. Opal is Associate Professor of History at McGill University, specializing in colonial, revolutionary and 19th century American history. He is the author of Beyond the Farm: National Ambitions in Rural New England and the editor of Common Sense and Other Writings by Thomas Paine.
Additional Book DetailsPages:        352 Release Date: June 13, 2017ISBN:         9780199751709 Club ID:      1416635 Format:       Regular Print×Log InLog InForgot Password?Upgrade your catalog membership×Retrieve PasswordPlease enter your email address below. You will receive a link to reset your password.Send Request×Create Your AccountStep 1: Enter your acccount informationStep 2: Create a loginUpgrade Now×Are you sure you want to decline the Featured Selections?DeclineCancel×A Guide to Our Simplified PricesMember Credits:Buy Member Credits during the first 10 days of the month for only $17.49 each and redeem them for any book on the site.(Save over 20%)Credits will not expire, so you can use them at any time!All pre-orders are sold at the Membership Price or for one Member Credit, and are shipped separately.Visit the FAQs for more details










10 Facts About Andrew Jackson | celebritycache.info














































Home
Politicians
Singers
Athletes
Actresses/Actors
Celebrities









10 Facts About Andrew Jackson








Andrew Jackson (March 15, 1767 – June 8, 1845) was the seventh President of the United States (1829–37). He was born near the end of the colonial era, somewhere near the then-unmarked border between North and South Carolina, into a recently immigrated Scots-Irish farming family of relatively modest means. 

During the American Revolutionary War, Jackson, whose family supported the revolutionary cause, acted as a courier.


Jackson’s parents emigrated from Ireland. Both of Jackson’s parents, Andrew and Elizabeth, were born in Ireland’s Country Antrim (in present-day Northern Ireland), and in 1765 they set sail with their two sons, Hugh and Robert, from the port town of Carrickfergus for America. The Jacksons settled with fellow Scotch-Irish Presbyterians in the Waxhaws region that straddled North and South Carolina.










1 of 5NEXT >







 








