



 Stock Quotes and Investment Research  -- Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 






























 



 Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Exchange 
         










    










 













 











 



















Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering
        																										
              











 News provided by
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.  
Jun 29, 2017, 17:55 ET









 Share this article




























































ATLANTA, June 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. ("JCEI") and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. ("JCHC" and, together with JCEI, the "Company") announced today that its previously reported exchange transactions (the "Exchange Transactions") will result in the retirement of $429.2 million of the Company's outstanding debt, including of $373.9 million of JCHC's 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "JCHC Notes") and $55.3 million of JCEI's 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "JCEI Notes" and, together with the JCHC Notes, the "Existing Notes"). In total, the Existing Notes tendered represent 98.97% of all Existing Notes eligible to participate in the Exchange Transactions.








Michael Riggs, the Company's CEO, commented: "We are pleased to announce the results of the Exchange Transactions for the Existing Notes. The Exchange Transactions, coupled with the 2016 exchange transactions, will reduce the Company's outstanding debt by over $300 million. In addition, the Exchange Transactions will decrease the Company's annual interest expense by over $9.8 million, and the financing for the Exchange Transactions will effectively extend the maturity date of our old bond debt by an additional three years until 2023. This deleveraging event is a critical milestone in the Company's efforts to create a healthy and sustainable balance sheet for all of our constituencies — including our lenders and investors, employees, unions, owners, and most importantly, our customers."
The Company intends to fund the cash portions of the Exchange Transactions with the proceeds from an issuance $227.5 million of a new series of 13.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the "New Secured Notes"). 
The Exchange Transactions included (i) an offer to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") any and all of the JCHC Notes for (a) cash and (b) warrants issued by JCEI exercisable for shares of Class B common stock of JCEI and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCHC Consent Solicitation") to amend the JCHC Notes and related indenture, release the collateral securing the JCHC Notes and consent to a general release and waiver of claims (the "JCHC Consents") and (ii) an offer to purchase (the "Tender Offer" and, together with the Exchange Offer, the "Offers") any and all of the outstanding JCEI Notes for cash and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCEI Consent Solicitation" and, together with the JCHC Consent Solicitation, the "Consent Solicitations") to amend the JCEI Notes and related indenture and to a general release and waiver of claims (the "JCEI Consents" and, together with the JCHC Consents, the "Consents").
In connection with the Consent Solicitations, JCHC, the JCHC Notes guarantors and the JCHC Notes trustee will enter into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCHC Notes giving effect to the JCHC Notes Proposed Amendments and Collateral Release (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement), and JCEI and the JCEI Notes trustee will enter into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCEI Notes giving effect to the JCEI Notes Proposed Amendments (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement).
As of the Expiration Time of the Offers (which was extended to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 29, 2017), $373,901,000 aggregate principal amount of JCHC Notes (or 99.71%) had been validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Exchange Offer and $55,292,876 aggregate principal amount of JCEI Notes (or 94.29%) had been validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer. The Company, the original signatories to the JCHC Support Agreement (as defined in the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement) and Solus (as defined in the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement) waived the 97% Minimum Condition for the JCEI Notes in light of the fact that 98.97% of all Existing Notes eligible participated in the Exchange Transactions. The final settlement of the Offers, the issuance of the New Secured Notes and the execution of the supplemental indentures are all expected to occur tomorrow, on June 30, 2017.  
With the successful completion of the Exchange Transactions, the Company's primary focus will continue to be customer service and operational efficiencies.  
This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to exchange any of the Existing Notes.  The Offers were made pursuant to the offering documents, including the amended and restated offer to purchase, offering memorandum and disclosure statement soliciting acceptances of a prepackaged plan of reorganization and the related amended consent and letter of transmittal.
About the Company 
The Company is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions. The Company is a certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise by the Woman's Business Enterprise Council (the "WBENC"). The Company does not expect the consummation of the Exchange Transactions to impact its certification by the WBENC. 
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements made in this news release which describe the Company's intentions, expectations, beliefs or predictions may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by, or including the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," or similar expressions. Examples of forward-looking statements in this news release are statements about the expected timing of the settlement of the Offers and the issuance of the New Secured Notes. The Company cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. The Company does not intend, and it disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among other things the risks described under the caption "Risk Factors" in JCHC's Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2016.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jack-cooper-enterprises-inc-and-jack-cooper-holdings-corp-announce-successful-exchange-transactions-with-9887-of-all-notes-tendering-300482321.html
SOURCE Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.



 












Jun 30, 2017, 13:40 ET
Preview: Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Completion of Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering













Jun 29, 2017, 05:37 ET
Preview: Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce One Day Extension of Amended Offers to Facilitate Completion of Paperwork for Exchange Transactions






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 30, 2017, 13:40 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp....








 

Jun 29, 2017, 05:37 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp....





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
Restructuring & Recapitalization








 You just read:
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering


 News provided by
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.  
Jun 29, 2017, 17:55 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 











Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. And Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Fifth Extension Of Offers To Provide Time To Finalize The Amended Offers - TheStreet




























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. And Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Fifth Extension Of Offers To Provide Time To Finalize The Amended Offers









PR Newswire




Jun 12, 2017 4:47 PM EDT













 


















































  ATLANTA, June 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. ("JCEI") and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. ("JCHC" and, together with JCEI, the "Company") announced today a fifth extension of the previously announced cash tender offer (the "JCEI Offer") to purchase any and all of the JCEI 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "JCEI Notes") and exchange offer (the "JCHC Offer" and together with the JCEI Offer, the "Offers") for any and all of the JCHC 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "JCHC Notes" and together with the JCEI Notes, the "Existing Notes") for cash and warrants to purchase shares of non-voting common stock of JCEI.  The Offers are now scheduled to expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on Thursday, June 15, 2017, unless further extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the offer to purchase and offering memorandum (as amended, the "Offering Memorandum"). As previously announced, the Company has reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc group (the "Ad Hoc Group") of holders of JCHC Notes on the terms of a consensual restructuring transaction. As previously disclosed, the Ad Hoc Group holds 74.45% of the JCHC Notes and 14.63% of the JCEI 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "JCEI Notes" and together with the JCHC Notes, the "Existing Notes"). The Ad Hoc Group is also working together with other noteholders that together with the Ad Hoc Group hold 86.26% of the JCHC Notes and 42.16% of the JCEI Notes. Prior to the Expiration Time, the Company intends to amend and restate the terms of the Offers consistent with the terms disclosed in the Company's press release issued June 1, 2017 (the "Amended Offers"). The terms of the Amended Offers will be set forth in an amended and restated Offering Memorandum, which will be distributed to all holders of Existing Notes. As of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 9, 2017, 53.92% of the JCEI Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn, thereby satisfying the JCEI Notes Consent Condition (as defined in the Offering Memorandum). However, as of 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 9, 2017, 0.77% of the JCHC Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn and, accordingly, the requisite amount of JCHC Notes necessary to satisfy the JCHC Notes Consent Condition (as defined in the Offering Memorandum), had not been validly delivered and not withdrawn.  The withdrawal deadlines for the Offers have not been extended, but will be extended in connection with the Amended Offers when the amended and restated Offering Memorandum is distributed to Eligible Holders.  There can be no assurance that the Company will consummate the Amended Offers as contemplated by the agreement in principle with the Ad Hoc Group described in this press release and in the Company's press release dated June 1, 2017. The Amended Offers will also continue to be subject to the financing conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum. The Offers, as announced by the Company on April 3, 2017, include related solicitations of consents to amend the JCEI Notes and JCHC Notes and related indentures as described in the Offering Memorandum and to release the collateral securing the JCHC Notes. This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to exchange any of the Existing Notes. The Offers are being made pursuant to the offering documents, including the Offering Memorandum and the related consent and letter of transmittal that JCEI and JCHC have distributed to eligible holders of the Existing Notes, as amended by the Company's press releases dated May 1, 2017, May 15, 2017, May 22, 2017, June 1, 2017 and this press release. The Offers are not being made to holders of the Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. None of the Company, the Dealer Manager and Solicitation Agent, the Information Agent, the Tender and Exchange Agent (each as defined in the Offering Memorandum) or their respective affiliates is making any recommendation as to whether or not holders should exchange all or any portion of their Existing Notes in the Offers or deliver consents in the Consent Solicitations.  About the Company The Company is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.  Forward-Looking Statements Statements made in this news release which describe the Company's intentions, expectations, beliefs or predictions may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws.  Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by, or including the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," or similar expressions.  Examples of forward-looking statements in this news release are statements about the expected size and timing of the Offers. The Company cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.  The Company does not intend, and it disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among other things the risks described under the caption "Risk Factors" in JCHC's Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2016.    



 








 































































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


The 12 Absolutely Cheapest Places to Buy a House in America


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






























 



 Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Offers for 10.50%/11.25% 
         










    










 













 











 



















Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Offers for 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 and 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 and Related Consent Solicitations
        																																
              











 News provided by
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.  
Apr 03, 2017, 16:53 ET









 Share this article




























































ATLANTA, April 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. ("JCEI") and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. ("JCHC" and, together with JCEI, the "Company") announced today that, as part of an overall plan to refinance its outstanding debt, JCEI has commenced an offer to purchase from Eligible Holders (as defined below) (the "Tender Offer") any and all of JCEI's outstanding 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "Existing JCEI Notes") for cash and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCEI Consent Solicitation") to amend the Existing JCEI Notes and related indenture, and JCHC has commenced a private offer to exchange with Eligible Holders (the "Exchange Offer" and, together with the Tender Offer, the "Offers") any and all of JCHC's outstanding 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "Existing JCHC Notes" and, together with the Existing JCEI Notes, the "Existing Notes") for cash and warrants issued by JCEI exercisable for shares of Class B common stock of JCEI and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCHC Consent Solicitation" and, together with the JCEI Consent Solicitation, the "Consent Solicitations") to amend the existing JCHC Notes and related indenture and release the collateral securing the Existing JCHC Notes.








Certain information related to the Existing Notes, the Offers and the Consent Solicitations is set forth in the table below. 




 Issuer 
 Title of Series 
 Principal Amount Outstanding 
 Offer Consideration(1) 
 Consent Payment 
 Total Consideration(1)(2) 


   Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. 
   10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 
   $58,640,415 
   $138.50 in cash  
   $11.50 
   $150 


   Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. 
   9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 
   $375,000,000 
   $300 in cash and 2.47 warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock of JCEI, par value $0.0001 per share  
   $50 
   $350 in cash and 2.47 warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock of JCEI, par value $0.0001 per share 








 ______________ 


 (1) 
 For each $1,000 principal amount of Existing JCEI Notes and Existing JCHC Notes, as applicable, subject to any rounding as described herein. 


 (2) 
 Includes Consent Payment.  




For each $1,000 principal amount of Existing JCEI Notes validly tendered at or before 5:00 p.m., New York City time on April 17, 2017 (such time as it may be extended, the "Consent Deadline") and not validly withdrawn, Eligible Holders of Existing JCEI Notes will be eligible to receive the total consideration set out in the table above, which includes the consent payment for the Existing JCEI Notes set out in such table (the "JCEI Notes Consent Payment"). For each $1,000 principal amount of Existing JCHC Notes validly tendered at or before the Consent Deadline and not validly withdrawn, Eligible Holders of Existing JCHC Notes will be eligible to receive the total consideration set out in the table above, which includes the consent payment for the Existing JCHC Notes set out in such table (the "JCHC Notes Consent Payment" and, together with the JCEI Notes Consent Payment, the "Consent Payments"). For each $1,000 principal amount of Existing JCEI Notes validly tendered after the Consent Deadline but before the Expiration Time (as defined below), Eligible Holders of Existing JCEI Notes will be eligible to receive only the offer consideration set out in such table, which excludes the JCEI Notes Consent Payment. For each $1,000 principal amount of Existing JCHC Notes validly tendered after the Consent Deadline but before the Expiration Time, Eligible Holders of Existing JCHC Notes will be eligible to receive only the offer consideration set out in such table, which excludes the JCHC Notes Consent Payment. No accrued interest will be paid in connection with the Offers with respect to the Existing Notes purchased or exchanged in the Offers.
No fractional Exchange Warrants will be issued to Eligible Holders of Existing JCHC Notes in connection with the Exchange Offer. In the event that an exchange would yield a fractional Exchange Warrant, in lieu of the fraction of an Exchange Warrant, the Company will round down to the nearest whole Exchange Warrant. 
Consent Solicitations
JCEI is soliciting the consents from Eligible Holders of the Existing JCEI Notes to approve proposed amendments to the Existing JCEI Notes and the related indenture which amendments would, among other things, eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants and eliminate certain events of default contained in the Existing JCEI Notes indenture and make conforming changes to the Existing JCEI Notes. Consents in respect of a majority of the outstanding Existing JCEI Notes are required to approve the proposed amendments in the JCEI Consent Solicitation. 
JCHC is soliciting the consents from Eligible Holders of the Existing JCHC Notes to approve proposed amendments to the Existing JCHC Notes and the related indenture which amendments would, among other things, eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants and eliminate certain events of default contained in the Existing JCHC Notes indenture and make conforming changes to the Existing JCHC Notes. Consents are also sought to approve the release of the collateral securing the Existing JCHC Notes. Consents in respect of 66 2/3% of the outstanding Existing JCHC Notes are required to approve the proposed amendments in the JCHC Consent Solicitation and the release of the collateral. 
Eligible Holders may not deliver consents without tendering their Existing Notes, and Eligible Holders may not tender their Existing Notes without delivering consents.
Conditions to the Offers and the Consent Solicitations
The Offers and the Consent Solicitations are conditioned upon (i) receipt by JCHC of net proceeds from the New Secured Notes Offering (as defined below) sufficient to fund the cash consideration payable in the Offers and the Consent Solicitations and fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Offers, the Consent Solicitations and the New Secured Notes Offering, (ii) there being validly delivered and not revoked consents in respect of Existing JCEI Notes from at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Existing JCEI Notes and the JCEI supplemental indenture being executed and delivered by JCEI and the trustee for the Existing JCEI Notes, (iii) there being validly delivered and not revoked the consents in respect of Existing JCHC Notes from at least 66 2/3% in aggregate principal amount of outstanding Existing JCHC Notes, and the JCHC supplemental indenture being executed and delivered by JCHC, the guarantors party thereto and the trustee for the Existing JCHC Notes, and (iv) the satisfaction of certain other general conditions to the Offers and the Consent Solicitations set forth in the offering memorandum referenced below.
New Secured Notes 
Concurrently with the consummation of the Offers and the Consent Solicitations, JCHC expects to issue and sell a new series of 13.75% senior secured notes due 2023 (the "New Secured Notes") through one or more private placements pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") (the "New Secured Notes Offering"). On March 9, 2017, the Company entered into a term sheet related to the proposed private New Secured Notes Offering with Solus Alternative Asset Management LP ("Solus"); however, Solus has not committed to purchase the New Secured Notes, and there can be no assurance that Solus will purchase the New Secured Notes on the terms set forth on the term sheet, or at all. The proceeds from the New Secured Notes Offering would be used to fund the cash portions of the Offers and the Consent Solicitations and to pay fees and expenses incurred by the Company in connection with the Offers, the Consent Solicitations and the New Secured Notes Offering. 
Additional Information 
The Offers and the Consent Solicitations will expire at 12:01 a.m., New York City time, on May 2, 2017, unless extended (such date and time, as may be extended, the "Expiration Time"). Existing Notes tendered and Consents delivered may not be withdrawn or revoked, as applicable, after 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 17, 2017, unless extended (such date and time, as may be extended, the "Withdrawal Deadline"). Assuming that the conditions to the Offers are satisfied or waived, the "Settlement Date" will be promptly after the Expiration Time and is expected to be the third business day after the Expiration Time. 
The Exchange Warrants have not been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") under the Securities Act, or any state or foreign securities laws. The Exchange Warrants may not be offered or sold except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. See "Transfer Restrictions." Only persons who (i) certify that they are "qualified institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A under the Securities Act or (ii) certify that they are not "U.S. person" and are outside of the United States within the meaning of Regulation S under the Securities Act (such persons, "Eligible Holders") are authorized to receive and review the offering memorandum relating to the Offers and the Consent Solicitations and to participate in the Offers and the Consent Solicitations.
Requests for documents (including the form of eligibility letter) should be directed to D.F. King & Co., Inc., the Information Agent and the Tender and Exchange Agent for the Offers and the Consent Solicitations, at (212) 269-5550 (for banks and brokers) or (800) 755-7250 (for noteholders) or by email at jc@dfking.com. Eligible Holders may also complete and submit a letter of eligibility online at http://www.dfking.com/jc. Eligible Holders may also contact their broker, dealer, commercial bank, trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Offers and the Consent Solicitations. 
This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to exchange any of the Existing Notes or the solicitation of consents nor does this press release constitute an offer of the New Secured Notes. The Offers and the Consent Solicitations are being made pursuant to the offering documents, including the offer to purchase and offering memorandum and related consent and letter of transmittal that JCEI and JCHC are distributing to Eligible Holders of the Existing Notes. The Offers and the Consent Solicitations are not being made to holders of the Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws of such jurisdiction. None of the Company, the Dealer Managers and Solicitation Agents, the Information Agent, the Tender and Exchange Agent or their respective affiliates is making any recommendation as to whether or not holders should exchange all or any portion of their Existing Notes in the Offers or deliver consents in the Consent Solicitations.
About the Company 
The Company is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements made in this news release which describe the Company's intentions, expectations, beliefs or predictions may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements preceded by, followed by, or including the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "plans," "estimates," "projects," "forecasts," or similar expressions. Examples of forward-looking statements in this news release are statements about the expected size and timing of the Offers and the Consent Solicitations and the expected timing of the offering of New Secured Notes. The Company cautions that, by their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty and the Company's actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. The Company does not intend, and it disclaims any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Factors that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ from the results expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among other things the risks described under the caption "Risk Factors" in JCHC's Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2016.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jack-cooper-enterprises-inc-and-jack-cooper-holdings-corp-announce-offers-for-10501125-senior-pik-toggle-notes-due-2019-and-925-senior-secured-notes-due-2020-and-related-consent-solicitations-300433738.html
SOURCE Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.dfking.com/jc



 












May 01, 2017, 17:21 ET
Preview: Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Extension of Offers and On-Going Discussions with Holders of Existing Notes













Dec 09, 2016, 17:50 ET
Preview: Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. Announces Successful Completion of Exchange Transactions






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Jun 30, 2017, 13:40 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp....








 

Jun 29, 2017, 17:55 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp....





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Transportation, Trucking & Railroad
  Banking & Financial Services
Stock Offering








 You just read:
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Offers for 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 and 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 and Related Consent Solicitations


 News provided by
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.  
Apr 03, 2017, 16:53 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	Locations






























Shippers/Carriers

















Home/ Locations








Locations








Contact


Quote


Locations








Jack Cooper Transport                                         
1100 Walnut Street
Suite 2400                                   
Kansas City, MO 64106   




Jack Cooper Logistics
630 Kennesaw Due West Road
Kennesaw, GA 30152   








About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers














	Jack Cooper




























Shippers/Carriers




























Welcome to Jack Cooper At Jack Cooper, we believe the road to success is paved with integrity. For over 85 years, we have built a sterling reputation of trust through our commitment to innovation and excellence. Our businesses and services span across the United States, Mexico, and Canada, and our fleet of finished vehicle carriers is one of the largest in North America.



Awards  2013 Ford World Excellence Award 2013 General Motors Supplier of
    the Year Award 2011 General Motors Supplier of
    the Year Award 2010 Toyota's President's Award Additional Awards and Distinctions  





 MANAGING  
Third Party Logistics
Network Design
Remarketing
Web-Based Claims Management



 INSPECTING  
New Vehicle Inspections
Pre-Owned Vehicle Inspections
Lease Return Appraisals



 PROCESSING  
Rail and Yard Management
Port Terminals
Dealer Ordered Accessory Installation
Factory Customization



 SHIPPING  
Trucking
Shuttling
Railing
Ocean Shipping





About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers
















	Solutions




























Shippers/Carriers



















Solutions Our high-quality asset base, combined with our terminal network, logistics capabilities and ancillary services for pre-owned and off-lease markets enable us to provide a full supply chain solution to our customers and to support vehicle movements across all modes of transportation. We believe this is essential to establishing long-term customer relationships and successfully growing our business.





   Managing  We manage efficient finished vehicle supply chains for our partners throughout  North America. From manufacturers to consumers or auctions to dealers, we can manage even...  Learn More       Inspecting  We inspect vehicles across the entire supply chain. With trust and third-party  objectivity, we facilitate transactions among manufacturers, dealers, auctions, fleet owners and leasing...  Learn More  



    Processing  We process vehicles at assembly lines, rail ramps, port terminals, inspection sites, and auctions. While in our care, we provide value-added services and manage administrative processes...  Learn More     Shipping We ship millions of new and used vehicles each year, safely and efficiently. We utilize one of the largest car-hauling fleets in North America (more than 3,000 trucks) and complement...  Learn More    





About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers














	Fleet






























Shippers/Carriers

















Home/ About/ Fleet








Fleet








Our Team


Board Of Directors


Sarah Amico


Michael Riggs


Michael Testman


J.J. Schickel


Kirk Ferguson


J. Kevin McHugh


Samuel Torrence


Gerry Czarnecki


Edrienne Brandon


Kyle Haulotte




Teams


Management Team


Sarah Amico


Michael Riggs


Kyle Haulotte


Theo Ciupitu


Greg May


Kirk Hay


Alex Meza


Andrea Amico






Awards


Fleet


Safety


Profile & Mission


History






 We operate a high quality fleet of over 3,000† rigs, of which over 2,000† are active. We maintain our fleet to high standards and practice preventative maintenance to ensure the efficient operations of our network of 57† terminals in the United States and Canada. We operate a 24-hour, 7-day-a-week central breakdown center.   †This count is as of the end of 2015, as reflected on the Form 10-K available on our investor website. 





About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers














	About




























Shippers/Carriers



















About At Jack Cooper, we believe the road to success is paved with integrity. For over 85 years, we have built a sterling reputation of trust through our commitment to innovation and excellence. Our fleet of finished vehicle carriers is the largest in North America, serving the largest finished-vehicle manufacturers and resellers throughout the United States, Mexico, and Canada.













 Profile and Mission  Today we provide a full range of automotive transportation and logistics services to OEMs, remarketers, fleets, ...  Learn More











 History  Jack Cooper was founded over 85 years ago...  Learn More











 Our Team  Jack Cooper is an equal opportunity employer and will always endeavor to select the...  Learn More














   Fleet We operate a high quality fleet of over 3,000 carhaul trucks, of which over 2,000 are active...  Learn More











Safety The safety and well being of every associate, customer and individual associated with our company is paramount...  Learn More











 Awards  We are not afraid to share our secrets. The secrets to our success are easy to explain but not easy to duplicate...  Learn More








About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers














Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:46 AM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. provides transportation and logistics services in North America. It offers asset heavy and asset light solutions to the new and previously owned vehicle (POV) markets specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for original equipment manufacturers, fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers, and auctions. The company’s logistics services consist of logistics services comprising asset-light services to the POV market, including automated claims management, export, port processing, third-party logistics management, and other technical services. In addition, its logistics services also comprise brokering the transportation of used...
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. provides transportation and logistics services in North America. It offers asset heavy and asset light solutions to the new and previously owned vehicle (POV) markets specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for original equipment manufacturers, fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers, and auctions. The company’s logistics services consist of logistics services comprising asset-light services to the POV market, including automated claims management, export, port processing, third-party logistics management, and other technical services. In addition, its logistics services also comprise brokering the transportation of used vehicles; and brokering of the international shipment of cars and trucks from various ports in the United States to various international destinations; and inspection and title storage services for pre-owned and off-lease vehicles. Further, the company provides yard management services, such as rail loading and unloading, receiving vehicles at manufacturing plants, shuttling and baying of vehicles, and scanning and dispatching vehicles; and shuttle services to local rail yards. As of December 31, 2016, it operated a fleet of 2,050 active rigs and a network of 53 strategically located terminals. The company is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. is a subsidiary of Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.
Detailed Description


1100 Walnut StreetSuite 2400Kansas City, MO 64106United States3,855 Employees



Phone: 816-983-4000

www.jackcooper.com







Key Executives for Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.




Mr. T. Michael Riggs


      	Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Director
      


Age: 62
        







Mrs. Sarah Amico


      	Executive Chairperson
      


Age: 37
        







Mr. Kyle A. Haulotte


      	Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Director
      


Age: 48
        







Mr. Theo A. Ciupitu


      	Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
      


Age: 41
        







Mrs. Katie G. Helton


      	Executive Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary
      


Age: 35
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Key Developments

Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering
Jun 29 17
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. ("JCEI") and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. ("JCHC" and, together with JCEI, the "Company") announced that its previously reported exchange transactions (the "Exchange Transactions") will result in the retirement of $429.2 million of the Company's outstanding debt, including of $373.9 million of JCHC's 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "JCHC Notes") and $55.3 million of JCEI's 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "JCEI Notes" and, together with the JCHC Notes, the "Existing Notes"). In total, the Existing Notes tendered represent 98.97% of all Existing Notes eligible to participate in the Exchange Transactions. The Company intends to fund the cash portions of the Exchange Transactions with the proceeds from an issuance $227.5 million of a new series of 13.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the "New Secured Notes"). The Exchange Transactions included (i) an offer to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") any and all of the JCHC Notes for (a) cash and (b) warrants issued by JCEI exercisable for shares of Class B common stock of JCEI and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCHC Consent Solicitation") to amend the JCHC Notes and related indenture, release the collateral securing the JCHC Notes and consent to a general release and waiver of claims (the "JCHC Consents") and (ii) an offer to purchase (the "Tender Offer" and, together with the Exchange Offer, the "Offers") any and all of the outstanding JCEI Notes for cash and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCEI Consent Solicitation" and, together with the JCHC Consent Solicitation, the "Consent Solicitations") to amend the JCEI Notes and related indenture and to a general release and waiver of claims (the "JCEI Consents" and, together with the JCHC Consents, the "Consents"). In connection with the Consent Solicitations, JCHC, the JCHC Notes guarantors and the JCHC Notes trustee will enter into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCHC Notes giving effect to the JCHC Notes Proposed Amendments and Collateral Release (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement), and JCEI and the JCEI Notes trustee will enter into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCEI Notes giving effect to the JCEI Notes Proposed Amendments (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement). As of the Expiration Time of the Offers (which was extended to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on June 29, 2017), $373,901,000 aggregate principal amount of JCHC Notes (or 99.71%) had been validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Exchange Offer and $55,292,876 aggregate principal amount of JCEI Notes (or 94.29%) had been validly tendered and not withdrawn in the Tender Offer. The Company, the original signatories to the JCHC Support Agreement (as defined in the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement) and Solus (as defined in the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement) waived the 97% Minimum Condition for the JCEI Notes in light of the fact that 98.97% of all Existing Notes eligible participated in the Exchange Transactions. The final settlement of the Offers, the issuance of the New Secured Notes and the execution of the supplemental indentures are all expected to occur tomorrow, on June 30, 2017.


Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce One Day Extension of Amended Offers to Facilitate Completion of Paperwork for Exchange Transactions
Jun 29 17
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. announced an extension of the previously announced amended cash tender offer to purchase any and all of the JCEI 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 and amended exchange offer for any and all of the JCHC 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 for cash and warrants to purchase shares of Class B common stock of JCEI. The Amended Offers are now scheduled to expire on June 29, 2017, unless further extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the amended and restated offer to purchase, offering memorandum and disclosure statement soliciting acceptances of a prepackaged plan of reorganization and the related amended consent and letter of transmittal. As on June 29, 2017, 99.71% of the JCHC Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn and 93.54% of the JCEI Notes had been validly tendered and not withdrawn. The Amended Offers are conditioned upon, among other matters, there being validly tendered and delivered, and not withdrawn or revoked, JCEI Notes and JCHC Notes from holders of at least 97% in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding amounts of each series of notes. Existing Notes tendered as of the original expiration time may not be withdrawn, except as provided in the support agreements signed by tendering holders. The Company is providing a one day extension to the Amended Offers to provide additional time for any remaining holders of Existing Notes to complete tenders and finalize related paperwork in order to facilitate the completion of the consensual out-of-court restructuring.


Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Fifth Extension of Offers to Purchase Senior Notes
Jun 12 17
Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. announced a fifth extension of the previously announced cash tender offer to purchase any and all of the JCEI 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 and exchange offer for any and all of the JCHC 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 for cash and warrants to purchase shares of non-voting common stock of JCEI. As previously announced, the company has reached an agreement in principle with an ad hoc group (the "Ad Hoc Group") of holders of JCHC Notes on the terms of a consensual restructuring transaction. As previously disclosed, the Ad Hoc Group holds 74.45% of the JCHC Notes and 14.63% of the JCEI 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the 'JCEI Notes' and together with the JCHC Notes, the 'Existing Notes'). The Ad Hoc Group is also working together with other noteholders that together with the Ad Hoc Group hold 86.26% of the JCHC Notes and 42.16% of the JCEI Notes. Prior to the Expiration Time, the Company intends to amend and restate the terms of the Offers consistent with the terms disclosed in the Company's press release issued June 1, 2017 (the "Amended Offers"). The terms of the Amended Offers will be set in an amended and restated Offering Memorandum, which will be distributed to all holders of Existing Notes.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 # 1 Solutions, Inc. United States 101 Transport, Inc. United States 1st Express Inc. United States 24/7 Express Logistics Inc. United States 24:7 Expedite, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      March 9, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      October 28, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jack Cooper Holdings Corp., please visit www.jackcooper.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Jack Cooper Holdings Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






























jack cooper holdings corp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Industrials
Industry: Transportation & Logistics
Sub-Industry: Trucking
Jack Cooper Holdings Corporation operates as a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiary, offers automotive transportation and logistics services. Jack Cooper serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

1100 Walnut Street
Suite 2400
Kansas City, MO 64106
United States


Phone:
1-816-983-4000


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.jackcooper.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Sarah Amico
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp








President/CEO/Treasurer
Company


T Riggs
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp








Chief Financial Officer
Company


Michael Testman
Jack Cooper Holdings Corp








Board Members
Company






























From The Web











Key Executives


Sarah Amico


Chairman




T Michael Riggs "Mike"


President/CEO/Treasurer




Michael S Testman


Chief Financial Officer




Jeff Herr


Chief Operating Officer




Alex Meza


Chief Commercial Officer




Brian Varano


Chief Administrative Officer




Theo A Ciupitu


Exec VP/Asst Secy/Gen Cnsl







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































	Contact






























Shippers/Carriers

















Home/ Contact








Contact Jack Cooper








Contact


Quote


Locations






   We Want to Hear From You Jack Cooper is committed to providing best-in-class service to our customers.    
  For Specific Inquiries, Please Contact One of Our Service Teams:      


AES Shipping
  - Get Help Exporting a Vehicle
Support Hours: Mon-Fri / 9:00am to 5:00pm EST
Phone: 908-436-2150      Email: customerservice@AESshipping.com 




Electronic Proof of Delivery (ePOD)
Support Hours: Mon-Fri / 4:30am to 5:00pm CST
Phone: 1-800-890-1090      Email: palsSupport@jackcooper.com 



Dealer notification for ALL transportation damage claims must be faxed to the number listed in the carrier's profile; found in the upper left corner of the delivery receipt.       



















About Jack Cooper Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.







Contact Information Investors About Management Team Board of Directors Careers

















JKCPZ Stock Quote - Jack-Cooper-Holdings-Corp Summary - Quicken® Investing Center







| Quicken
















 












Skip to main content






Quicken Logo




Quicken Logo








United StatesCanada

 



            Cart            



Sign InMy Account
Investment Portfolio

 









You are here









Loading... 

















































Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Completion of Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Announce Successful Completion of Exchange Transactions with 98.97% of All Notes Tendering






Jun 30, 2017, 1:40pm EDT














ATLANTA, June 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc. ("JCEI") and Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. ("JCHC" and, together with JCEI, the "Company") today announced the successful completion of its previously announced exchange transactions (the "Exchange Transactions") and the retirement of $429.2 million of the Company's outstanding debt, including of $373.9 million of JCHC's 9.25% Senior Secured Notes due 2020 (the "JCHC Notes") and $55.3 million of JCEI's 10.50%/11.25% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2019 (the "JCEI Notes" and, together with the JCHC Notes, the "Existing Notes"). In total, the Existing Notes tendered represent 98.97% of all Existing Notes eligible to participate in the Exchange Transactions.
Michael Riggs, the Company's CEO, commented: "We are pleased to announce the results of the Exchange Transactions for the Existing Notes. The Exchange Transactions, coupled with the 2016 exchange transactions, will reduce the Company's outstanding debt by over $300 million. In addition, the Exchange Transactions will decrease the Company's annual interest expense by over $9.8 million, and the financing for the Exchange Transactions will effectively extend the maturity date of our old bond debt by an additional three years until 2023. This deleveraging event is a critical milestone in the Company's efforts to create a healthy and sustainable balance sheet for all of our constituencies — including our lenders and investors, employees, unions, owners, and most importantly, our customers."
Concurrently with the Offers (as defined below), the Company completed the issuance and sale of $227.5 million of a new series of 13.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 (the "New Secured Notes"). The proceeds from the offering of New Secured Notes were used to fund the cash portion of the Offers. 
The Exchange Transactions included (i) an offer to exchange (the "Exchange Offer") any and all of the JCHC Notes for (a) cash and (b) warrants issued by JCEI exercisable for shares of Class B common stock of JCEI and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCHC Consent Solicitation") to amend the JCHC Notes and related indenture, release the collateral securing the JCHC Notes and consent to a general release and waiver of claims and (ii) an offer to purchase (the "Tender Offer" and, together with the Exchange Offer, the "Offers") any and all of the outstanding JCEI Notes for cash and a related solicitation of consents (the "JCEI Consent Solicitation" and together with the JCHC Consent Solicitations, the "Consent Solicitations") to amend the JCEI Notes and related indenture and to a general release and waiver of claims. Settlement of the Amended Offers occurred on June 30, 2017.
In connection with the Consent Solicitations, JCHC, the JCHC Notes guarantors and the JCHC Notes trustee entered into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCHC Notes giving effect to the JCHC Notes Proposed Amendments and Collateral Release (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement), and JCEI and the JCEI Notes trustee entered into a supplemental indenture to the indenture governing the Existing JCEI Notes giving effect to the JCEI Notes Proposed Amendments (as defined and the Offering Memorandum and Disclosure Statement).
About the Company 
The Company is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions. The Company is a certified Woman-Owned Business Enterprise by the Woman's Business Enterprise Council. 
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jack-cooper-enterprises-inc-and-jack-cooper-holdings-corp-announce-successful-completion-of-exchange-transactions-with-9897-of-all-notes-tendering-300482644.html
SOURCE  Jack Cooper Enterprises, Inc.




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  











Jack Cooper














































































































































































































































































































☰ Menu










          VALUING | 
          VALUING | 
          VALUING | 
          VALUING | 
          VALUING 
        

          INTEGRITY |
          RESPONSIBILITY |
          LONGEVITY |
          INNOVATION |
          EXCELLENCE
        



We always try to do the right thing by being honest and straightforward with each other. |  
          We care about and work to make positive contributions to others, our community, and the world around us. |       
          We lead and manage for the long-term well-being of our company and our employees. |     
          We challenge convention and reinvent the way we do business to meet the demands of a changing marketplace. |       
          We encourage and expect outstanding mastery of skill and superior execution.
        







ALL DRIVER JOBSALL MECHANIC JOBSALL POSITIONS U.S.ALL POSITIONS CANADA


ALL DRIVER JOBS

















          As the largest union auto and truck transportation carrier, we deliver vehicles nationwide to dealerships from plants, rail ramps, ports and auctions. Our drivers meet the highest performance metrics for on-time delivery, reliability, and overall damage-free deliveries. We offer our drivers who join our team, competitive wages and union benefits!
SEARCH NOW 










ALL MECHANIC JOBS



















          Our world-class maintenance team assures our transport equipment is active and efficient. We care for the lifecycle of our fleet–scheduled refurbishing, cycling out and replacing our older equipment. We have 30 complete maintenance facilities for our 3000 rig fleet. We offer Mechanic/Welders who join our team, competitive wages and union benefits.
SEARCH NOW 










ALL POSITIONS U.S.




























        Across the United States and Canada, our fleet of finished vehicle carriers is the largest in North America. We deliver a full spectrum of services within the finished-vehicle and remarketed-vehicle markets, including Land Transportation, Ocean Transportation, Rail & Yard Management, Vehicle Inspections, Claims Management, and Title Services.
SEARCH NOW 










ALL POSITIONS CANADA


















































































































          Across the United States and Canada, our fleet of finished vehicle carriers is the largest in North America. We deliver a full spectrum of services within the finished-vehicle and remarketed-vehicle markets, including Land Transportation, Ocean Transportation, Rail & Yard Management, Vehicle Inspections, Claims Management, and Title Services.
SEARCH NOW 































WORKING HERE
Jack Cooper is a specialty transportation and other logistics provider and the largest over-the-road finished vehicle logistics company in North America. The Company provides premium asset-heavy and asset-light based solutions to the global new and previously-owned vehicle markets, specializing in finished vehicle transportation and other logistics services for major automotive original equipment manufacturers and for fleet ownership companies, remarketers, dealers and auctions.




















 







Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.


 News & Case Alert  on Jack Cooper Holding...



Services » Shipping » Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Appellate (1)
Automotive (4)
Banking (1)
Bankruptcy (5)
Commercial Contracts (1)
Delaware (5)
Employment (1)
Private Equity (4)
Transportation (2)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (5)


April  1, 2016
Yucaipa Loses Ch. 11 Appeal For Control Of Allied's Debt
... million in proceeds the Atlanta car hauler realized when it sold its assets to rival Jack Cooper Holdings...


December  7, 2015
Allied Systems Ch. 11 Plan OK’d After Years Of Contention
..., Allied — now Ashinc Corp. — agreed to sell most of its assets to competitor Jack Cooper...


October  1, 2015
Allied Bankruptcy Deal Is Dead, Second Del. Court Says
... September 2013 for a $135 million deal to sell the bulk of its assets to industry rival Jack Cooper Holdings...


September 10, 2015
Allied Systems Estate Falls Short Of Ch. 11 Confirmation
... sold its assets to rival Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. in a bankruptcy auction in 2013, as well as set up...


November  3, 2014
PE Firm's Claims Pared In Suit Over Allied Bankruptcy
... bankruptcy court. Most of Allied’s assets were sold to Jack Cooper Holdings Corp.

The bankruptcy court...



	Show: 2050100200















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















Jack Cooper Holdings Corp Private Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Transportation, Supply Chain & Logistics  > Jack Cooper Holdings Corp   Plunkett Research Online: Jack Cooper Holdings Corp    JACK COOPER HOLDINGS CORP (Private) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTJack Cooper Holdings Corp. is a transportation and logistics provider and a leading over-the-road finished vehicle logistics (FVL) company in North America.  The firm provides premium asset and non-asset based solutions to the global new and used vehicle markets, specializing in light vehicle transp..... JACK COOPER HOLDINGS CORP  Ticker: PrivateExchange: Parent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 816-983-4000Fax: Address: 1100 Walnut St., Ste. 2400Kansas City, MO 64106 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Michael RiggsCEOMichael S. TestmanCFO See More Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. is a transportation and logistics provider and a leading over-the-road finished vehicle logistics (FVL) company in North America. The firm provides premium asset and non-asset based solutions to the global new and used vehicle markets, specializing in light vehicle transp.....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate Culture    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
