

	CHEAPO Trademark of Jacobs, Ian V.. Serial Number: 77275021 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
CHEAPO










 
Get FREE email alerts













CHEAPO  Trademark Information
 Jacobs, Ian V.
Providing space at a web site for the advertisement of the goods and services of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a web site at which users can link to the web site of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by means of operating an on-line shopping mall with links to the retail web sites of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a website featuring coupons, rebates, price-comp...




Perfect for these industries

Advertising,  Business & Retail Services





Words that describe this mark
providing   space   web   site   advertisement   goods   services   promoting   goods   services   providing   web   site   users   link   web   site   promoting   goods   services   means   operating   online   shopping   mall   links    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CHEAPO trademark by Jacobs, Ian V. 
                                in Omaha, NE, 68132.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CHEAPO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Jacobs, Ian V. of the CHEAPO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CHEAPO trademark.
                           






On Sunday, September 9, 2007,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CHEAPO by 
                        Jacobs, Ian V., Omaha, NE  68132.
                        The USPTO has given the CHEAPO 
                        trademark serial  number of  77275021.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for CHEAPO is 
                        
                        
                                            JACOBS, IAN V. of 
                                            710 JE George Blvd,  OMAHA NE 68132,  
                                .
                            The CHEAPO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Advertising,  Business & Retail Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CHEAPO 
                            is Providing space at a web site for the advertisement of the goods and services of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a web site at which users can link to the web site of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by means of operating an on-line shopping mall with links to the retail web sites of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a website featuring coupons, rebates, price-comparison information, product reviews, links to the retail websites of others, and discount information. 
                            





Word mark:
 CHEAPO


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

6/11/2013



  Serial Number:  
77275021


  Filing Date:  
9/9/2007


 Registration Number:  
3430489 


 Registration Date:  
5/20/2008


 Goods and Services: 
Providing space at a web site for the advertisement of the goods and services of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a web site at which users can link to the web site of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by means of operating an on-line shopping mall with links to the retail web sites of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a website featuring coupons, rebates, price-comparison information, product reviews, links to the retail websites of others, and discount information


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/4/2008


Last Applicant/Owner:

Jacobs, Ian V.Omaha, NE  68132
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JACOBS, IAN V.
710 JE George Blvd
OMAHA NE 68132







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (035) - Advertising; business management; business administration; office functions. 


First Use Anywhere: 
4/28/1998


First Use In Commerce: 
4/10/2007





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CHEAPO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/11/2013
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JACOBS, IAN V.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CHEAPO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cheapo on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CHEAPO 




CHEAPO is providing Providing space at a web site for the advertisement of the goods and services of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a web site at which users can link to the web site of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by means of operating an on-line shopping mall with links to the retail web sites of others; Promoting the goods and services of others by providing a website featuring coupons, rebates, price-comparison information, product reviews, links to the ....
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 



	Home | Jacobs












































































                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.

© British Airways i360






                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.







                        Good Morning
Imagine the possibilities of what we can do for you. Get to know one of the world’s largest and most diverse providers of technical professional and construction services.











 




Apply for a job




See our open positions and tell us about yourself.
Apply now | View hot jobs


 




Sustainability




At Jacobs, we see sustainability differently.

Learn more about sustainability










 




News



 








See more news | Investors area



Join Now
Live Webcast:
Q2 Results Earnings Call Webcast
May 9, 2017 at 11 a.m. EST
























Return to top




Contact us
File transfer
Company store
Privacy & terms
© 2017 Jacobs. All rights reserved.










Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017





Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Jane Jacobs - Wikipedia






















 






Jane Jacobs

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Jacobsian)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other people named Jane Jacobs, see Jane Jacobs (disambiguation).


Jane Jacobs
OC OOnt



Jane Jacobs as chairperson of a Greenwich Village civic group at a 1961 press conference



Born
Jane Butzner
(1916-05-04)May 4, 1916
Scranton, Pennsylvania, U.S.


Died
April 25, 2006(2006-04-25) (aged 89)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Residence
Greenwich Village, New York City
The Annex, Toronto


Education
Graduated from Scranton High School; two years of undergraduate studies at Columbia University


Occupation
Journalist, author, urban theorist


Employer
Amerika, Architectural Forum


Organization
Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway, Stop Spadina Save Our City Coordinating Committee


Notable work
The Death and Life of Great American Cities


Spouse(s)
Robert Jacobs


Children
Ned Jacobs, James Jacobs, Mary Burgin Jacobs


Awards
OC, OOnt, Vincent Scully Prize, National Building Museum


Jane Jacobs OC OOnt (born Jane Butzner; May 4, 1916 – April 25, 2006) was an American-Canadian journalist, author, and activist best known for her influence on urban studies, sociology, and economics. Her influential book The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) argued that urban renewal did not respect the needs of most city-dwellers. In the book she introduced sociological concepts such as "eyes on the street" and "social capital".[1][2]
Jacobs was well known for organizing grassroots efforts to protect existing neighborhoods from "slum clearance" – and particularly for her opposition to Robert Moses in his plans to overhaul her neighborhood, Greenwich Village. She was instrumental in the eventual cancellation of the Lower Manhattan Expressway, which would have passed directly through SoHo and Little Italy. She was arrested in 1968 for inciting a crowd at a public hearing on that project. After moving to Toronto in 1968, she joined the opposition to the Spadina Expressway and the associated network of expressways in Toronto planned, and under construction.
As a mother and a writer who criticized experts in the male-dominated field of urban planning, Jacobs endured scorn from established figures. She did not have a college degree or any formal training in urban planning, and her lack of such credentials was seized upon as grounds for criticism by some.



Contents


1 Early years

1.1 New York City


2 Career

2.1 Amerika
2.2 Architectural Forum
2.3 Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities
2.4 Struggle for Greenwich Village


3 Life in Toronto
4 Legacy

4.1 Jane Jacobs Days
4.2 Jane's Walks
4.3 Exhibitions
4.4 Jane Jacobs Medal
4.5 Other honors


5 Criticism
6 Works

6.1 The Death and Life of Great American Cities
6.2 The Economy of Cities
6.3 The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty
6.4 Cities and the Wealth of Nations
6.5 Systems of Survival
6.6 The Nature of Economies
6.7 Dark Age Ahead


7 Orthodox urbanism
8 Bibliography
9 See also
10 References
11 Sources
12 Further reading
13 External links



Early years[edit]
Jacobs was born Jane Butzner in Scranton, Pennsylvania, the daughter of Bess Robison Butzner, a former teacher and nurse and John Decker Butzner, a physician. They were a Protestant family in a heavily Roman Catholic town.[3] Her brother, John Decker Butzner, Jr., served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. After graduation from Scranton High School, she worked for a year as the unpaid assistant to the women's page editor at the Scranton Tribune.
New York City[edit]
In 1935, during the Great Depression, she moved to New York City with her sister Betty.[4] Jane Butzner took an immediate liking to Manhattan's Greenwich Village, which did not conform to the city's grid structure. The sisters soon moved there from Brooklyn.[5][6]
During her first several years in the city, Jacobs held a variety of jobs, working mainly as a stenographer and freelance writer, often writing about working districts in the city. These experiences, she later said, "… gave me more of a notion of what was going on in the city and what business was like, what work was like." Her first job was for a trade magazine, first as a secretary, then as an editor. She sold articles to the Sunday Herald Tribune, Cue magazine, and Vogue.[7]
She studied at Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, taking courses in geology, zoology, law, political science, and economics.[8] About the freedom to pursue study across her wide-ranging interests, she said:

For the first time I liked school and for the first time I made good marks. This was almost my undoing because after I had garnered, statistically, a certain number of credits I became the property of Barnard College at Columbia, and once I was the property of Barnard I had to take, it seemed, what Barnard wanted me to take, not what I wanted to learn. Fortunately my high-school marks had been so bad that Barnard decided I could not belong to it and I was therefore allowed to continue getting an education.[9]

Career[edit]
After attending Columbia University's School of General Studies for two years, Butzner found a job at Iron Age magazine. Her 1943 article on economic decline in Scranton was well-publicized and led the Murray Corporation to locate a warplane factory there. Encouraged by this success, Butzner petitioned the War Production Board to support more operations in Scranton.[10] Experiencing discrimination at Iron Age, she also advocated for equal pay for women and for the right of workers to unionize.[11]
Amerika[edit]
She became a feature writer for the Office of War Information, and then a reporter for Amerika, a publication of the U.S. State Department.[12] While working there she met Robert Hyde Jacobs Jr., a Columbia-educated architect who was designing warplanes for Grumman. They married in 1944. Together they had a daughter, Burgin, and two sons, James and Ned. They bought a three-story building at 555 Hudson St. Jane continued to write for Amerika after the war, while Robert left Grumman and resumed work as an architect.[13]
The Jacobses rejected the rapidly growing suburbs as "parasitic", choosing instead to remain in Greenwich Village.[14] They renovated their new house, in the middle of a mixed residential and commercial area, and created a garden in the backyard.[15]
Working for the State Department during McCarthyism, Jacobs received a questionnaire regarding her political beliefs and loyalties. Jacobs was anti-communist, and had left the Federal Workers Union because of its apparent communist sympathies. Nevertheless, she was pro-union and purportedly, appreciated the writing of Saul Alinsky; therefore she was under suspicion.[16][17] On March 25, 1952, Jacobs delivered a now-famous response to Conrad E. Snow, chairman of the Loyalty Security Board at the United States Department of State. In her foreword to her answer, she said:

The other threat to the security of our tradition, I believe, lies at home. It is the current fear of radical ideas and of people who propound them. I do not agree with the extremists of either the left or the right, but I think they should be allowed to speak and to publish, both because they themselves have, and ought to have, rights, and once their rights are gone, the rights of the rest of us are hardly safe …[18]

Architectural Forum[edit]
Jacobs left Amerika in 1952 when it announced that it would relocate to Washington, D.C.[19] She found a well-paying job at Architectural Forum, published by Henry Luce of Time Inc.[20] After early success on the job, Jacobs began to take assignments on urban planning and "urban blight".[21] In 1954, she was assigned to cover a development in Philadelphia designed by Edmund Bacon. Although her editors expected a positive story, Jacobs criticized Bacon's project, reacting against the apparent lack of care shown for the poor African Americans who were directly affected. When Bacon showed Jacobs examples of undeveloped and developed blocks, she determined that "development" seemed to end active community life on the street.[22][23] When Jacobs returned to the offices of Architectural Forum, she began to question the 1950s consensus on urban planning.[24]
In 1955, Jacobs met William Kirk, an Episcopal minister who worked in East Harlem. Kirk came to the Architectural Forum offices to describe the impact that "revitalization" had on East Harlem, and he introduced Jacobs to the neighborhood.[25]
In 1956, Jacobs delivered a lecture at Harvard University, standing in for Douglas Haskell of Architectural Forum.[19] She addressed leading architects, urban planners, and intellectuals (including Lewis Mumford), speaking on the topic of East Harlem. She urged this audience to "respect – in the deepest sense – strips of chaos that have a weird wisdom of their own not yet encompassed in our concept of urban order." Contrary to her expectations, the talk was received with enthusiasm, but it also marked her as a threat to established urban planners, real estate owners, and developers.[26][27] Architectural Forum printed the speech that year, along with photographs of East Harlem.[28]
Rockefeller Foundation and Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
After reading the text of her Harvard speech, William H. Whyte invited Jacobs to write a piece for Fortune magazine. The resulting piece, "Downtown Is for People", appeared in a 1958 issue of Fortune, and marked her first public criticism of Robert Moses.[29] Her stance – particularly her criticism of the Lincoln Center – was not popular with supporters of urban renewal at Architectural Forum and Fortune.[30] It particularly outraged C. D. Jackson, the publisher of Fortune, who demanded of Whyte over the phone: "Who is this crazy dame?"[31][32]
The Fortune piece brought Jacobs to the attention of Chadbourne Gilpatric, then associate director of the Humanities Division at the Rockefeller Foundation.[33] The foundation had moved aggressively into urban topics, with a recent award to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology for studies of urban aesthetics that would culminate in the publication of Kevin A. Lynch's Image of the City.[19] In May 1958, Gilpatric invited Jacobs to begin serving as a reviewer for grant proposals.[19] Later that year, the Rockefeller Foundation awarded a grant to Jacobs to produce a critical study of city planning and urban life in the U.S. (From the mid-1950s to the mid-1960s, the foundation's Humanities Division sponsored an "Urban Design Studies" research program, of which Jacobs was the best known grantee.)[19] Gilpatric encouraged Jacobs to "explor[e] the field of urban design to look for ideas and actions which may improve thinking on how the design of cities might better serve urban life, including cultural and humane value."[19] Affiliating with The New School (then called The New School for Social Research), she spent three years conducting research and writing drafts. In 1961, Random House published the product of her research: The Death and Life of Great American Cities.
The Death and Life of Great American Cities remains one of the most influential books in the history of American city planning.[34] She coined many terms such as [social capital]]", "mixed primary uses", and "eyes on the street", which were adopted professionally in urban design, sociology, and other fields.[35] Jacobs painted a devastating picture of the entire profession of city planning, labeling it a pseudoscience. This led to angry responses from various rich and powerful men. Jacobs was criticized as a "militant dame" and a "housewife": an amateur who had no right to interfere with an established discipline.[36] Her book also was criticized from the left for leaving out race and accepting gentrification.[37]
In 1962 she gave up her position at Architectural Forum to become a full-time author and mother.[38] In addition to her local politics, she was a notable opponent of the Vietnam War, and marched on the Pentagon in October 1967.[39] She criticized the construction of the World Trade Center as a disaster for Manhattan's waterfront.[40]
Struggle for Greenwich Village[edit]
During the 1950s and 1960s, Jacobs' home neighborhood of Greenwich Village was being transformed by developers, the expansion of New York University (NYU), and by the urban renewal plans of Robert Moses. Moses' plan, funded as "slum clearance" by Title I of the Housing Act of 1949, also called for several blocks to be razed and replaced with upscale high-rises. The plan forced 132 families out of their homes and displaced 1,000 small businesses—the result was Washington Square Village.[41]




Jacobs fought to prevent Washington Square Park, pictured, from being demolished for a highway


As part of his efforts to revitalize the area, Moses first proposed the extension of Fifth Avenue through Washington Square Park in 1935. In the face of community opposition, Moses shelved the project, but revived the idea in the 1950s. Moses argued that the Fifth Avenue extension would improve the flow of traffic through the neighborhood and provide access to the planned Lower Manhattan Expressway (LOMEX), which would connect the Manhattan Bridge and Williamsburg Bridge with the Holland Tunnel.[42]
In response, local activist Shirley Hayes created the "Committee to Save Washington Square Park", a coalition of dozens of local neighborhood groups that opposed the roadway extension. Raymond S. Rubinow eventually took over the organization, changing its name to the “Joint Emergency Committee to Close Washington Square to Traffic.” Jacobs had joined the committee under Hayes, but took a more prominent role under Rubinow, reaching out to media outlets such as the Village Voice, which provided more sympathetic coverage than did publications such as the New York Times.[43] The committee gained the support of notables such as Margaret Mead, Eleanor Roosevelt, Lewis Mumford, Charles Abrams, and William H. Whyte, as well as Carmine De Sapio, Greenwich Village resident and influential Democratic leader. De Sapio's involvement proved decisive.[44] On June 25, 1958, the city closed Washington Square Park to traffic, and the joint committee held a ribbon tying (not cutting) ceremony.[45]
Plans for LOMEX expressway continued, however, despite growing community opposition in areas such as Little Italy. In the 1960s, Jacobs chaired the Joint Committee to Stop the Lower Manhattan Expressway. Papers such as The New York Times were sympathetic to Moses, while the newly created Village Voice covered community rallies and advocated against the expressway.[46] Jacobs continued to fight the expressway when plans resurfaced in 1962, 1965, and 1968, and she became a local hero for her opposition to the project.[47] She was arrested by a plainclothes police officer on April 10, 1968, at a public hearing during which the crowd had charged the stage and destroyed the stenographer's notes.[48] She was accused of inciting a riot, criminal mischief, and obstructing public administration. After months of trials conducted in New York City (to which Jacobs commuted from Toronto), her charge was reduced to disorderly conduct.[1][49]
New York: A Documentary Film devoted an hour of the eight-part, seventeen-and-a-half-hour series to the battle between Moses and Jacobs.[50] Although Robert Caro's highly critical biography of Moses, The Power Broker, gives only passing mention to this event, despite Jacobs's strong influence on Caro.[51][52]
Life in Toronto[edit]




Jacobs lived at 69 Albany Avenue (white porch) in Toronto's Annex for 35 years


Soon after her arrest in 1968, Jacobs moved to Toronto, eventually settling at 69 Albany Avenue in The Annex from 1971 until her death in 2006.[39] She decided to leave the U.S. in part because she opposed the Vietnam War, she worried about the fate of her two draft-age sons, and she did not want to continue fighting the NYC government. She and her husband chose Toronto because it was pleasant and offered employment opportunities,[53] and they moved to an area of the Toronto that included so many Americans avoiding the draft it was called the "American ghetto".[54]
She quickly became a leading figure in her new city and helped stop the proposed Spadina Expressway. A frequent theme of her work was to ask whether we are building cities for people or for cars. She was arrested twice during demonstrations.[18] She also had considerable influence on the regeneration of the St. Lawrence neighborhood, a housing project regarded as a major success. She became a Canadian citizen in 1974, and she later told writer James Howard Kunstler that dual citizenship was not possible at the time, implying that her U.S. citizenship was lost.[55]
In 1980, she offered an urbanistic perspective on Quebec's sovereignty in her book The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Separation. Jacobs was an advocate of a Province of Toronto to separate the city proper from Ontario. Jacobs said, "Cities, to thrive in the twenty-first century, must separate themselves politically from their surrounding areas."[citation needed]
She was selected to be an officer of the Order of Canada in 1996 for her seminal writings and thought-provoking commentaries on urban development. The community and urban sociology section of the American Sociological Association awarded her its Outstanding Lifetime Contribution award in 2002. In 1997, the city government of Toronto sponsored a conference entitled "Jane Jacobs: Ideas That Matter", which led to a book by the same name. At the end of the conference, the Jane Jacobs Prize was created. It includes an annual stipend of $5,000 for three years to be given to "celebrate Toronto's original, unsung heroes – by seeking out citizens who are engaged in activities that contribute to the city’s vitality".[56]




Jacobs with Ecotrust foreman Spencer Beebe in Portland, Oregon, 2004


Jacobs never shied away from expressing her political support for specific candidates. She opposed the 1997 amalgamation of the cities of Metro Toronto, fearing that individual neighborhoods would have less power with the new structure. She backed an ecologist, Tooker Gomberg, who lost Toronto's 2000 mayoralty race, and was an adviser to David Miller's successful mayoral campaign in 2003, at a time when he was seen as a longshot. During the mayoral campaign, Jacobs helped lobby against the construction of a bridge to join the city waterfront to Toronto City Centre Airport (TCCA).[57] Following the election, the Toronto city council’s earlier decision to approve the bridge was reversed and bridge construction project was stopped. TCCA did upgrade the ferry service and the airport was still in operation as of 2015.
Jacobs also was active in a fight against a plan of Royal St. George's College (an established school very close to Jacobs' long-time residence in Toronto’s Annex district) to reconfigure its facilities. Jacobs suggested not only that the redesign be stopped, but also, that the school be forced from the neighborhood entirely.[58] Although Toronto council initially rejected the school’s plans, the decision later was reversed – and the project was given the go-ahead by the Ontario Municipal Board (OMB) when opponents failed to produce credible witnesses and tried to withdraw from the case during the hearing.[59]
She also had an influence on Vancouver's urban planning. Jacobs has been called "the mother of Vancouverism",[60] referring to that city's use of her "density done well" philosophy.[61]
Jacobs died in Toronto Western Hospital aged 89, on April 25, 2006, apparently, of a stroke.[62] She was survived by a brother, James Butzner (d. 2009[63]); her two sons, James and Ned of Vancouver,[64] and a daughter, Burgin Jacobs; by two grandchildren and two great-grandchildren. Upon her death her family's statement noted:

What's important is not that she died but that she lived, and that her life's work has greatly influenced the way we think. Please remember her by reading her books and implementing her ideas.[65]

Legacy[edit]
Jacobs is credited, along with Lewis Mumford, with inspiring the New Urbanist movement.[66] She has been characterized as a major influence on decentralist [67] and radical centrist thought.[68] She discussed her legacy in an interview with Reason magazine.

Reason: What do you think you'll be remembered for most? You were the one who stood up to the federal bulldozers and the urban renewal people and said they were destroying the lifeblood of these cities. Is that what it will be?
Jacobs: No. If I were to be remembered as a really important thinker of the century, the most important thing I've contributed is my discussion of what makes economic expansion happen. This is something that has puzzled people always. I think I've figured out what it is.
Expansion and development are two different things. Development is differentiation of what already existed. Practically every new thing that happens is a differentiation of a previous thing, from a new shoe sole to changes in legal codes. Expansion is an actual growth in size or volume of activity. That is a different thing.
I've gone at it two different ways. Way back when I wrote The Economy of Cities, I wrote about import replacing and how that expands, not just the economy of the place where it occurs, but economic life altogether. As a city replaces imports, it shifts its imports. It doesn't import less. And yet it has everything it had before.
Reason: It's not a zero-sum game. It's a bigger, growing pie.
Jacobs: That's the actual mechanism of it. The theory of it is what I explain in The Nature of Economies. I equate it to what happens with biomass, the sum total of all flora and fauna in an area. The energy, the material that's involved in this, doesn't just escape the community as an export. It continues being used in a community, just as in a rainforest the waste from certain organisms and various plants and animals gets used by other ones in the place.
— Jane Jacobs, "City Views: Urban studies legend Jane Jacobs on gentrification, the New Urbanism, and her legacy", Reason, June 2001, Interviewer: Bill Steigerwald

While Jacobs saw her greatest legacy to be her contributions to economic theory, it is in the realm of urban planning that she has had her most extensive impact. Her observations about the ways in which cities function revolutionized the urban planning profession and discredited many accepted planning models that dominated mid-century planning.[69] The influential Harvard Economist Edward Glaeser, known for his work on urban studies, acknowledged [70] that Jane Jacobs (1960s) had been prescient in attacking Moses for "replacing well-functioning neighborhoods with Le Corbusier-inspired towers." Glaeser agreed that these housing projects proved to be Moses' greatest failures, "Moses spent millions and evicted tens of thousands to create buildings that became centers of crime, poverty, and despair."[71]
She also was famous for introducing concepts such as the "Ballet of the Sidewalk" and "Eyes on the Street", a reference to what would later be known as natural surveillance. The concept had a huge influence on planners and architects such as Oscar Newman, who operationalized the idea through a series of studies that would culminate in his defensible space theory. Jacobs's and Newman's work would go on to affect American housing policy through the HOPE VI Program, an effort by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to demolish the high-rise public housing projects so reviled by Jacobs, and to replace them with low-rise, mixed-income housing.
Throughout her life, she fought to alter the way in which city development was approached. By arguing that cities were living beings and ecosystems, she advocated ideas such as "mixed use" development and bottom-up planning. Furthermore, her harsh criticisms of "slum clearing" and "high-rise housing" projects were instrumental in discrediting these once universally-supported planning practices.[1][72]
Jacobs is remembered as being an advocate for the mindful development of cities,[73] and for leaving "a legacy of empowerment for citizens to trust their common sense and become advocates for their place".[74]
Despite the fact that Jacobs mainly focused on New York, her arguments have been identified as universal.[75] For instance, her opposition against the demolition of urban neighbourhoods for projects of urban renewal had "special resonance" in Melbourne, Australia.[76] In Melbourne in the 1960s, resident associations fought against large-scale high-rise housing projects of the Housing Commission of Victoria, which they argued had little regard for the impact on local communities.[76]
Jacobs fought an uphill battle against dominant trends of planning despite the United States remaining very much a suburban nation,[77] the work of Jacobs has contributed to city living being rehabilitated and revitalized. Because of her ideas, today, many distressed urban neighbourhoods are more likely to be gentrified than cleared for redevelopment.[69]

It may be that we have become so feckless as a people that we no longer care how things do work, but only what kind of quick, easy outer impression they give. If so, there is little hope for our cities or probably for much else in our society. But I do not think this is so.
— Jane Jacobs, The Death And Life of Great American Cities, 1961


In her book 'Death and Life of Great American Cities,' written in 1961, Ms. Jacobs's enormous achievement was to transcend her own withering critique of 20th-century urban planning and propose radically new principles for rebuilding cities. At a time when both common and inspired wisdom called for bulldozing slums and opening up city space, Ms. Jacobs's prescription was ever more diversity, density and dynamism – in effect, to crowd people and activities together in a jumping, joyous urban jumble.
— Douglas Martin, The New York Times, April 25, 2006

Samuel R. Delany's book Times Square Red, Times Square Blue relies heavily on The Death and Life of Great American Cities in its analysis of the nature of social relations within the realm of urban studies.
Jane Jacobs Days[edit]
After Jacobs' death in April 2006, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced a Jane Jacobs Day, held on June 28, 2006.[78] The City of Toronto proclaimed her birthday the following year, May 4, 2007, as Jane Jacobs Day.
Jane's Walks[edit]




A Jane's Walk group pauses at Fort York National Historic Site in Toronto


In connection with Jane Jacobs Day in Toronto, two dozen free neighborhood walks in the city were offered that weekend (May 5, 2007) as an active memorial to Jacobs, and were dubbed Jane's Walks. A Jane's Walk event was later held in New York on September 29 and 30, 2007. In 2008, the event spread to eight cities and towns throughout Canada, and by 2016, Jane's Walks were taking place in 212 cities in 36 countries, on six continents.[79] The interpretive walks typically apply ideas Jacobs identified or espoused to local areas, which are explored on foot and sometimes by bicycle. The walks normally take place in early May, on or close to her May 4 birthday. Walks are organized and led by local volunteers, coordinated by a headquarters office in Toronto. There are more than 200 walks offered in Toronto, alone, in 2016, taking place May 6, 7 and 8.[80]
Exhibitions[edit]
In 2016, to mark the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, a Toronto gallery is staging "Jane at Home", an exhibition running from April 29 to May 8. Curated by Jane's son, Jim Jacobs, it offers glimpses of her home life, where she also worked. Her Toronto living room is represented, based on the one at her Albany Avenue house in The Annex, where she often spoke with noted thinkers and political leaders including Marshall McLuhan, Paul Martin, and the Queen of the Netherlands. On display are her typewriter, original manuscripts, rediscovered photographs demonstrating her distinctive styles,[81] and personal mementos. The exhibit includes furniture from previous homes in New York (her dining room is set up) and from Scranton, Pennsylvania.[82][83]
In 2007, the Municipal Art Society of New York partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation to host an exhibit focusing on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York," which opened at the society in September that year. The exhibit aimed to educate the public on her writings and activism and used tools to encourage new generations to become active in issues involving their own neighborhoods. An accompanying exhibit publication includes essays and articles by such architecture critics, artists, activists, and journalists as Malcolm Gladwell, Reverend Billy, Robert Neuwirth, Tom Wolfe, Thomas de Monchaux, and William McDonough.[84] Many of these contributors participated in a series of panel discussions on "Jane Jacobs and the Future of New York".[85]
Jane Jacobs Medal[edit]
As a tribute to Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, which had awarded Jacobs grants in the 1950s and 1960s, announced on February 9, 2007, the creation of the Jane Jacobs Medal, "to recognize individuals who have made a significant contribution to thinking about urban design, specifically in New York City".[86] Recipients:

Barry Benepe, co-founder of the NYC Green Market program and a founding member of Transportation Alternatives, was awarded with the inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and a $100,000 cash prize in September 2007. The inaugural Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism was awarded to Omar Freilla, the founder of Green Worker Cooperatives in the South Bronx; Mr. Freilla donated his $100,000 to his organization.
Peggy Shepard, executive director of West Harlem Environmental Action, received the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership and Alexie Torres-Fleming, founder of Youth Ministries for Peace and Justice, received the award for New Ideas and Activism. Both women received their medals and $100,000 awards at a dinner ceremony in September 2008 in New York City.
Damaris Reyes, executive director of Good Old Lower East Side (GOLES), received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism. Richard Kahan, as founder and CEO of the Urban Assembly, which created and manages 22 secondary public schools located in many of the lowest income neighborhoods in New York City, received the 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership. Both received $100,000, in addition to the medal.[87]
The 2010 recipients were Joshua David and Robert Hammond, whose work in establishing the High Line Park atop an unused elevated railroad line, led the foundation to award the 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for New Ideas and Activism, along with $60,000 to each man. The 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal for Lifetime Leadership was given to Elizabeth Barlow Rogers, for her longtime work as writer, park administrator, and co-founder of Central Park Conservancy. She also received $80,000.[88]

The Canadian Urban Institute offers an award in Jacobs' name, the Jane Jacobs Lifetime Achievement Award, to recognize a person "who has had significant impact on the health of their region consistent with Jane Jacob’s belief that successful cities foster a place-based, community-centred approach."[89]
The 2011 winner was Eberhard Zeidler,[90] while his daughter, Margie Zeidler, won the 2015 award. In 2012, Anne Golden took the prize "for her long-standing leadership in public policy, her academic work and her varied leadership experience in business, not-for-profit and government sectors."[91] William (Bill) Teron accepted the 2013 award "for his influential career in public policy and passionate advocacy for quality design and commitment to development in the Ottawa area."[92] In 2014, Jack Diamond was recognized for his "contribution to improving the built form and advocacy for cities and the future of the Greater Toronto Area."[93]
Other honors[edit]

Jane Jacobs Park, 11 Wellesley Street West, Toronto (under construction in 2016)
Jane Jacobs Way, West Village, New York City ( Hudson Street and 11th Street, NY, NY)
Jane Jacobs sculptural chairs, Victoria Memorial Square (St. John's Square), Toronto[94]
Jane Jacobs Toronto Legacy Plaque, 69 Albany Avenue, Toronto[95]
Jacobs' Ladder, rose bushes dedicated by Grassroots Albany (neighbors) in 1997, Toronto
Jane Jacobs Street, Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Jane Jacobs Street (Village of Cheshire) Black Mountain, North Carolina
a Google Doodle marked the 100th anniversary of Jacobs' birth, on May 4, 2016, and was featured on Google's homepage in 15 countries on four continents[96]

Jacobs received the second Vincent Scully Prize from the National Building Museum in 2000.[97]
Jacobs is the subject of the 2017 movie Citizen Jane: Battle for the City (NYT review), which depicts her victories over Robert Moses and her philosophy of urban design.
Criticism[edit]
The planners and developers she fought in order to preserve the West Village were among those who initially criticised her ideas. Robert Moses has generally been identified as her archrival during this period. Since then, Jacobs’ ideas have been analysed many times, often in regard to the outcomes that their influences have produced.[98][99][100][101][102][103]
In places such as the West Village, the factors that she argued would maintain economic and cultural diversity have led instead to gentrification and some of the most expensive real estate in the world. Her own home sold in the 2000s for more than $3 million.[104] Arguably, her own white-collar family’s conversion of an old candy shop into a home was indicative of the gentrifying trend that would continue under the influence of Jacobs’s ideas.[100][105]
Gentrification also was caused, however, by "the completely unexpected influx of affluent residents back into the inner city".[100] The extent to which her ideas facilitated this phenomenon was at the time unimaginable. For example, she advocated the preservation of older buildings specifically because their lack of economic value made them affordable for poor people. In this respect, she saw them as "guarantors of social diversity" (Klemek, 2011:76). That many of these older structures have increased in economic value solely due to their age was implausible in 1961. Issues of gentrification have dominated criticism of Jane Jacobs’ planning ideas.[106]
Her concepts have also been criticized more broadly. Economist Tyler Cowen has criticized her ideas for not addressing problems of scale or infrastructure, and suggests that economists disagree with some of her approaches to development.[99] For example, although her ideas of planning were praised at times as "universal",[75] they are now thought inapplicable when a city grows from one million to ten million (as has happened many times in developing nations). Such arguments suggest that the ideas apply only to cities with similar issues to those of New York, where Jacobs developed many of her ideas.
Works[edit]
Jane Jacobs spent her life studying cities. Her books include:
The Death and Life of Great American Cities[edit]
Main article: The Death and Life of Great American Cities
The Death and Life of Great American Cities is her single-most influential book and possibly the most influential book on urban planning and cities. Widely read by both planning professionals and the general public, the book is a strong critique of the urban renewal policies of the 1950s, which, she claimed, destroyed communities and created isolated, unnatural urban spaces. Jacobs advocated the abolition of zoning laws and restoration of free markets in land, which would result in dense, mixed-use neighborhoods and frequently cited New York City's Greenwich Village as an example of a vibrant urban community.
Robert Caro has cited it as the strongest influence on The Power Broker, his Pulitzer-winning biography of Robert Moses, though Caro does not mention Jacobs by name even once in the book despite Jacobs' battles with Moses over his proposed Lower Manhattan Expressway. Caro reportedly cut a chapter about Jacobs due to his book's length.[107]
Beyond the practical lessons in city design and planning that Death and Life offers, the theoretical underpinnings of the work challenge the modern development mindset. Jane Jacobs defends her positions with common sense and anecdotes.
The Economy of Cities[edit]
The thesis of this book is that cities are the primary drivers of economic development. Her main argument is that explosive economic growth derives from urban import replacement. Import replacement occurs when a city begins to produce goods locally that it formerly imported, e.g., Tokyo bicycle factories replacing Tokyo bicycle importers in the 1800s. Jacobs claims that import replacement builds up local infrastructure, skills, and production. Jacobs also claims that the increased production is subsequently exported to other cities, giving those other cities a new opportunity to engage in import replacement, thus producing a positive cycle of growth.
In an interview with Bill Steigerwald in Reason Magazine, Jacobs said that if she is remembered for being a great intellectual she will be remembered not for her work concerning city planning, but for the discovery of import replacement. Critics erroneously claim that her ideas parrot the idea of import substitution advanced earlier by scholars such as Andre Gunder Frank. Import substitution was a national economic theory implying that if a nation substituted its imports with national production the nation would become wealthier, whereas Jacob's idea is entirely about cities and could be called urban import substitution. However, even this would lead to confusion since in practice, import substitution in India and Latin America were government subsidized and mandated, whereas Jacobs' concept of import replacement is a free market process of discovery and division of labor within a city.[108]
In the second part of the book Jacobs argues that cities preceded agriculture. She argues that in cities trade in wild animals and grains allowed for the initial division of labor necessary for the discovery of husbandry and agriculture; these discoveries then moved out of the city due to land competition. Another interpretation of history, generally and erroneously considered to be contradictory to Jacobs' is supported by Marxist archaeologist Vere Gordon Childe and in recent times by another historical materialist Charles Keith Maisels[109][110] These writers argue that agriculture preceded cities. The apparent opposition between Childe and Jacobs theories rests in their definition of 'city,' 'civilization,' or 'urban.' Childe, like other materialists such as Maisels or Henri Lefebvre defines 'urban' or 'civilization' as Synoecism—as a literate, socially stratified, monolithic political community,[111] whereas, as one can see from The Economy of Cities or from Cities and the Wealth of Nations, Jacobs defines the city purely along the lines of geographically dense trade giving way to entrepreneurial discovery and subsequent improvements in the division of labor. Without the requirements of literacy, monumental building, or the signs of specialized civil and armed forces, 'cities' can be accurately be interpreted to exists thousands of years before when Childe and Maisels place them. However, Jacobs' definition is supposition, since 'city' is defined simply as a large town or "a large human settlement" indicating permanence. The earliest remains of mankind uncovered by archaeologists do not give us more information other than they were hunter-gatherers as there is no evidence yet of farming or settlement, implying nomadic lifestyles until further discoveries are found.[112]
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty[edit]
The Question of Separatism incorporated and expanded Jacobs’ presentation of the 1979 Massey Lectures, entitled Canadian Cities and Sovereignty-Association. It was published in 1980 and reprinted in 2011 with a previously-unpublished 2005 interview with Robin Philpot on the subject in which she evokes the relative overlooking of that book among her usual readership. This was in fact the first time she was requested to discuss it in an interview. Columnist Richard Gwyn advanced that while not openly criticizing her, English-speaking Canadians readers thought she did not understood how Canadian politics worked and that she was not being helpful in a time of distress for national unity (the 1980 referendum was just defeated by a vote of 60%). The Question of Separatism was also not mentioned in the bibliography of her 2006 obituary in The Globe and Mail.[113]
Jacobs' book advances the view that Quebec's eventual independence is best for Montreal, Toronto, the rest of Canada, and the world; and that such independence can be achieved peacefully. As precedent, she cites Norway's secession from Sweden and how it enriched both nations. The origins of the contemporary secessionist-movement in the Quiet Revolution are examined, along with Canada’s historical reliance on natural resources and foreign-owned manufacturing for its own economic development. Jacobs asserts that such an approach is colonial and hence backward, citing by example Canada buying its skis and furniture from Norway or Norwegian-owned factories in Canada, the latter procedure being a product of Canadian tariffs designed specifically to foster such factories. The relevant public views of René Lévesque, Claude Ryan, and then Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau are also critically analyzed, an example being their failure to recognize that two respective, independent currencies are essential to the success of an independent Quebec and a smaller resultant Canada, an issue that is central to her book. Jacobs stresses the need for Montreal to continue developing its leadership of Québécois culture, but that such a need can ultimately never be fulfilled by Montreal's increasing tendencies toward regional-city status, tendencies foretelling economic, political, and cultural subservience to English-speaking Toronto. Such an outcome, Jacobs believed, would in the long run doom Quebec's independence as much as it would hinder Canada's own future. She concludes with her observation that the popular equating of political secession with political and economic failure is the result of the Enlightenment, which perceived nature as a force for "standardization, uniformity, universality, and immutability." Since then, naturalists and their readers have gradually realized that nature is a force for diversity, and that, "diversity itself is of the essence of excellence." The right kind of secession, Jacobs states, can lead to the right kind of diversity, and Quebec and Canada are capable of both, and must achieve both, to survive.
Cities and the Wealth of Nations[edit]
Cities and the Wealth of Nations attempts to do for economics what The Death and Life of Great American Cities did for modern urban planning, though it has not received the same critical attention. Beginning with a concise treatment of classical economics, this book challenges one of the fundamental assumptions of the greatest economists. Classical (and Neo-classical) economists consider the nation-state to be the main player in macroeconomics. Jacobs argues that it is not the nation-state, rather it is the city which is the true player in this worldwide game. She restates the idea of import replacement from her earlier book The Economy of Cities, while speculating on the further ramifications of considering the city first and the nation second, or not at all.
Systems of Survival[edit]
Main article: Systems of Survival
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics moves outside of the city, studying the moral underpinnings of work. As with her other work, she used an observational approach. This book is written as a Platonic dialogue. It appears that she (as described by characters in her book) took newspaper clippings of moral judgments related to work, collected and sorted them to find that they fit two patterns of moral behaviour that were mutually exclusive. She calls these two patterns "Moral Syndrome A", or commercial moral syndrome, and "Moral Syndrome B", or guardian moral syndrome. She claims that the commercial moral syndrome is applicable to business owners, scientists, farmers, and traders. Similarly, she claims that the guardian moral syndrome is applicable to government, charities, hunter-gatherers, and religious institutions. She also claims that these Moral Syndromes are fixed, and do not fluctuate over time.
It is important to stress that Jane Jacobs is providing a theory about the morality of work, and not all moral ideas. Moral ideas that are not included in her syndrome are applicable to both syndromes.
Jane Jacobs goes on to describe what happens when these two moral syndromes are mixed, showing the work underpinnings of the Mafia and communism, and what happens when New York subway Police are paid bonuses here – reinterpreted slightly as a part of the larger analysis.
The Nature of Economies[edit]
The Nature of Economies, a dialog between friends concerning the premise: "human beings exist wholly within nature as part of the natural order in every respect" (p. ix), argues that the same principles underlie both ecosystems and economies: "development and co-development through differentiations and their combinations; expansion through diverse, multiple uses of energy; and self-maintenance through self-refueling" (p. 82).
Jacobs' characters discuss the four methods by which "dynamically stable systems" may evade collapse: "bifurcations; positive-feedback loops; negative-feedback controls; and emergency adaptations" (p. 86). Their conversations also cover the "double nature of fitness for survival" (traits to avoid destroying one's own habitat as well as success in competition to feed and breed, p. 119), and unpredictability including the butterfly effect characterized in terms of multiplicity of variables as well as disproportional response to cause, and self-organization where "a system can be making itself up as it goes along" (p. 137).
Through the dialogue, Jacobs' characters explore and examine the similarities between the functioning of ecosystems and economies. Topics include environmental and economic development, growth and expansion, and how economies and environments keep themselves alive through "self-refueling." Jacobs also comments on the nature of economic and biological diversity and its role in the development and growth of the two kinds of systems.
The book is infused with many real-world economic and biological examples, which help keep the book "down to earth" and comprehensible, if dense. Concepts are furnished with both economic and biological examples, showing their coherence in both worlds.
One particularly interesting insight is the creation of "something from nothing" – an economy from nowhere. In the biological world, free energy is given through sunlight, but in the economic world human creativity and natural resources supply this free energy, or at least starter energy. Another interesting insight is the creation of economic diversity through the combination of different technologies, for example the typewriter and television as inputs and outputs of a computer system: this can lead to the creation of "new species of work".
Dark Age Ahead[edit]
Main article: Dark Age Ahead
Published in 2004 by Random House, Dark Age Ahead posits Jacobs' argument that "North American" civilization shows signs of a spiral decline comparable to the collapse of the Roman empire. Her discussion focuses on "five pillars of our culture that we depend on to stand firm," which can be summarized as the nuclear family and community; quality in education; free thought in science; representational government and responsible taxes; and corporate and professional accountability. As the book's title suggests, Jacobs' outlook is far more pessimistic than that of her previous works. However, in the conclusion she admits: "At a given time it is hard to tell whether forces of cultural life or death are in the ascendancy. Is suburban sprawl, with its murders of communities and wastes of land, time, and energy, a sign of decay? Or is rising interest in means of overcoming sprawl a sign of vigor and adaptability in North American culture? Arguably, either could turn out to be true."[114]
Orthodox urbanism[edit]
Jane Jacobs says in her work The Death and Life of Great American Cities that the sources of orthodox urbanism are:

Garden Cities of Tomorrow, Ebenezer Howard
The Culture of Cities Lewis Mumford
Cities in Evolution, Sir Patrick Geddes
Modern Housing, Catherine Bauer
Toward New Towns for America, Clarence Stein
Nothing Gained by Overcrowding, Sir Raymond Unwin
The City of Tomorrow and Its Planning, Le Corbusier

Bibliography[edit]

Constitutional chaff; rejected suggestions of the Constitutional Convention of 1787, with explanatory argument Compiled by Jane Butzner, (1941) Columbia University Press; Compiled by Jane Jacobs (Née Butzner), Reprinted 1970 by Kennikat Press, Port Washington, N.Y. ISBN 0-804-60605-6
The Death and Life of Great American Cities (1961) New York: Random House. ISBN 0-679-60047-7
The Economy of Cities (1969) ISBN 0-394-70584-X
The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty (1980 Random House and 2011 Baraka Books) ISBN 978-1-926824-06-2
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (1985) ISBN 0-394-72911-0
The Girl on the Hat (Children's Book Illustrated by Karen Reczuch), (June 1990) Oxford University Press. ISBN 978-0-195-40708-2
Systems of Survival: A Dialogue on the Moral Foundations of Commerce and Politics (1992) ISBN 0-679-74816-4
A Schoolteacher in Old Alaska – The Story of Hannah Breece (1995) Random House of Canada. ISBN 0-679-30818-0
The Nature of Economies (2000) New York: Random House, The Modern Library. ISBN 0-679-60340-9
Dark Age Ahead (2004) ISBN 1-4000-6232-2

See also[edit]

David Crombie
Fred Gardiner
Innovation Economics
Urban secession

References[edit]


^ a b c Douglas Martin (April 26, 2006). "Jane Jacobs, Urban Activist, Is Dead at 89". The New York Times. Retrieved February 17, 2016. 
^ Jacobs, Jane. The Death and Life of Great American Cities. p. 138. If self-government in the place is to work, underlying any float of population must be a continuity of people who have forged neighborhood networks. These networks are a city's irreplaceable social capital. Whenever the capital is lost, from whatever cause, the income from it disappears, never to return until and unless new capital is slowly and chancily accumulated. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 9.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 15–16.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 20–21.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 3–5.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 22–23.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 23–24.
^ Allen, Max (ed), ed. (1997-10-01). Ideas that Matter: The Worlds of Jane Jacobs. Ginger Press. ISBN 0-921773-44-7. CS1 maint: Extra text: editors list (link)
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 10.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 11.
^ Peter Laurence. ""The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Planners Press, 2011)". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 25–27.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 29–30. "The suburbs did not appeal to the Jacobs family. 'Suburbs are perfectly valid places to want to live, but they are inherently parasitic, economically and socially, too, because they live off the answers found in cities,' Jacobs would tell a reporter for Madmoiselle magazine in October 1962."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 14.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 30–31.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 16.
^ a b Allen, pg. 170
^ a b c d e f Peter Laurence. ""The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–1965," Journal of Urban Design, 2006". 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 33.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 34.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 39–40."'...I said, "Where are the people?" [Bacon] didn't answer. He only said, "They don't appreciate these things."' At that moment, Jacobs realized that the high-rise projects that Bacon was so proud of had been designed with total disregard for the people who would actually inhabit them."
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 19–20.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 41. "When Jacobs returned to New York from Philadelphia, she began arguing with her Architectural Forum editors. All the hyped new projects that planners and architects were building in the cities, she told them, bore no relation to what people actually needed."
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 43–49.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 24–26.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 57–59.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 60.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 26–27.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 27–28.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 62.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 28.
^ Laurence, Peter L. "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.Ingentaconnect.com
^ Gratz, Roberta Brandes (July 4, 1026). "The Genius of Jane Jacobs". The Nation. 303 (1): 16–17. Retrieved 27 June 2016. 
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 76.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 83–90.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 135–36.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 119.
^ a b Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 149.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 78.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 50–52.
^ Flint, Anthony (2009). Wrestling with Moses. New York: Random House. p. 65. 
^ Flint, pp83-84.
^ Flint, p. 86.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 85.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), pp. 83–84.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 117.
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. xiv.
^ Clark Whelton, "Won't you come home, Jane Jacobs?", Village Voice, 6 July 1974, pp. 1, 24.
^ American Experience: New York Disc 7; People & Events: The Planning Debate in New York, 1955-1975, PBS film description.
^ Caro, Robert. Remarks at the presentation of the 2008 Jane Jacobs Medal Archived 2009-05-21 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Fernandez, Manny. City Room: Caro Speaks to the Spirit of Jane Jacobs New York Times (September 9, 2008)
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), pp. 149–51.
^ Alexiou, Jane Jacobs (2006), p. 152.
^ James Howard Kunstler (September 6, 2000). "Interview with Jane Jacobs, part 2". Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "The Jane Jacobs Prize". Ideas that Matter. Retrieved 2006-05-06. 
^ Eyeweekly.com Archived August 30, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Ontario Non-Profit Housing Association | Home" (PDF). Onpha.on.ca. 2005-04-19. Archived from the original (PDF) on October 1, 2008. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Omb.gov.on.ca
^ Wood, Daniel (June 7, 2012). "Vancouver's density debate pits Sullivanism versus the ideas of Jane Jacobs". The Georgia Straight. Retrieved June 11, 2012. She is why international experts come to Vancouver to study its renowned livability. She’s the mother of Vancouverism. 
^ Wikens, Stephen (May 6, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Honoured in the breach". Globe and Mail. Retrieved June 11, 2012. Brent Toderian, Director of Planning for the City of Vancouver says of Jacobs: "There isn't a person or book more influential in creating ‘Vancouverism' than Jane and The Death and Life". 
^ Martin, Sandra (2006-04-26). "Urban expert Jane Jacobs dies at 89yrs". The Globe and Mail (Toronto). Retrieved 2009-10-23. 
^ "James Butzner Obituary, Waynesville, NC". wellsfuneralhome.com. May 5, 2009. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Ned Jacobs". CrowdGift.com. Retrieved February 17, 2017. 
^ "Jane Jacobs". Globe and Mail (subscription required). 2006-05-25. Archived from the original on April 30, 2006. 
^ Aaron Bernstein, "Jane Jacobs: Sticking Up For Cities", Business Week, 15 August 2004; accessed 28 November 2012.
^ Hannum, Hildegarde, ed. (1997). People, Land, and Community. Introduction by Nancy Jack Todd. E. F. Schumacher Society, pp. 8 and 105–06. ISBN 978-0-300-07173-3.
^ Satin, Mark (2004). Radical Middle: The Politics We Need Now. Westview Press and Basic Books, p. 30. ISBN 978-0-8133-4190-3.
^ a b Klemek, C. (2011) ‘Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary’ Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, 75–79.
^ Glaeser, Edward (17 January 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved 7 April 2016. 
^ Edward Glaeser (January 19, 2007). "Great Cities Need Great Builders". The New York Sun. Retrieved July 1, 2012. 
^ Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30
^ Lang & Wunsch, 2009
^ Goldsmith, A. and Elizabeth, L. (2010) What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs, New Village Press: Oakland, California
^ a b Lang, G. and Wunsch, M. (2009) Genius of Common Sense: Jane Jacobs and the Story of the Death and Life of Great American Cities, David R. Godine: New York
^ a b Howe, R (2005) ‘The Spirit of Melbourne: 1960s Urban Activism in Inner-City Melbourne’ in Seamus O’Hanlon and Tanja Luckins (Eds) Go! Melbourne in the Sixties, Circa: Beaconsfield, pp. 218–30.
^ Klemek, 2011
^ Flint, Wrestling with Moses (2009), p. 194.
^ "Add a City - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ "Toronto, ON - Jane's Walk". Jane's Walk. Retrieved 17 February 2017. 
^ Lange, Alexandra, Jane Jacobs, Georgia O’Keeffe, and the Power of the Marimekko Dress, The New Yorker, June 23, 2017
^ Toronto gallery shows how Jane Jacobs lived and worked at home, Toronto Sun, April 11, 2016
^ Jane at Home, Urbanspace Gallery, Toronto, 2016
^ "Jane Jacobs". urbancenterbooks.org. Archived from the original on September 27, 2011. 
^ "Rockefeller Foundation news advisory" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on June 7, 2011. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ The Jane Jacobs Medal Created by Rockefeller, The New York Sun, Feb. 9, 2007
^ Press Releases (2009-06-24). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Two New Yorker’s Urban Activism with 2009 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Press Releases (2010-07-20). "Rockefeller Foundation Honors Three New Yorkers' Urban Activism with 2010 Jane Jacobs Medal :: News". The Rockefeller Foundation. Retrieved 2011-04-28. 
^ Urban Leadership Day, Canadian Urban Institute, 2015
^ 2011 announcement[dead link], Canadian Urban Institute
^ CUI Awards recognize Urban Leaders across Canada, Martin Prosperity Blog, April 4, 2012
^ 2013 Urban Leadership Award recipients announced, Canadian Architect, March 28, 2013
^ CUI announces the 2014 Urban Leadership Award recipients, Canadian Architect, May 9, 2014
^ Victoria Memorial Square, TorontoPlaques.com
^ 2011 Toronto Legacy Plaques, Heritage Toronto, 2011
^ Jane Jacobs' 100th birthday, Google, May 4, 2016
^ "Vincent Scully Prize". National Building Museum. Retrieved June 26, 2012. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". Retrieved June 28, 2012. 
^ a b Cowen, T. (2006) ‘Why I cannot fall fully for Jane Jacobs’ Marginal Revolution", online, Accessed May 14, 2011, Created May 25, 2006 Marginalrevolution.com
^ a b c Klemek, C. (2011) "Dead or Alive at Fifty? Reading Jane Jacobs on her Golden Anniversary", Dissent, Vol. 58, No. 2, pp. 75–79
^ Ouroussoff, Nicolai (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, Accessed 14 May 2011, Published April 30, 2006 The New York Times
^ Moskowitz, Peter (2016) Bulldoze Jane Jacobs It’s time to stop glorifying her theories. Slate, May 4, 2016
^ Bratishenko, Lev (2016) Jane Jacobs’s Tunnel Vision Why our cities need less Jane Jacobs. Literary Review of Canada, October 2016
^ Powell, Michael (Feb 21, 2010). "A Contrarian's Lament in a Blitz of Gentrification". New York Times. 
^ Edward L. Glaeser (May 4, 2010). "Taller Buildings, Cheaper Homes". 
^ Ouroussoff, N (2006) ‘Outgrowing Jane Jacobs and Her New York’, April 30, 2006, The New York Times
^ Oder, Norman. "The Missing Jane Jacobs Chapter in The Power Broker". atlanticyardsreport.blogspot.com. Retrieved 9 October 2007. 
^ "City Views". Reason.com. 
^ Maisels, Charles Keith, 1990, The Emergence of Civilisation: From Hunting and Gathering to Agriculture, Cities, and the State in the Near East. Routledge, New York.
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg.24
^ Soja, Edward W. 2000, Postmetropolis, Putting Cities First, Publisher: Wiley-Blackwell pg. 25
^ Cookson, Clive. "Discovery of Earliest Homo Sapien Skulls backs 'Out of Africa' Theory". bradshawfoundation.com. 
^ Philpot, Robin (2011). "Preface to the 2011 edition". Jane Jacobs, The Question of Separatism: Quebec and the Struggle over Sovereignty. Baraka Books. p. X. 
^ Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005)


Sources[edit]

Alexiou, Alice Sparberg. Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary (2006) New Brunswick: Rutgers. Toronto: HarperCollins. ISBN 978-0-8135-3792-4
Flint, Anthony. "Wrestling with Moses: How Jane Jacobs Took On New York's Master Builder and Transformed the American City" (2009) Random House. ISBN 978-1-4000-6674-2
Goldsmith, Stephen A. and Elizabeth, Lynne What We See: Advancing the Observations of Jane Jacobs (2009) Oakland, California: New Village Press. ISBN 0-9815593-1-X
Klemek, Christopher. The Transatlantic Collapse of Urban Renewal, Postwar Urbanism from New York to Berlin (2011) Chicago: Univ. of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-44174-1.
Page, Max; Tim Mennel, eds. (2011), Reconsidering Jane Jacobs, Chicago: APA Planners Press, ISBN 978-1932364958 

Further reading[edit]

Mark Rosenfelder (2000s) "It's the cities, stupid: Jane Jacobs on cities".
Peter L. Laurence (2005) "Dark Age Ahead? Jane Jacobs’ Latest Book in Context," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians 64 (Mar. 2005).
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "Contradictions and complexities: Jane Jacobs’ and Robert Venturi’s complexity theories", Journal of Architectural Education, 59 (3), pp. 49–60.
Peter L. Laurence (2006) "The Death and Life of Urban Design: Jane Jacobs, the Rockefeller Foundation, and the New Research in Urbanism, 1955–65", Journal of Urban Design 11 (June 2006), pp. 145–72.
Peter L. Laurence (2007) "Jane Jacobs (1916–2006): Before Death and Life," Journal of the Society of Architectural Historians, 66 (Mar. 2007), pp. 5–15.
Peter L. Laurence (2011) "The Unknown Jane Jacobs," Reconsidering Jane Jacobs (Chicago: Planners Press, 2011).
Peter L. Laurence (2016) Becoming Jane Jacobs (Philadelphia: University of Pennsylvania Press, 2016).
Simon Jenkins (2006) Adapt, don't destroy: Leeds is the template to revive our scarred cities. The most unsung hero of 20th-century ideas died last week. In a single, devastating book Jane Jacobs crammed insights in human behaviour as deep as any by Freud, Keynes or Hayek. The Guardian
Pierre Desrochers and Gert-Jan Hospers (Spring 2007) "Cities and the Economic Development of Nations: An Essay on Jane Jacobs’ Contribution to Economic Theory," Canadian Journal of Regional Science, vol. 30, no. 1 , pp. 115–30. Eratos.erin.utoronto.ca[permanent dead link]
Pierre Desrochers, "The Death and Life of a Reluctant Urban Icon," A Review Essay on Jane Jacobs: Urban Visionary by Alice Sparberg Alexiou (Toronto: HarperCollins Publishers, 2006). Journal of Libertarian Studies, vol. 21, no. 3 (Fall 2007), pp. 115–36. Mises.org
Ellerman, David 2005. "How Do We Grow?: Jane Jacobs on Diversification and Specialization." Challenge. 48 (5 May–June): 50–83. Ellerman.org
Ikeda, Sanford (2008). "Jacobs, Jane (1916–2006)". In Hamowy, Ronald. The Encyclopedia of Libertarianism. Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE; Cato Institute. pp. 261–62. ISBN 978-1-4129-6580-4. LCCN 2008009151. OCLC 750831024. doi:10.4135/9781412965811.n157. 
Stefano Cozzolino (2015) "Insights and Reflections on Jane Jacobs’ Legacy. Toward a Jacobsian theory of the city", Territorio, n. 72: 151–58. Francoangeli.it / Academia.edu
Jane Jacobs: A great Canadian immigrant-story. A-hero-of-mine. 3/15/2010

External links[edit]



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Jane Jacobs





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Jane Jacobs.



Jane Jacobs’ Order of Canada Citation
Jane Jacobs' Papers 1927–2002, Boston College
Jane Jacobs Oral History, 1997 Greenwich Village Society for Historic Preservation
Riggenbach, Jeff (April 28, 2011). "Jane Jacobs: Libertarian Outsider". Mises Daily. Ludwig von Mises Institute. 
Jane Jacobs's Legacy, City Journal online, July 31, 2009







v
t
e


Urban planning



General



Land use
Planning
Planning and zoning commission
Growth management
Development economics
Social sciences
Public policy





Major
branches




Urban



Land-use planning
Comprehensive planning (US)
Spatial planning (Eur)
Planned cities
Planned community / Model village
Redevelopment
Urban design





Rural



Conservation development
Preservation development
Rural housing
Village design statement (UK)





Regional



Regional Planning Association of America





Environmental



Environmental design
Environmental impact assessment
Environmental planning
Recreation resource planning
Sustainable development





Transportation planning



Transportation forecasting
Trip distribution
Rational planning model
Transit-oriented development
Professional transportation planner
Urban freight distribution





Economic Development



Community economic development








Concepts/
theories




Movements



Athens Charter
Car-free movement
City Beautiful movement
Dark-sky movement
Garden city movement
Indigenous planning
New Urbanism
Settlement movement
Smart Growth
Structuralism
Transition towns





Theories



Collaborative planning
Context theory
Ekistics
Intelligent urbanism
Livable streets
Radical planning
Urban acupuncture
Urban renewal





Concepts



Affordable housing
Cityscape
Cluster development
Creative city
Company town
Complete Communities
Eminent domain (US)
Gentrification
Infill
Healthy cities / Healthy community design
LEED-ND
Mixed-use development
Model cities
New town
Placemaking
Planned community
Planning gain
Planning Permission (U.K.)
Suburbia
Temporary use
Third place
Urban sprawl
Urbanization
Zoning








People




Theorists/
practitioners



Thomas Adams
Donald Appleyard
Edmund Bacon
Guy Benveniste
Colin Buchanan
Daniel Burnham
Peter Calthorpe
Konstantinos Doxiadis
Andrés Duany
Patrick Geddes
Ebenezer Howard
Kevin A. Lynch
Ian McHarg
Clarence Perry
James Rouse
Clarence Stein
Raymond Unwin
List of urban theorists
List of urban planners








Critics



Elizabeth Farrelly
Jane Jacobs
James Howard Kunstler
Lewis Mumford
Randal O'Toole








Related
disciplines



Architecture
Civil engineering
Urban ecology
Geography
Land development
Landscape architecture
Marine spatial planning
Public health
Real estate development








 Category
Index of urban planning articles
List of planned cities
List of planning journals
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 90712053
LCCN: n80040210
ISNI: 0000 0003 6864 530X
GND: 131595520
SUDOC: 03196804X
BNF: cb123086712 (data)
ULAN: 500106696
NDL: 00444423
BNE: XX978869
IATH: w60k2bw7










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jane_Jacobs&oldid=787562827"					
Categories: 1916 births2006 deathsDisease-related deaths in OntarioAmerican architecture writersNaturalized citizens of CanadaTax resistersAnti-road protestCanadian architecture writersCanadian women writersCivil societyCommunity buildingPeople in public healthInterstate 78Members of the Order of OntarioMoral philosophersOfficers of the Order of CanadaPeople from Greenwich VillageWriters from Scranton, PennsylvaniaRadical centrist writersUrban theoristsWriters from TorontoColumbia University alumniAmerican emigrants to CanadaVincent Scully Prize winnersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Extra text: editors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2010Articles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with ULAN identifiersWikipedia articles with SNAC-ID identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתქართულიNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiSvenskaTürkçeУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 03:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Jacobs Ian N Md in Philadelphia, PA 19102 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Pennsylvania
» Philadelphia
» Physical & Occupational Therapists
» Jacobs Ian N Md













Jacobs Ian N Md


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





34th St & Civic Center Blvd  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102


(215) 590-3440


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Jacobs Ian N Md is located at the address 34th St & Civic Center Blvd in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19102.  They can be contacted via phone at (215) 590-3440 for pricing, hours and directions.  Jacobs Ian N Md specializes in Corns, Cosmetic Dentistry, Work Related Injuries.  Jacobs Ian N Md provides Health & Wellness Treatments, Well Woman Examinations, Laser Therapies to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Jacobs Ian N Md view the map to the right.  For reviews of Jacobs Ian N Md see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Anti-Aging Products
, Herbal Supplements
, Arch Supports
, Orthotics
, Pillows
, Cosmetics
, Tinted Lenses
, Designer Eyewear
, UV-Protected Lenses
, Rimless



SERVICES


Transplants
, Laser Therapies
, Record Keeping
, Physical Examinations
, Microdermabrasion
, LASIK
, Therapies
, Arthroscopic Surgery
, Well Woman Examinations
, Health & Wellness Treatments


 SPECIALTIES


Allergy & Immunology
, Corns
, Orthotics
, Cosmetic Dentistry
, Heel Pain
, Work Injuries
, Audiology
, Pregnancies
, Acne
, Work Related Injuries



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (215) 590-3440
CATEGORIES:


Physical & Occupational Therapists
General Practice
Health Care
Physicians



People Also Viewed


Salud Medical Svc


6445 Rising Sun Ave  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111




NovaCare


6595B Roosevelt Blvd  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19149




South Street Medical Dental Center


1309 South St  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19147




Tenetcare


1840 South St  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19146




Prison Health Services Inc


7901 State Rd  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19136




Progress PT


1331 E Wyoming Ave 4120  Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19124





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM










Jacobs Ian in Santa Monica, California with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeSanta Monica, CAJacobs IanSanta Monica, CA Jacobs IanAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection1. Jacobs Ian1639 11th StSanta Monica, CA 90404(310) 399-6090Computer System Designers & ConsultantsBusinesses in related categories to Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. L. A. Computer Works(1)BBB Rating: A+2355 Westwood BlvdLos Angeles, CA 90064(310) 277-9799Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteDirectionsMore Infoexpert techs and they recovered my important files when my hard disk got corrupted.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection3. CablemastersBBB Rating: A+2271 W 205th StTorrance, CA 90501(310) 783-0081Fiber Optics-Components, Equipment...WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Structured Cabling Systems Cat-5e, 6 Installs Cable Plant Design Laser Infrared Wireless Wireless Networks T1-OC12 Fiber Optics OSP Installations Video Surveillan…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collectionPREFERRED4. Zeus Networks(1)12800 Venice BlvdLos Angeles, CA 90066(866) 938-7638Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoIf you need a repair to your computer, this is the place to call.  My phone call was addressed immediately, my concerns were understood and Ed went …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection5. Nicwerks1223 Wilshire Blvd # 213Santa Monica, CA 90403(310) 213-1000Web Site Design & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection6. Beluga Web Design2543 2nd StSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 601-8519Web Site Design & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection7. Pleasehelpmymommy1515 7th StSanta Monica, CA 90401(310) 242-1480Web Site Design & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection8. ARS Datum Inc3231 Ocean Park Blvd Ste 217Santa Monica, CA 90405(310) 399-6725Computer Software Publishers &...WebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection9. Soft Byte City Computer1133 22nd StSanta Monica, CA 90403(310) 315-7324Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection10. Corp Reboot1510 11th StSanta Monica, CA 90401(310) 451-3445Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection11. Avenue 18 Computer2118 Wilshire Blvd # 511Santa Monica, CA 90403(310) 829-3129Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection12. Wip 3401 Expo Blvd3401 Exposition BlvdSanta Monica, CA 90404(310) 582-3984Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection13. Dream Hammer Inc501 Colorado Ave Ste 300Santa Monica, CA 90401(310) 394-8700Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection14. Programming PlusSanta Monica, CA 90411(310) 839-9469Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection15. Uptime Integrated Systems Inc2601 Ocean Park Blvd Ste 302Santa Monica, CA 90405(310) 857-1366Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. Axon Infosystems Inc On-Site Service & Support Networking Consul - CLOSED2624 3rd StSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 450-2920Computer Technical Assistance &...Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection17. Web 8080129 Alta AveSanta Monica, CA 90402(310) 458-8080Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection18. Protohaus Dtb Inc - CLOSED3019 Pico BlvdSanta Monica, CA 90405Web Site Design & ServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection19. Network Solutions International2629 Main StSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 314-7325Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection20. MinneApp1534 15th St Apt 4Santa Monica, CA 90404(424) 901-1363Business Coaches & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Ocean Park Software2616 5th StSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 399-4740Computer Software & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. Inconmobile820 BroadwaySanta Monica, CA 90401(310) 393-7676Computer Software & ServicesWebsiteFrom Business: Founded in 2003, iconmobile creates new digital services and products. Based in Santa Monica, Calif., it offers all sorts of design-related services, in the areas…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection23. Web Retool2701 Ocean Park Blvd Ste 240Santa Monica, CA 90405(310) 488-7280Computer System Designers & ConsultantsAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection24. Santa Monica Systems1514 17th St Ste 102Santa Monica, CA 90404(310) 395-5135Data Processing ServiceWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection25. Digital Alliance2434 5th StSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 450-0564Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection26. Geek Choice - CLOSED(2)100 Wilshire BlvdSanta Monica, CA 90401(310) 393-7171Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWe run a Masonry business here and needed a new workstation set up for an employee that was to start the following week. Geek Choice hopped in their…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection27. Advocate Technology Group, Inc.Santa Monica, CA 90405(310) 980-8240Computer Network Design & SystemsWebsiteFrom Business: Advocate Technology Group provides true advocacy computer consulting, implementation services, and support. We retain our clients' business by establishing and ma…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection28. One Lens Media3019 Pico BlvdSanta Monica, CA 90405(310) 701-4992Web Site Design & ServicesWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your other collection!Error when adding to other collectionThis business was removed from the other collection29. Mibura Inc2951 28th St Ste 2015Santa Monica, CA 90405(310) 399-1564Computer System Designers & ConsultantsWebsiteSponsored LinksMap ViewSponsoredZeus Networks(1)12800 Venice Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90066(866) 938-7638Fast 24 /7 Emergency ServiceWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoL. A. Computer Works(1)2355 Westwood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90064(310) 277-9799WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback















Ian N. Jacobs, MD | Children's Hospital of Philadelphia

















































































Skip to content


















Children's Hospital of Philadelphia







Search










 












     
  








Ian N. Jacobs, MD



    Ian N. Jacobs, MD, is the Medical Director of the Center for Pediatric Airway Disorders in the Division of Otolaryngology (ENT) at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
  
Areas of Expertise:
  General pediatric otolaryngology, Pediatric airway disorders
Locations:
Main Campus; Specialty Care, Princeton at Plainsboro; Specialty Care & Surgery Center, Voorhees 
Appointments and Referrals: 1-800-TRY-CHOP (1-800-879-2467)

































 





 Education and Training   Medical SchoolMD - Mt. Sinai School of Medicine, New York, NY
InternshipGeneral Surgery - Mt. Sinai Medical Center, New York, NY
ResidencyGeneral Surgery - Mt. Sinai Medical Center,  New York, NY
FellowshipPediatric Otolaryngology - The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, Philadelphia, PA
Board CertificationOtolaryngologyGraduate DegreeMLA - University of Pennsylvania College of Arts & Sciences, Philadelphia, PA
  
 Titles and Academic Titles   Attending OtolaryngologistMedical Director, Center for Pediatric Airway DisordersEndowed Chair in Pediatric Otolaryngology and Pediatric Airway DisordersAssociate Professor of Otorhinolaryngology, Head and Neck Surgery, Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania
  
 Conditions Treated    Airway Foreign Bodies Choanal Atresia Glottic Stenosis  Laryngeal Atresia Laryngeal Trauma Laryngomalacia Laryngotracheal Cleft (LTC) Pyriform Aperture Stenosis Recurrent Respiratory PapillomasSaccular CystsStridor (Noisy Breathing)Subglottic CystsSubglottic HemangiomasSubglottic StenosisTracheal StenosisVallecular CystsVocal Cord ParalysisComplete Tracheal Rings  
 Departments and Services   Neonatal Airway ProgramCenter for Pediatric Airway Disorders22q and You CenterDivision of Otolaryngology (Ear, Nose and Throat)Infantile Hemangioma ProgramCenter for Thoracic Insufficiency Syndrome  
 Publications   Papers2016
Carter J, Rahbar R, Brigger M, Chan K, Cheng A, Daniel SJ, De Alarcon A, Garabedian N, Hart C, Hartnick C, Jacobs I, Liming B, Nicollas R, Pransky S, Richter G, Russell J, Rutter MJ, Schilder A, Smith RJ, Strychowsky J, Ward R, Watters K, Wyatt M, Zalzal G, Zur K, Thompson D: International Pediatric ORL 2 Group (IPOG) laryngomalacia consensus recommendations. International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology 86: 256-61, July 2016 Notes: doi: 10.1016/j.ijporl.2016.04.007. Epub 2016 Apr 7.
Strychowsky JE, Albert D, Chan, K, Cheng A, Daniel S, DeAlarcon A, Garabedian N, Hart C, Hartnick C, Inglis A, Jacobs I, Kleinman M, Mehta N, Nicollas R, Nuss, R, Pransky S, Russell J, Rutter M, Schilder A, Thompson D, Triglia JM, Volk M, Ward B, Watters K, Wyatt M, Zalzal G, Zur K, Rahbar R.: International Pediatric Otolaryngology Group (IPOG) consensus recommendations: Routine peri-operative pediatric tracheotomy care. Routine peri-operative pediatric tracheostomy care: Consensus recommendations. International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology. (eds.). 86: 250-5, July 2016.
Jacobs IN, Redden RS, Goldberg R, Hast M, Salowe R, Mauck RL, Doolin EJ: Pediatric laryngotracheal reconstruction with tissue-engineered cartilage in a rabbit model. Laryngoscope. 2016 Jan;126 Suppl 1:S5-S21.
2013
Berg EE, Sobol SE, Jacobs, IN. Laryngeal obstruction by cervical and endolaryngeal lymphatic malformations in children: A proposed staging system and review of treatment. Ann Otol Rhinol Laryngol. 2013 Sep;122(9):575-81.
Jatana KR, Litovitz T, Reilly JS, Koltai PJ, Rider G, Jacobs IN. Pediatric button battery injuries: 2013 task force update. Int J Pediatr Otorhinolaryngol. 2013 Sep;77(9):1392-9.
Cheng J, Jacobs IN. Postcricoid infantile hemangioma: Management of a case in the propranolol era. International Journal of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology Extra 2014. Notes: Ms. No. IJPORL-D-13-00356 accepted July 2, 2013. Online-only companion journal.
Merati AL, Brandt C, Brown C, Hartnick C, Dawson CJ, Deakins K, Setzen G, Jacobs IN, Nussenbaum B, Mitchell R. Clinical consensus statement: Tracheostomy care. Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2013 Jan;148(1):6-20.
Cheng J, Jacobs IN. Thyroid ala cartilage graft laryngotracheoplasty for closure of large pediatric tracheocutaneous fistula. Int J Pediatr Otorhinolaryngol. 2013 Jan;77(1):147-9.
2012
Ishman SL, Benke JR, Johnson KE, Jacobs IN, et al. Blinded evaluation of interrater reliability of an operative competency assessment tool for direct laryngoscopy and rigid bronchoscopy. Arch Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2012 Sep 17:1-7. [Epub ahead of print]
Cheng J, Jacobs IN. An Interesting Case: Airway Foreign Body with Magnetic Properties. Poster presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Broncho-Esophagological Association, San Diego, CA. April 20-22 2012.
BooksChapters
2016
Jacobs IN: Tracheoplasty. Surgical Pediatric Otolaryngology, 2nd ed.  Potsic WP, Cotton RT, Handler SD, Zur KB (eds.) Thieme Medical Publishers; New York, NY, Page: 448-455; 478-483, 2016.
Jacobs IN: Harvesting the Costal Cartilage Graft. Surgical Pediatric Otolaryngology, 2nd ed.  Potsic WP, Cotton RT, Handler SD, Zur KB (eds.) Thieme Medical Publishers; New York, NY, Page: 448-455; 478-483, 2016.
Jacobs IN: Laser Cordotomy and Arytenoidectomy. Surgical Pediatric Otolaryngology, 2nd ed.  Potsic WP, Cotton RT, Handler SD, Zur KB (eds.) Thieme Medical Publishers; New York, NY, Page: 448-455; 478-483, 2016.
Jacobs IN: Supraglottoplasty. Surgical Pediatric Otolaryngology, 2nd ed.  Potsic WP, Cotton RT, Handler SD, Zur KB (eds.) Thieme Medical Publishers; New York, NY, Page: 448-455; 478-483, 2016.
2012
Lando T, Jacobs IN. Congenital Neck Masses. Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology. In: Tunkel DE, Licameli GR (Vol. 5 editors). Thieme Medical and Scientific Publishers Private Limited, India. Chapter 19, November 2012.
 Jacobs IN. Introduction to Disorders of the Upper Airway. Pediatric Otolaryngology: Principles and Practice Pathways, 2nd ed. In: Wetmore RF, Muntz HR, McGill TJ , editors. Thieme Medical Publishers, New York, NY, page: 697-707, 2012.
Jacobs IN. Chronic Cough in Children. Pediatric Otolaryngology. In: Schoem SR, Darrow DH, editors. AAP Section on Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Page: 387-400, 2012.
2011
Jacobs IN, Cahill AM. Special Considerations in Vascular Anomalies: Airway Management. Clinics in Plastic Surgery. In: Perlyn C, Greene A, editors. Elsevier Saunders, Philadelphia, PA, 38: 121-131, 2011.
Jacobs IN. Bronchoscopy. Fundamentals of Pediatric Surgery. In: Mattei P, editor. Springer Science+Business Media, Inc. Page: 185-194, July 2011.
2010
Jacobs IN, Pettignano MM, Pettignano R. Airway Management (Chapter 15). Perinatal and Pediatric Respiratory Care, 3rd ed. In: Walsh BK, Czervinske MP, DiBlasi RM, editors. Saunders, St. Louis, MO, Page: 220-245, 2010.
2007
Zur KB, Jacobs IN. Management of chronic upper airway obstruction. In: Wetmore RF, editor. Pediatric otolaryngology: the requisites in pediatrics. Philadelphia: Mosby Elsevier; 2007. p. 173-89.
2006
Jacobs IN. Croup and epiglottitis. In: Burg FD, Ingelfinger JR, Polin RA, Gershon AA, editors. Current pediatric therapy. 18th ed. Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders Co.; 2006.
2005
Jacobs IN, Zalzal GH. Pediatric tracheotomy. In: Josephson GD, Wohl DL, editors. Complications in pediatric otolaryngology. Boca Raton: CRC Press LLS; 2005. p. 393-403.
Jacobs IN, Low DW, Crombleholme TM. Wound healing. In: Josephson GD, Wohl DL, editors. Complications in pediatric otolaryngology. Boca Raton: CRC Press LLC; 2005. p. 393-403.
2004
Rabkin D, Delgaudio J, Jacobs IN. Surgical anatomy of the larynx. In: Skandalakis J, Colborn G, Foster R, Weidman T, Skandalakis L, Skandalakis P, editors. Surgical anatomy: the embryologic and anatomic basis of modern surgery (2 volume set). Athens (Greece): Paschalidis Medical publications; 2004.
Rabkin D, Delgaudio J, Jacobs IN. Surgical anatomy of the pharynx. In: Skandalakis J, Colborn G, Foster R, Weidman T, Skandalakis L, Skandalakis P, editors. Surgical anatomy: the embryologic and anatomic basis of modern surgery (2 volume set). Athens (Greece): Paschalidis Medical publications; 2004.
2003
Jacobs IN. Airway management. In: Czervinske MP, Barnhart SL, editors. Perinatal and pediatric respiratory care. Philadelphia: W.B. Saunders, Inc.; 2003. p.:207-32.
2002
Jacobs IN. Disorders of the Larynx Current Pediatric Therapy, 17th ed. In: Burg FD, Ingelfinger JR, Polin RA, Gershon AA, editors. W. B. Saunders Co., Philadelphia, PA, Page: 476-482, 2002.
2000
Jacobs IN, Todd NW. Regional and intracranial complications of otitis media. In: Wetmore RF, McGill T, Muntz H, editors. Pediatric otolaryngology: principles and practice pathways. New York: Thieme; 2000. p.:305-26
1996
Hudgins PA, Jacobs IN, Castillo M. Pediatric airway disease. In: Som PM, Curtin HD, editors. Head and neck imaging. Chicago: Mosby-Year Book Inc.;1996. p. 545-611.
Posters and PresentationsLectures by Invitation
2017
Jacobs N. Co-Course Director and Instructor: Annual Foreign Body Pediatric Airway Endoscopy Course at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia in conjunction with CHOP's Center for Pediatric Airway Disorders; 2017 Mar 25; Philadelphia, PA.
Jacobs N. Management of Airway Foreign Bodies. Oral presentation at annual George Washington University SOM airway course. Children's National Hospital; 2017 Feb 4; Washington, DC.
2016
Jacobs IN. "Subglottic Stenosis & Button Battery Injuries in Children." Invited Lecturer at: Mt Sinai ORL Grand Rounds. Mt. Sinai School of Medicine; 2016 Sep 1; New York, NY.
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-Based Practitioner. Instructional course presented at: 2016 AAO-HNSF Annual Meeting & OTO EXPO; 2016 Sep 18-21; San Diego, CA.
2014
Jacobs IN. "Button Battery Injuries: 2014 Task Force Update." Presented during course PS213: Contemporary Management of Aerodigestive Tract Foreign Bodies at the 2014 ACS Clinical Congress 10/26-28/2014 in San Francisco, CA. (10/28/14)
Jacobs IN. "Decision-Making in the Management of Sialorrhea in Children." Oral presentation at the 12th International Congress of the European Society of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology, Dublin, Ireland. (6/2/14)
Jacobs IN. "Decision-Making with the Treatment of Subglottic Stenosis." Oral presentation at the 12th International Congress of the European Society of Pediatric Otorhinolaryngology, Dublin, Ireland. (6/1/14)
2013
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. "Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-based Practitioner." Instructional Course presented at the 2014 Annual Meeting & OTO EXPO in Orlando, FL Sept 21-24 2014.
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. "Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-based Practitioner." Instructional Course presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Vancouver, BC Sept 29-Oct 2 2013.
Deshmukh H, Jacobs I, Zur K, Soorikian L, Stow J,Chuo J, Lioy J. "Successful Elements for Creating a Neonatal Airway Emergency Response Team at a Major Referral Children's Hospital." Poster presentation at CHOP's Quality and Patient Safety Day, Philadelphia, PA. May, 13 2013.
2012
Jacobs IN. "Balloon Dilatation for Subglottic Stenosis - Can it Replace Open Reconstruction?" European Laryngological Society, 9th International Congress, Helsinki, Finland. June 15, 2012
Abstracts
2014
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. "Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-based Practitioner" Instructional Course presented at the 2014 Annual Meeting & OTO EXPO in Orlando, FL Sept. 21-24 2014.
2013
Lioy J, Jacobs I, Zur K, Stow J, Hanlon K. "Successful Elements For Creating A Neonatal Airway Emergency Response Team At a Major Referral Children's Hospital" Oral presentation at the 2013 American Academy of Pediatrics National Conference and Exhibition, Orlando, FL Oct 26-29, 2013.
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. "Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-based Practitioner" Instructional Course presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Vancouver, BC Sept 29-Oct 2, 2013.
2012
Moderator: Richter GT; Presenters: Sobol SE, Jacobs IN, Darrow D, Patel M. "2012 Update on Pediatric Vascular Malformations" Oral presentation/Miniseminar at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Washington, DC. September 2012.
Jacobs IN, Tunkel D. "Pediatric Otolaryngology for the Office-based Practitioner" Instructional Course #1526-2 presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Washington, DC. September 2012.
Jacobs IN. "Tracheostomy Care Clinical Consensus Statement" Oral presentation/Miniseminar at the Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery, Washington, DC. September 2012.
Berg EE, Zur KB, Jacobs I. "Lambdoid Stenosis of the Pediatric Airway: Incidence, Predisposing Factors, and Management" Poster presentation at the Annual Meeting of the European Society of Pediatric Otolaryngology, Amsterdam, May 20-23, 2012.
Berg EE, Sobol SE, Jacobs I. "Laryngeal Lymphatic Malformations: A Proposed Staging System and Review of Treatment" Poster presentation at the Annual Meeting of the European Society of Pediatric Otolaryngology, Amsterdam, May 20-23, 2012.
Jacobs IN, Zur KB. "The Efficacy of Balloon Dilatation of the Pediatric Airway" Oral presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Broncho-Esophagological Association, San Diego, CA. April 2012.
Cheng J, Jacobs I. An Interesting Case: Airway Foreign Body with Magnetic Properties. Poster presentation at the Annual Meeting of the American Broncho-Esophagological Association, San Diego, CA. April 20-22 2012.
  
 Awards and Honors   2016 Best Children's Doctors, South Jersey Magazine
	2014 Best Doctors in America
	2013 "No Kidding...Presenting the best doctors for children in the Philadelphia area" Suburban Life, February 2013 issue.
	2013 Best Doctors, South Jersey Magazine - Volume 9, Issue 11
	2012 Top Otolaryngologists in Philadelphia - International Association of Healthcare Professionals (IAHCP) publication, "The Leading Physicians of the World"
	2012 Fellow, The College of Physicians (Philadelphia)
	2012-2013 Triological Society Career Development Award
	2011 Top Physicians of South Jersey, 2011, 2012. South Jersey Magazine
	2010 Best Children's Physicians, South Jersey Magazine (Volume 6, Issue 11)
	2009 Top Physicians of South Jersey. South Jersey Magazine
	2009-2011 Top Docs for Kids. SJ Magazine
	2009 Honorary Lifetime Member, Israeli Society of Otolaryngology/Head and Neck Surgery
	2007-2010 Best Doctors in America
	2007 Top Docs for Kids. SJ Magazine
	2001 American Broncho-Esophagological Association Mentor for Resident Research Award
	2001 American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Honor Award
	2001 Top Docs for Kids. Philadelphia
	1998-2000 Percy Memorial Research Grant Award. American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery
	1998 Presidential Citation - Foreign Body Award (Co-Author) American Broncho-Esophagological Association
	1997 American Laryngological Association Research Grant Award
	1995 Top Pediatric Specialist. Atlanta Magazine
	1989 New York Academy of Medicine Otolaryngology Section Paper Presentations; First Place
	1989 American Laryngological Association Resident Research Award
  
 Editorial and Academic Positions   Editorial positions
Reviewer
2006-present, Archives of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery
	2006-present, Otolaryngology; Head and Neck Surgery
	2004-present, The Laryngoscope2000-present, Committee Member, Office of Orphan Product Development, Grant Application Panel, Food and Drug Administration1999-present, Pediatrics
Academic committees
1998-present, Operating Room Laser Committee, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
	1998-present, Institution Animal Care and Use Committee, The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia
  
 Leadership and Memberships   Memberships in Professional Organizations
International
2012-present, European Laryngological Society
National
Spring 2017, Inducted Member, American Laryngological Association (ALA/COSM 2017)
	1995-present, American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head & Neck Surgery
	- 2009-present: Member, Otolaryngology Specialty Society Advisory Council (SSAC) - Swallowing and Airway Committee
	1999-present, American Broncho-Esophagological Association (ABEA)
	- 2002-present, Chair, Difficult Airway Committee
	- 2013-present, BOG PR Representative and Chair, Button Battery Task Force
	2000-present, American Academy of Pediatrics, Section of Bronchoesophagology
	2000-present, American Academy of Pediatrics, Section of Otolaryngology
  





 
















