

Joseph N. Jaggers III: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 4:14 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Jagged Peak Energy Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Joseph N. Jaggers IIIChairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Jagged Peak Energy Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 7 different industries.See Board Relationships64$4,340,350As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Joseph N. Jaggers, III, also known as Joe, has been the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Jagged Peak Energy LLC and Jagged Peak Energy Inc. since September 2016. Mr. Jaggers has over 30 years in the Oil and Gas Industry in Engineering, Operations and Management Positions. He served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Ute Energy Corporation since July 2010 until 2012. Before forming Jagged Peak Energy in 2013, he served as President and Chief ... Executive Officer of Ute Energy, LLC from July 1, 2010 to 2012. During his time there he expanded Ute Energy's substantially through production and reserve growth and through strategic acquisitions until its sale in 2012. He served as the Chief Operating Officer and President of Bill Barrett Corp. from July 10, 2006 to July 1, 2010. He served as Vice President of Exploration and Production for Williams Companies, Inc., Denver region from August 2001 to 2006. Prior to his position at Williams, Mr. Jaggers served as the President and Chief Operating Officer of WPX Energy Rocky Mountain, LLC (formerly, Barrett Resources Corporation) in Denver from July 2000 to August 2001, when Barrett was acquired by Williams. Prior to joining Barrett, Mr. Jaggers was employed by BP Amoco as a Business Unit Leader from November 1998 to June 2000. He has also served in a variety of positions of increasing responsibility with BP Amoco, both in the United States and internationally, from 1981 to 2000. From July 1995 to August 1998, Mr. Jaggers served as District Manager--Cairo for Amoco. He also held the position of District Manager--Denver for Amoco from November 1991 to June 1995. In his capacities at BP Amoco and Amoco, Mr. Jaggers served as a Senior Petroleum Engineer and Manager of Production Operations. He served in the United States Army for six years. Mr. Jaggers has been an Independent Director of National Fuel Gas Company since June 11, 2015. He serves as a Director of Ute Energy Corporation. He serves as a Member of Board of Managers of Ute Energy, LLC. He served as a Director of Bill Barrett Corporation from December 2006 to July 1, 2010. He served as a Director of Mission Resources Corporation since November 20, 2003 until 2005. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers. He is a past President of the Colorado Oil and Gas Association and past Executive Director of the Independent Producers Association of the Mountain State and is an inductee into the Rocky Mountain Oil and Gas Hall of Fame. Mr. Jaggers earned a Bachelor's of Science Degree in Engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1125 17th StreetDenver, Colorado 80202United StatesPhone: 720-215-3700Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Member of Board of ManagersUte Energy, LLCDirectorUte Energy CorporationChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentJagged Peak Energy Inc.Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentJagged Peak Energy LLC2015-PresentIndependent DirectorNational Fuel Gas Company
Education
BSE United States Military Academy
Other Affiliations
WPX Energy Rocky Mountain, LLCMission Resources Corp.National Fuel Gas CompanyBill Barrett CorporationUnited States Military AcademyUte Energy, LLCUte Energy CorporationJagged Peak Energy LLC


Annual Compensation
Salary$324,450Total Annual Compensation$324,450
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$4,015,900
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$4,340,350Total Short Term Compensation$324,450Other Long Term Compensation$4,015,900Total Calculated Compensation$4,340,350




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jagged Peak Energy Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Major General Joseph N. Jaggers Jr., Ret.























































































                                FAQ                            





                                AAAA Events                            





                                About Us                            





                                JOIN TODAY                            





                                LOGIN                            





                                Shop                            





                                Home                            

 
































 

 










































›
‹



1
2























						Current News...					



						Network					



						Recognition					



						Voice					



						Support					









Current News...  

2017 Army Aviation Mission Solutions Summit - HIGHLIGHTS - Presentations for Attendees will be available soon
17Summit Surveys have been sent - YOUR VOICE MATTERS!
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: NEWS: Press Release - 2017 Summit AAAA Announces the CY16 National Award Winners




 






AAAA Provides Networking Opportunities 

2017 Army Aviation Mission Solutions Summit - April 26-28- The only time of the year that the ENTIRE Army Aviation community will gather in ONE PLACE AT ONE TIME!
What's your chapter doing? Let us know!- Chapter Events Calendar- Meeting Notices - Special Events - Golf Tournaments - and More!




 






AAAA Recognizes Excellence

National Awards recognize the Army Aviation community at large
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:AAAA Announces the CY16 National Award Winners




 






AAAA is Your Voice

The official publication of AAAA: ARMYAVIATIONmagazine.com
Army Aviation Congressional Caucus
The Military Coalition
Senior Associates




 






AAAA Supports the U.S. Army Aviation Soldier and Family

2017 Army Aviation Mission Solutions Summit - HIGHLIGHTS
Membership has its benefits!
The Post Career Employment Program serves Individual & Industry Members 




 













 










Army Aviation Hall of Fame 2007 Induction - Atlanta, GA

Retired MG Joseph N. "Jim" Jaggers Jr. played a key role in fostering Army aviation as a combat commander, developing tactical doctrine, fielding the Cobra gunship and in the procurement of the Advanced Attack Helicopter.
After commanding a rifle company in the Korean War, Jaggers earned his wings in 1957 and then organized and commanded the Army's first experimental Aerial Reconnaissance and Security Troop at Fort Benning, Ga.
In Vietnam, he commanded the 68th Aviation Company (later re-designated as the 197th Avn. Co.), which evolved from the legendary Utility Tactical Transport Helicopter Company.
Never content to relegate the most difficult and dangerous combat tasks to subordinate commanders, Jaggers always set the example through sustained and consistent acts of personal bravery.
His near-single handed orchestration of a major airmobile operation in the Hau Nghia province, near the village of Duc Hoa, resulted in the 197th Avn. Co. being recognized for conspicuous bravery and was awarded the first Presidential Unit Citation of the Vietnam War in May 1965.
He developed "cardinal rules" for armed helicopter tactical employment, the basis for a then new Army field manual.
Between Vietnam tours, Jaggers was the Army Staff's special staff officer for the fielding of the AH-1G Cobra helicopter.
Back to Vietnam, he commanded the 3rd Bn., 506th Infantry Regt. operating in the Central Highlands, and made a brilliant combat assault into Cambodia.
Jaggers was assigned to Project MASSTER (mobile army sensor systems test, evaluation and review), where he directed key developmental tests involving aerial scouts with the intelligence devices.
He then commanded the 3rd Brigade of the 1st Cav. Division and later after promotion to brigadier general, Jaggers became the assistant division commander.
His courage in combat earned him two Silver Stars, five Distinguished Flying Crosses and 45 Air Medals.
Jaggers served as chairman of the Advanced Attack Helicopter Source Selection Board and then the chairman of the Target Acquisition Designation Sight and Pilot Night Vision System Source Selection Board, resulting in the development and procurement of the AH-64 attack helicopter.
With over 5,000 flight hours, 1,600 hours flown in combat, Jaggers' leadership and contributions to Army aviation have been inspirational.













 

 

 

 

 



















AAAA Membership





My Account





Membership FAQ





Industry Membership





Worldwide Chapters





Deployed Membership







Chapters





Chapter Operations FAQ





Worldwide AAAA Chapters





Chapter Location Map





Chapter Event Calendar







Events





Calendar of Events





2017 Summit





Future Summit Dates





Archive







Awards





Awards FAQ





AAAA Awards





Order of Saint Michael





Order of Our Lady of Loreto





Hall of Fame





Press Releases





Award Submission Dates







Scholarship





Scholarship FAQ





Application Eligibility





Application Procedure





Funding





Charitable Giving Program





How You Can Help





Foundation Structure





Donate Now







Magazine





ARMYAVIATION Magazine





Editorial Guidelines





Magazine Archive







Post Career Employment Program





Contact AAAA


 















QUICK MENU




AAAA MembershipMy AccountMembership FAQIndustry MembershipWorldwide ChaptersDeployed MembershipChaptersChapter Operations FAQWorldwide AAAA ChaptersChapter Location MapChapter Event CalendarEventsCalendar of Events2017 SummitFuture Summit DatesArchiveAwardsAwards FAQAAAA AwardsOrder of Saint MichaelOrder of Our Lady of LoretoHall of FamePress ReleasesAward Submission DatesScholarshipScholarship FAQApplication EligibilityApplication ProcedureFundingCharitable Giving ProgramHow You Can HelpFoundation StructureDonate NowMagazineARMYAVIATION MagazineEditorial GuidelinesMagazine ArchivePost Career Employment ProgramContact AAAA





















 





 





 





 












Search




































Joseph N Jaggers  — Jagged Peak Energy































































1125 17th Street, Suite 2400, Denver, Colorado 80202




Management Team -v1



















MANAGEMENT TEAM









September 19, 2016

Joseph N Jaggers 

September 19, 2016/



Daniel Bencomo



Joseph N JaggersChairman, CEO and PresidentWith over 30 years in the Oil and Gas Industry in Engineering, Operations, and Management Positions, Joe Jaggers currently serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of Jagged Peak Energy LLC since its beginnings in 2013. Previously, Jaggers served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Ute Energy, LLC beginning in July 1, 2010. He also served as the Chief Operating Officer and President of Bill Barrett Corp. from July 10, 2006 to July 1, 2010. He served as Vice President of Exploration and Production for Williams Companies, Inc., Denver region in August 2001.Prior to his position at Williams, Mr. Jaggers served as President and Chief Operating Officer of WPX Energy Rocky Mountain, LLC (formerly, Barrett Resources Corporation) in Denver from July 2000 to August 2001, when Barrett was acquired by Williams. Prior to joining Barrett, Jaggers was employed by BP Amoco as a Business Unit Leader from November 1998 to June 2000.He has also served in a variety of positions of increasing responsibility with BP Amoco, both in the United States and internationally, from 1981 to 2000. From July 1995 to August 1998, Jaggers served as District Manager-- Cairo for Amoco. He also held the position of District Manager-- Denver for Amoco from November 1991 to June 1995. In his capacities at BP Amoco and Amoco, Jaggers served as a Senior Petroleum Engineer and Manager of Production Operations. He served in the United States Army for six years. He serves as a Director of Ute Energy Corporation. He serves as a Member of Board of Managers of Ute Energy, LLC. He served as a Director of Bill Barrett Corp., from December 2006 to July 1, 2010. He served as a Director of Mission Resources Corporation since November 20, 2003. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers, on the Board of the Independent Petroleum Association of the Mountain States and President of the Colorado Oil and Gas Association. Jaggers earned a Bachelor's of Science Degree in Engineering from the United States Military Academy at West Point.













 


 










Copyright © Jagged Peak Energy LLC 2017



 





TogetherWeServed - MG Joseph N. Jaggers








































 
								









































Jaggers, Joseph N., MG








Assisted



 

 TWS Ribbon Bar



 


This Person is Your...



				>
				
					
					Assisted Veteran (Non Family)
AncestorBrotherBrother-in-LawCousin (First Cousin)DescendentFatherFather-in-LawFirst Cousin Once RemovedFirst Cousin Twice RemovedGrand NephewGrandfatherGrandsonGreat Grand NephewGreat GrandfatherGreat GrandsonGreat Great GrandfatherGreat Great GrandsonGreat Great UncleGreat UncleHusbandHusband (Former)NephewSecond CousinSecond Cousin Once RemovedSecond Cousin Twice RemovedSonSon-in-LawStep BrotherStep FatherStep SonThird CousinThird Cousin Once RemovedThird Cousin Twice RemovedUncle
  
		


This Person is Your...



				>
				
				
AncestorBrotherBrother-in-LawCousin (First Cousin)DescendentFatherFather-in-LawFirst Cousin Once RemovedFirst Cousin Twice RemovedGrand NephewGrandfatherGrandsonGreat Grand NephewGreat GrandfatherGreat GrandsonGreat Great GrandfatherGreat Great GrandsonGreat Great UncleGreat UncleHusbandHusband (Former)NephewSecond CousinSecond Cousin Once RemovedSecond Cousin Twice RemovedSonSon-in-LawStep BrotherStep FatherStep SonThird CousinThird Cousin Once RemovedThird Cousin Twice RemovedUncle
  
		











 Photo In Uniform 
 Service Details






















Last Rank

				Major General
			



Last Service Branch
				US
			



Last Primary MOS
				00GC-Commanding General
			



Last MOS Group
						General Officer
					



Last Unit
1977-1978, 00GC, Combined Arms Test Activity (CATA)




Previously Held MOS
1981-Rotary Wing Aviation Unit Commander
					
							1542-Infantry Unit Commander
					
							00G2-Army General Officer (G2)
					
				



Service Years
				1950 - 1980
			

Official/Unofficial US Army Certificates
Cold War Certificate











































 Official Badges 
























 Unofficial Badges 



























 Additional Information










What are you doing now:

   

Other Comments:   Retired MG Joseph N. "Jim" Jaggers Jr. played a key role in fostering Army aviation as a combat commander, developing tactical doctrine, fielding the Cobra gunship and in the procurement of the Advanced Attack Helicopter.
   After commanding a rifle company in the Korean War, Jaggers earned his wings in 1957 and then organized and commanded the Army's first experimental Aerial Reconnaissance and Security Troop at Fort Benning, Ga.
   In Vietnam, he commanded the 68th Aviation Company (later re-designated as the 197th Avn. Co.), which evolved from the legendary Utility Tactical Transport Helicopter Company.
   Never content to relegate the most difficult and dangerous combat tasks to subordinate commanders, Jaggers always set the example through sustained and consistent acts of personal bravery.
   His near-single handed orchestration of a major airmobile operation in the Hau Nghia province, near the village of Duc Hoa, resulted in the 197th Avn. Co. being recognized for conspicuous bravery and was awarded the first Presidential Unit Citation of the Vietnam War in May 1965.
   He developed "cardinal rules" for armed helicopter tactical employment, the basis for a then new Army field manual.
   Between Vietnam tours, Jaggers was the Army Staff's special staff officer for the fielding of the AH-1G Cobra helicopter.
   Back to Vietnam, he commanded the 3rd Bn., 506th Infantry Regt. operating in the Central Highlands, and made a brilliant combat assault into Cambodia.
   He then commanded the 3rd Brigade of the 1st Cav. Division and later after promotion to brigadier general, Jaggers became the assistant division commander.
   Jaggers was assigned to Project MASSTER (mobile army sensor systems test, evaluation and review), where he directed key developmental tests involving aerial scouts with the intelligence devices.
   His courage in combat earned him two Silver Stars, five Distinguished Flying Crosses and 45 Air Medals.
   Jaggers served as chairman of the Advanced Attack Helicopter Source Selection Board and then the chairman of the Target Acquisition Designation Sight and Pilot Night Vision System Source Selection Board, resulting in the development and procurement of the AH-64 attack helicopter.
   With over 5,000 flight hours, 1,600 hours flown in combat, Jaggers' leadership and contributions to Army aviation have been inspirational.

http://www.quad-a.org/Hall_of_Fame/personnel/jaggers.htm

I served with MG Jaggers when he was the commander of TCATA at West Fort Hood. Our organization's mission was to test equipment for use by the US Army. There were a lot of politics with our testing and that of our sister unit on the East coast.

Once we tested a shaped charge designed to help the infantryman create an instant fox hole. Our testing revealed that the charge could make a fox hole out of the soldier. The powers-to-be were not happy with that test result. Later we tested TAC Fire, an artillery firing system. We scored it as a 'no go', because of radio frequency issues, among other problems.  It was sent back to us again and again for subsequent retesting several times, but each time we failed it. MG Jaggers was not one to easily roll over.

MG Jaggers was the most private of generals I had the pleasure to serve. He did not like to be disturbed in his office. We installed an intercom so he could maintain his privacy. I could go on with this story, but will leave it at that.

He wanted immediate access to his Colt 32 caliber Semi Auto, but required me to safeguard it for him. I guess you might have called me his arms man. I found myself on several ocassions bringing or receiving his weapon for purposes of securing it. A small pistol, but effective. He retained this pistol when he retired.

He was fairly laid back for a General Officer, but demanded his coffee in one specific way. He required it the old fashion Army way, brewed with egg shells and a pinch of salt. You can believe that if it was not ready in that manner when he arrived each morning, it was a major issue. I learned to have it setup on a timer the evening before.

He was famous for working late hours. One time he left early, and I was slow to have his general officer flag brought in from the front of the building- maybe an hour later. I heard about it the next morning.  Apparently all the other senior officers would not leave at the end of the day until they saw that standard removed from the front of building. Another time, I was embarrassed.  My wife and son were waiting outside for me. My son kept calling for me to come on. Finally Gen Jaggers, came out of his office and told me to go home.

I learned the politics of seating general offiers together. There was a strict protocol for seating arrangements. Gen Jaggers relied on me to make those seating arrangements as confusing as possible, sometimes; so that some officers did not have to sit next to a particular other. It was a real challenge at times. I could tell you some stories, but will not.

General Jaggers was an extremely knowledgable and capable officer, but medical problems forced him into early retirement. I was allowed to leave the unit on his retirement.  ~ D Patrick
 

   









 Photo Album 


 (More...) 

















Cobra Chopper






101st Airborne Coin






Vietnam Memorial






Vietnamese Cross of ...








TET '68 Patch






MG Joseph N. Jaggers

 
 










 
 







 Ribbon Bar
    
    































 


 Unit Assignments

















  

1964-1965, 1981, 145th Aviation Battalion/Regiment/197th Aviation Company



  

1967-1968, 1542, 3rd Battalion, 506th Infantry Regiment (Airborne)



  

1973-1976, 00G2, HHC, 1st Cavalry Division (Heavy Armored)



  

1977-1978, 00GC, Combined Arms Test Activity (CATA)







 Combat and Non-Combat Operations








  

1957-1980 Training Exercise



  

1967-1968 Vietnam War/Counteroffensive Phase III Campaign (1967-68)



  

1968-1968 Vietnam War/Tet Counteroffensive Campaign (1968)



















Copyright Togetherweserved.com Inc 2003-2011
	















Joseph N Jaggers - Carlsbad, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Joseph N Jaggers in Carlsbad, CA


Joseph N Jaggers

                                                                           Intelius found that Joseph N Jaggers  is  a male between 80 and 90 years old from Carlsbad, CA.  We have connected them to
                11 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         





Also Known As

Jim N Jaggers


Get Report Now

Age

Joseph N Jaggers is in his 80s

Joseph Has Lived In

Carlsbad, CA
Truckee, CA
Marina Del Rey, CA

Joseph's Relatives

Mable Jaggers







Joseph N Jaggers



Zodiac SignGemini



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vice President at Technology Associates



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Joseph? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Joseph, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Joseph N Jaggers
Get a Criminal Check on Joseph N Jaggers
Get a Public Record Report on Joseph N Jaggers
Get a People Search Report on Joseph N Jaggers


Joseph N Jaggers's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Joseph N Jaggers has lived as well as Joseph N Jaggers's phone numbers and email addresses.




Joseph N Jaggers Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Joseph N Jaggers


2378 L* C**** A** 

Carlsbad, CA


Has Lived In

Carlsbad, CA
Truckee, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Joseph N Jaggers

(760) ***-**** - Carlsbad, CA 
(415) ***-**** - San Diego, CA 
() ***-**** - San Diego, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Joseph N Jaggers

j************s@***.com
j********s@***.com


Get Email Report




Joseph N Jaggers's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Joseph N Jaggers's academic history.  Find out which schools Joseph N Jaggers attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Joseph N Jaggers received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph N Jaggers Has Attended 1 School
Groton High School 1943 – 1947                              


Joseph N Jaggers's Professional Information
Information regarding Joseph N Jaggers's professional history.  Find out previous places Joseph N Jaggers has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Joseph N Jaggers Has Worked at 2 Places
Company: Technology Associates
               Title: Vice President
Company: Technology Associates
               Title: Senior Vice President New Business Development
Joseph N Jaggers's Experience
Title: Vice President
               Company: Technology Associates
Job Details
               The Arab Investment Company (TAIC) is a Pan-Arab joint-stock company established in July 1974 and owned by governments of 17 Arab states with an authorized capital of US$ 800 and a paid-up capital of US$ 700 million. Its prime objective, according to the terms stipulated in its Memorandum of Association, is to "invest Arab funds to develop Arab resources in different economic sectors by initiating investment projects in different economic sectors, based on sound economic and commercial criteria, in a manner that would support and develop the Arab economy". The Company enjoys all guarantees and concessions provided by the national, Pan-Arab and foreign investment codes in the shareholder countries. In particular, its assets are granted full mobility and freedom of expatriation, and are immune against nationalization and expropriation. To accomplish its objectives, TAIC is pursuing two main activities:• Equity participation in agricultural, industrial and service projects that meet with established economic viability criteria.• Providing banking services to companies from both public and private sectors inside and outside the Arab countries.
Title: Senior Vice President New Business Development
               Company: Technology Associates
Job Details
               The Arab Investment Company (TAIC) is a Pan-Arab joint-stock company established in July 1974 and owned by governments of 17 Arab states with an authorized capital of US$ 800 and a paid-up capital of US$ 700 million. Its prime objective, according to the terms stipulated in its Memorandum of Association, is to "invest Arab funds to develop Arab resources in different economic sectors by initiating investment projects in different economic sectors, based on sound economic and commercial criteria, in a manner that would support and develop the Arab economy". The Company enjoys all guarantees and concessions provided by the national, Pan-Arab and foreign investment codes in the shareholder countries. In particular, its assets are granted full mobility and freedom of expatriation, and are immune against nationalization and expropriation. To accomplish its objectives, TAIC is pursuing two main activities:• Equity participation in agricultural, industrial and service projects that meet with established economic viability criteria.• Providing banking services to companies from both public and private sectors inside and outside the Arab countries.
Additional Professional Information on Joseph N Jaggers

 See Joseph N Jaggers's LinkedIn Profile



Joseph N Jaggers's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Joseph N Jaggers


Joseph N Jaggers's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Joseph N Jaggers's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Joseph Jaggers
Username Matches

                  JosephJaggers
                  JaggersJoseph
                  Joseph.Jaggers
                  Jaggers.Joseph
                  Joseph_Jaggers
                  Jaggers_Joseph
                  Joseph-Jaggers
                  Jaggers-Joseph
                  JJaggers
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Jaggers







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






	Joseph Jaggers Obituary - Austin, TX | Austin American-Statesman






 




















































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch










Resources


More Obituaries for Joseph Jaggers


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Joseph Newton Jaggers Jr.


1929 - 2015
Obituary
Condolences

































 JAGGERS Jr., MajorGeneral Joseph NewtonMajor General Joseph Newton Jaggers, Jr., United States Army (Ret) died on January 16, 2015 in Carlsbad, California. "Jim" was 85 when he died, born on June 4th, 1929 in Lawton, Oklahoma to Irene and Joseph N. Jaggers. Jim graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1952, was commissioned into the Infantry, and served 26 years in a variety of assignments including combat tours in Korea and Vietnam. After Ranger school at Fort Benning he commanded a rifle company in the Korean War. He commanded the Army's first experimental Aerial Reconnaissance and Security Troop in 1957, which became a model for combat aviation. While under his leadership, the 197th Aviation Company was awarded the first Presidential Unit Citation in Vietnam, for conspicuous bravery. He was Chairman of the Source Selection Board that brought the Apache Attack Helicopter into the Army. Jim had over 5,000 flight hours, 1,600 hours flown in combat. His courage in combat earned him two Silver Stars, five Distinguished Flying Crosses and 45 Air Medals, along with an induction into the Army Aviation Hall of Fame. Although Jim was very accomplished in his military career, his most important role was a father, husband, and family man. Jim loved spending time with his children and grandchildren, teaching them to fish, hunt, explore nature, and having encouraging talks over a meal. His children know him best for his witty sense of humor, warm personality, and fatherly advice. He always wore a big smile and greeted you with a warm hug or his infamous strong handshake. Jim is survived by his loving wife Monteze "Monti" Jaggers, his children: Joe Jaggers, III and wife Debbie, Susan Joseph and husband Sammie, Jr., Lisa Joseph and husband Philip, Kay Schoening and husband Charlie, Steve Tounsand and wife Gigi; grandchildren: Joe & Amanda Jaggers IV, Jim & Rory Jaggers, Jonathan Jaggers, Jackie & Cody Weitzel, Sammie & Mindy Joseph III, Cater & Wesley Joseph, Cheryl Joseph, Philip Joseph, Jr. Catherine Joseph, Christopher Joseph, Jennifer & Aaron Pinkston, Jessica Schoening and Julianne & Jeremy Johnson; great grandchildren: Avery Jaggers, Preston Jaggers, Jayden Jaggers, Joe Jaggers V, Jude Jaggers, Sammie Joseph IV, Cater Joseph, Jr, Parker Pinkston, T.J. Schoening, Jordan Schoening, Hazel Tounsand, Wesley Tounsand; many nieces and nephews... He is preceded in death by his daughter Cheryl Ann Jaggers, his parents, and the mother of his children. A very special thanks to his friend and caregiver, Patricia Marinello - she raised his quality of life in the last years. Memorial services will be held at 3:30 p.m, on Saturday, February 21st at the Camp Mabry Chapel. In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions may be made to MD Anderson Hospital, The Rise School-Austin, Angelman Syndrome Foundation and .
					


Published in Austin American-Statesman from Feb. 21 to Feb. 22, 2015


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







What will you miss most about Joseph Newton Jaggers Jr.?

View Guest Book







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources


How To Submit An Obituary




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries



























SYMPATHY FLOWERS



Send sympathy flowers to share a message of comfort.


Send Flowers




































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.










































National Fuel Elects New Director For Corporate Board - TheStreet




































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































National Fuel Elects New Director For Corporate Board






Business Wire




Jun 11, 2015 11:38 AM EDT













 




























































  Members of the National Fuel Gas Company ("National Fuel" or the "Company") (NYSE:NFG) Board of Directors elected Joseph N. Jaggers as a new director. His term began June 11.  Joseph N. Jaggers is President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Jagged Peak Energy LLC, a private company based in Denver, Colo., focused on the development of its acreage position in the Delaware sub-basin of the Permian Basin.  "We are delighted to welcome Joseph (Joe) Jaggers to our Board of Directors," said David F. Smith, National Fuel's Chairman of the Board. "Joe is a highly accomplished executive with more than three decades of leadership experience and a strong track record of success within the oil and gas exploration and production sector of the energy industry."  "The breadth and scope of industry knowledge and expertise within our Board of Directors makes us unique among our peers, and the addition of Joe further strengthens our already outstanding Board," said Smith. "We look forward to his valuable insight and counsel as we continue to leverage the advantages of our integrated model and pursue our Appalachian growth opportunities to build value for shareholders."  Before forming Jagged Peak Energy in 2013, Jaggers served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ute Energy, LLC, from 2010 to 2012. During his time there he expanded the company substantially through production and reserve growth and through strategic acquisitions until its sale in 2012. Jaggers also has substantial executive experience with large, public companies. Prior to his Ute tenure, he served from 2006-2010 as President and Chief Operating Officer of Bill Barrett Corporation. From 2001-2006, he was Vice President, Exploration & Production, for Williams Companies. Previously, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Barrett Resources, from 2000 until its sale to Williams in August 2001. From 1981 through 2000, Jaggers worked for BP Amoco in various domestic and international assignments of increasing responsibility culminating in executive oversight for the Northern North Sea, one of BP's largest producing assets at the time. Jaggers earned his Bachelor of Science from the United States Military Academy at West Point.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Trump's OK on Pipelines May Unblock Investing Potential
This is good news for infrastructure projects.



Daniel Dicker

Jan 30, 2017 3:00 PM EST
























Mario Gabelli's Push at National Fuel Gas Shows How Proxy Rules Fall Short
Mario Gabelli's failure to nominate a candidate to National Fuel's board is a source of concern for shareholders counting on 'proxy access' to be a cost-effective way to influence boards.



Ronald Orol

Dec 9, 2016 9:12 AM EST
























Trade-Ideas: National Fuel Gas (NFG) Is Today's "Barbarian At The Gate" Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified National Fuel Gas (NFG) as a "barbarian at the gate" (strong stocks crossing above resistance with today's range greater than 200%) candidate



TheStreet Wire

Apr 29, 2016 10:04 AM EDT
























Analysts' Actions -- Coty, Ensco, NetApp, Tupperware and More
Here are Monday's top research calls, including downgrades for Coty and NetApp, and upgrades for Tupperware and Ensco.



TheStreet Staff

Apr 18, 2016 8:13 AM EDT








































 











Trending


15 Collectibles That Are Completely Worthless


Boeing Investors Should Dump Up to 50% of Their High-Flying Shares Immediately


Chipotle Just Landed a Mortal Wound That Should Make It Want to Change Its Name


Amazon Just Did Something to Home Improvement Retailers That It Also Did to Costco


Don't Sleep on General Electric's Cheap Stock Price











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 














JAGGERS REAL ESTATE LLC - CONROE, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



CONROE



Real Estate Agents and Managers



Real Estate Brokers And Agents



                            JAGGERS REAL ESTATE LLC
                                    



 





















J 


JAGGERS REAL ESTATE LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



12551 LONGMIRE LAKEVIEW CONROE, TX 77304
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2009
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $110,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Real Estate Brokers And Agents
 Contacts JOSEPH N JAGGERS IV






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jaggers Real Estate Llc was founded in 2009. Jaggers Real Estate Llc specializes in Real Estate Brokers And Agents. Jaggers Real Estate Llc has 2 employees and estimated revenues of $110,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















