

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Jaguar Energy Svc LLC 8801 Yosemite St Henderson, CO Energy Management Systems & Products - MapQuest







































































































    Jaguar Energy Svc LLC
  

8801 Yosemite St

Henderson
CO
80640




 Reviews



(303) 287-7489

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help
























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 







Contact Us - Jaguar Customer Service | Jaguar USA


















































































































Skip primary navigation



































SEARCH

Search








CONCIERGE: 1-855-JAGUAR-USA

For personalized service regarding Jaguar vehicles and the distinctive Jaguar brand, please contact our team at:
			1-855-524-8278


MAILING ADDRESS:

				Jaguar Cars
				Attn: Customer Relationship Center
				555 MacArthur Boulevard
				Mahwah, NJ
				07430-2327
			











2018 XE
 Base MSRP from $35,7251





2018 XF
 Base MSRP from $47,7751





2017 XJ
 Base MSRP from $74,4001





2018 E-PACE
 Base MSRP from $38,6001





2018 F-TYPE
 Base MSRP from $59,9001





2018 F-PACE
 Base MSRP from $41,9901





I-PACE





DIESEL VEHICLES





FUTURE VEHICLES



















CONTACT US





HOW TO GET IN TOUCH
We welcome your inquiries. Please use the links below to contact Jaguar. You may contact Jaguar by phone, e-mail, mail, or by visiting your local retailer. Your inquiry will be sent to a member of our dedicated team, who will be in touch with you shortly.














Phone
1-800-4-JAGUAR

1 (800) 452-4827

Option Number 9 for customer service

Option Number 2 for retailer locator












Email
Click here to open our e-mail contact form.









Jaguar Careers
Learn more about a wide variety of positions available throughout Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC.











Jaguar Retailer
Contact a Jaguar Retailer for questions, parts, service, leasing, sales, and other needs.









Request a Quote
To request a quote from your local Jaguar Retailer, please click here.









Sponsorship Enquiries
If you would like to make us aware of any potential sponsorship opportunities please click here to access our Sponsorship Enquiry Form.












MAIL:


You are invited to address all written inquiries to

Jaguar at:

Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC

Attn: Customer Relationship Center

555 MacArthur Blvd.

Mahwah, NJ 07430


24/7 ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE


For assistance, please call 1-800-4-JAGUAR 

1 (800) 452-4827













×
IMPORTANT INFORMATION


You are about to leave Jaguarusa.com. Please note that Jaguar cannot be responsible for any content or validity outside of this domain. Please click on Accept to go ahead, or on Reject to close this window.


REJECT
ACCEPT



Close













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Commercial  |  Jaguar Land Rover Careers – Excellence In Motion


























































Back to home
Home
About JLR
Roles
Locations
Working Here
Search & Apply
Search & Apply





Commercial

Audit & Compliance
Business Protection and Security
Corporate
Finance
Health and Safety
Human Resources
IT / Technology
Legal
Marketing, Sales and Service
PR / Communications and Public Affairs
Property
Purchasing



Engineering & Manufacturing

Advanced Manufacturing Engineering
Engineering Quality
Material, Planning & Logistics
New Model Launch
Powertrain
Product Development Engineering
Production Manufacturing Engineering
Skilled Trades
Special Operations
Tooling & Press Parts Group


EX-ARMED FORCES

Future Talent

Apprentices
Graduates
Undergraduate placements
Postgraduate Placements


Product Creation

Electrification
Product development


Global Retailers






Home / Roles / Commercial





CommercialFrom Property to Purchasing. From HR to IT. From Finance to Marketing, Sales and Service. Every role in every business area offers unique opportunities to make an impact on the world stage.
 

View roles See what's on offer





JLR SOCIAL

 

Land Rover's all-terrain tech is at the cutting edge of semi-autonomous ability https://t.co/zM8u0LVxnw https://t.co/TEFQ5uHPb4

@JLRcareers



RT @JaguarUK: #ThrowbackThursday to unleashing #Project8 at @fosgoodwood https://t.co/jmjoAAKSyY

@JLRcareers













 
 Business Areas






Purchasing










Business Areas








Audit and Compliance

Providing independent assurance to the Audit Committee, our world-class Audit & Compliance teams ensure our organisation’s risk management, governance and internal control processes are operating efficiently and effectively.
View All Opportunities



Business Protection and Security

Business Protection ensures a safe and secure environment for employees, contractors and visitors, and protects the company’s components, property, proprietary information, product, and reputation
The team promotes a proactive approach to protecting the business and all its assets. It also helps develop and implement emergency response planning.
View All Opportunities



Corporate Affairs and Strategy

There are a number of teams that fall with this area of our business. All of them play a vital role in our success. Between them, they are responsible for our corporate strategy, our product cycle, our business plans and our global expansion, as well as our relationships with Financial Services partners. They also oversee all our activities in the areas of corporate social responsibility, the environment and government affairs.
Government Affairs
Sitting right at the heart of the business, this small and highly effective team ensures we have global influence on policy and the political environment, wherever it may affect our commercial success. Our commitment to capital investment and our rapid global growth mean the team is facing more challenges and opportunities than ever before.
Corporate Strategy
Mergers and Acquisitions. Joint venture projects. Technology sharing. External sales of components or systems. These are the sorts of business opportunities that our Corporate Strategy team identifies and develops.
Corporate Social Responsibility
This team takes a strategic approach to CSR, ensuring that sustainability is embedded at all levels of our business. They focus on achieving excellence in a number of areas, including:

Long-term profitable sustainable growth
Investment in clean technology
Innovative low-carbon vehicle solutions
Driving environmental innovation throughout our business
Investing in people and creating sustainability change
Dynamic partnerships with our supply chain
Adding value to our local and global communities

Global business expansion
As our business moves increasingly into other countries around the world, this team works on both the strategy for expansion and on managing each expansion project to completion.
Financial Services
This team plays a key role in managing the operations of external Financial Services partners globally. The aim is to ensure those partners provide wholesale and retail finance and insurance products which meet the needs of our customers, dealers and NSCs.
View All Opportunities



Finance

Join this team, and you’ll be helping to fuel our growth on a global scale. Finance not only sits at the very heart of our organisation, but it also affects every element of everything we do. So the decisions you make here will ripple through our business and, ultimately, all around the world.
The team is responsible for controlling and reporting all income and spend for each of the business areas. It is also responsible for developing corporate financial strategy, consolidation and management reporting of corporate financial data, accounting and cash management, financial controls, and tax management.
Here are just some of the challenges you could get involved in, as part of our finance team:

Corporate finance, including accounting, tax, treasury and audit
Manufacturing operations
Product development and sales
Financial analysis
Funding modelling
Budget creation and forecasting

View All Opportunities



Health and Safety


Nothing is more important to us than the safety and wellbeing of our people. So our dedicated occupational health and safety professionals play a key role in the business.


Join the team, and you’ll be part of setting progressive health and safety standards that enable us to deliver global excellence while achieving zero harm.
The team has an extremely varied remit, with responsibilities ranging from monitoring operational safety performance through to supporting 18001, liability claims and internal audit activities. They also support training activities and proactively lead the development of our safety culture.
As recognised experts, they are consulted by all kinds of people, including safety representatives, local committees and external authorities. They are skilled at interpreting legislation and can provide competent legal guidance and general support.

View All Opportunities



Human Resources

It takes exceptional people to grow our business and bring our vehicles to life. To attract, retain and develop those people, it takes an exceptional HR team.
Become part of it, and you’ll enjoy an exceptionally broad HR career path, with potential challenges including:

Negotiating change with our Trade Unions
Advising board directors on business unit organisation
Producing training and development programmes
Building positive senior relationships throughout the business
Managing the performance and developing the skills of all our employees

View All Opportunities



IT / Technology

Every moment of every day, IT keeps Jaguar Land Rover moving in the right direction. Without it, our business simply cannot evolve.
So the projects you work on here will have a real impact.  Your ideas and solutions will not just help manage operations – they will transform the business and, ultimately, affect how every one of our functions works.
Here are some of the opportunities you can look forward to:

Providing consultancy to the business
Supporting process re-engineering
Building strong relationships with key suppliers
Working with customers to define their needs and then providing recommendations for action

View All Opportunities



Legal


We employ specialist teams in Legal Affairs, Risk and Compliance, Patents and Audit.
Legal Affairs are responsible for corporate governance, protection of intellectual property and the development of commercial contracts. They also ensure compliance with any legal requirements and pre-empt and defend any legal challenges to the company worldwide.
Risk and Compliance help us adhere to relevant laws and regulations, while ensuring ethical and proper principles are embedded within the business.
The Patents team work closely with our people in R&D to identify and evaluate inventions before preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications in the UK and overseas. They also support the eventual commercialisation of the patent portfolio.
Audits cover operational, commercial, compliance, and financial controls. They provide assurance to the Audit Committee that the business is operating in a controlled and ethical manner, meeting all legal and regulatory requirements.

View All Opportunities



Marketing, Sales and Service


Jaguar and Land Rover are two of the world’s most iconic luxury brands. Every day we are reaching more customers, and our network of well over 2,000 dealerships continues to expand around the world. As our global marketplace extends further, we need to provide more customers than ever before with an unrivalled experience. You will see that we do.
We have two completely separate brand teams for Jaguar and Land Rover. Each defines and enacts the values of its own brand. Key activities include market research, volume planning, vehicle market launch planning and global customer communications and experience.
Our global sales and service teams are responsible for all customer-facing activities, from developing and maintaining the dealer network to managing importers and export partners. Their responsibilities continue through to global sales planning and supply of vehicles to markets, the sales process to customers, and all global customer service and aftersales activities. 

View All Opportunities



PR / Communications and Public Affairs

This expert team of PR communicators is responsible for globally promoting and protecting an outstanding reputation for the company, the brands, the products and the leadership team.

This involves managing relationships with automotive and business media in the UK and globally through a network of global PR Managers. It also includes the planning and execution of Global Media Product Launches and Motorshows. Communications and Public Affairs is also responsibile for communication with our employees.

View All Opportunities



Property

As our global business continues to grow, our property team grows with it. Join the team, and you can play an instrumental part in managing our real-estate assets around the world. It is a diverse portfolio of properties that includes everything from test tracks to training facilities. Your overarching aim will be to ensure that it meets operational needs, while also having the flexibility to support our strategic vision.
View All Opportunities














Disclaimer
Site Map
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Registered Company Address
Accessibility
Noticed an error?











Share

Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+






Report your error
If you notice an issue with the website, fill in the form below and our technical team will be on standby to take a look at it.










BugInformation unclear, incorrect, or missingBroken Link(s)Other


Input this code: 























	Jaguar Holding Company II and Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Announce Offering









































PARTICIPATE IN A TRIAL  








Menu






























Home


News & Events


News


        Jaguar Holding Company II and Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Announce Offering
    


PPD In The NewsNewsMedia KitEvent Calendar


Share this




    Jaguar Holding Company II and Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC Announce Offering
    
    





            03 Aug. 2015
        






RSS




WILMINGTON, N.C. (August 3, 2015) – Jaguar Holding Company II (the “Company”) and Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC (“PPD” and, together with the Company, the “Issuers”) today announced that they intend to commence an offering of $1,125 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2023 (the “Notes”) in a private offering that is exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). 
The Issuers expect to use the proceeds from the offering (net of initial purchasers’ discount and commissions), which the Company estimates will be approximately $1,111 million, together with proceeds from the expected refinancing of the Issuers’ existing senior secured credit facility and cash on hand to (i) redeem the Issuers’ $575.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 9.50% Senior Notes due 2019, (ii) redeem Jaguar Holding Company I’s (“Holdings”) $1,125.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 9.375%/10.125% Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2017 and (iii) to make dividend(s) to Holdings’ shareholders and/or distribution(s) to Holdings’ optionholders.
The Notes will be offered only to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and outside the United States, to non-U.S. persons in reliance on the exemption from registration set forth in Regulation S under the Securities Act. The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction, and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities or blue sky laws and foreign securities laws.
This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase any Notes and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
Contact
Investors:
Nate Speicher
+1 910 558 6783
nate.speicher@ppdi.com




Related Content


                                        Read this news story in PDF format                                         







This release contains statements that are or may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements that typically contain words such as “expect,” “believe,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “will,” “may,” “could,” “should” and similar expressions. Any forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Although the Issuers attempt to be accurate in making these forward-looking statements, it is possible that future circumstances might differ from the assumptions on which such statements are based and could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. Other important factors that could cause future results to differ materially include the following: risks associated with acquisitions and investments; the ability to attract, integrate, retain and train key personnel; competition in the outsourcing industry; PPD’s ability to win new business; risks associated with and dependence on strategic relationships; overall global economic conditions; economic conditions, research and development spending, and outsourcing trends in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and government-sponsored research sectors; loss, delay or modification of large contracts; higher-than-expected cancellation rates; the rate of conversion of backlog into revenue; actual operating performance; rapid technological advances that make our services or capabilities less competitive; the ability to control SG&A spending; compliance with drug development regulations; changes in the regulation of the drug development process; and consolidation in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. The Issuers do not assume any obligation and expressly disclaim any duty to update these forward-looking statements in the future, except as required by applicable law. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Issuers’ estimates or views as of any date subsequent to the date hereof.








Contact Us




Upcoming Tradeshows and Speaker Events 









Media Contacts:

Randy Buckwalter
Senior Manager, Corporate CommunicationsPPD
Tel: +1 919 456 4425
Send Email


Elizabeth Humphrey
Corporate Communications ManagerPPD
Tel: +1 910 558 6096 
Send Email










                Connect With Us
            

 
			We want to hear from you 







                Investigators Needed
            

 
			Register in PPD's Database 







        Stay Connected
    
RSS
Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook










                            Services
                        






                                    Contact Services
                                



                                    Early Development
                                



                                    Clinical Development
                                



                                    PPD® Biotech
                                



                                    Functional Service Partnerships
                                



                                    PPD® Laboratories
                                



                                    Post-Approval
                                



                                    PPD® Consulting
                                



                                    Technology, Innovation & Performance
                                



                                    Industry Expertise
                                



                                    Event Calendar
                                








                            Therapeutic Areas
                        






                                    Cardiovascular
                                



                                    Critical Care
                                



                                    Dermatology
                                



                                    Endocrine and Metabolics
                                



                                    Gastroenterology
                                



                                    Hematology & Oncology
                                



                                    Immunology
                                



                                    Infectious Diseases
                                



                                    Neuroscience
                                



                                    Ophthalmology
                                



                                    Rare Diseases
                                



                                    Respiratory
                                



                                    Urology
                                



                                    Vaccine Development
                                








                            Participate in a Trial
                        






                                    Austin, TX Clinical Trials
                                



                                    Las Vegas, NV Clinical Trials
                                



                                    Phase II-IIIB Clinical Trials
                                



                                    Become a Clinical Trial Investigator
                                








                            News & Events
                        






                                    PPD In The News
                                



                                    News
                                



                                    Media Kit
                                



                                    Event Calendar
                                








                                    About
                                



                                    Careers
                                



                                    Site Map
                                














                Contact                                                                
            

                Legal Notices                                                                
            

                Modern Slavery Transparency Statement                                                                
            

                Privacy Policy                                                                
            
© 2017 Pharmaceutical Product Development, LLC. All rights reserved.






















		QC Management Right from the Start — Jaguar Exploration, Inc.															






































FAQ |
Careers|
Sitemap|
Español




HOME
About us

Mission/Brand
Executives
Locations
Associates
Careers


Software

JagSeis
JagDril
JagHSE
JagVSP


Services

Consulting G&G
Seismic Data QC
SEG-Y Data
Borehole VSP
HS&E
Training & Certification


Projects
Events & News
Contact Us




 

















Value-Added Seismic Quality Control Worldwide When it comes to managing and maintaining effective quality control of seismic data acquisition – seismic QC – there is no equal to Jaguar Exploration. Our quality control processes and procedures offer you unmatched levels of quality and professionalism.
Jaguar QC takes you beyond common “bird-dogging.” Building on our experience and capabilities, Jaguar knows exactly what quality problems challenge your acquisition of the best possible seismic data. We help correct for:

Dissimilar project procedures that result in unreliable data and too many errors
Inconsistent levels of personnel training that lead to poor field practices and flawed report generation
Low-quality reports that lead to less effective (and more costly) management – in the field and in the office.

With Jaguar QC, the satisfaction is in the details – that’s how we provide the highest-value geophysical quality control and related services to our clients.





Video

Get to know us better











	';l 




The QC Value Chain Worldwide, Jaguar maximizes the seismic survey acquisition value chain, from survey planning, design, management and supervision of 2D, 3D, 4D and 4C seismic surveys onshore, offshore and the transition zone.
Learn more






What Customers Say "It has been extremely advantageous to have Jaguar QCs here."
A client's comments on Jaguar capabilities on the ground in Qatar.
Learn more






Clients


 





 


©2000-2017 Jaguar Exploration, Inc. All rights reserved, "Jaguar Exploration", "JaguarExp" and the "Running Jaguar" logo are trademarks of the company.









Vibe Themes





































Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC - Great Place to Work Reviews










































Get Certified
Pricing 























Toggle navigation 





Browse Companies










By Industry
                                            



By Size
                                        



By State
                                            






By Industry


Advertising & Marketing (39)
Aerospace (2)
Agriculture (1)
Architecture & Design (2)
Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals (17)
Construction & Real Estate (29)
Education & Training (6)
Electronics (3)
Engineering (10)
Financial Services & Insurance (78)
Health Care (57)
Hospitality (12)
 Industrial Services (2)
Information Technology (112)
Manufacturing & Production (29)
Media (7)
Mining and Quarrying (1)
Other (33)
Professional Services (91)
Retail (33)
Social Services and Government Agencies (1)
Telecommunications (4)
Transportation (13)


See all






By Size

Small Companies
Medium Companies
Large Companies

See all






By State


Alabama (5)
Arizona (9)
Arkansas (1)
California (108)
Colorado (14)
Connecticut (5)
Delaware (3)
District Of Columbia (2)
Florida (22)
Georgia (16)
Hawaii (1)
Illinois (37)
Indiana (4)
Iowa (5)
Kansas (1)
 Kentucky (1)
Louisiana (2)
Maine (2)
Maryland (9)
Massachusetts (18)
Michigan (16)
Minnesota (10)
Mississippi (2)
Missouri (9)
Nebraska (2)
Nevada (2)
New Jersey (16)
New York (67)
North Carolina (15)
Ohio (18)
 Oklahoma (8)
Oregon (4)
Pennsylvania (20)
Tennessee (13)
Texas (57)
Utah (5)
Vermont (2)
Virginia (16)
Washington (19)
Wisconsin (12)


See all


























Useful Stuff







Quiz
 WHAT WOULD MAKE WORK GREAT FOR YOU?

									GO TO QUIZ






Tools

Quiz: What Would Make Work Great For You?
Compare Company Tool
About Us
Webinars









Rankings



















Advertising & Marketing
Baby Boomers
the Bay Area
Camaraderie
Diversity
Financial Services & Insurance
Flexibility
Fortune 100 Best Companies
Gen-Xers
Giving Back
Health Care
Manufacturing & Production
Medium Workplaces
Millennials


Multinational Companies
PEOPLE Companies that Care
Professional Services
Recent Grads
Retail
to Retire From
Small Workplaces
Technology
Women

























Error

×
No such review














 

 
 





Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC




                            Nominate Your Workplace >
                    	











  



                        At Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC, 82 percent of employees say their workplace is great.                    





                        EMPLOYEE RATINGS                    




GREAT CHALLENGES                             94%





GREAT ATMOSPHERE                             95%





GREAT REWARDS                             88%





GREAT PRIDE                             98%





GREAT COMMUNICATION                             93%





GREAT BOSSES                             93%



 Legend                                 Often or almost always                                 Sometimes                               




GreatPerks 
 How toget hired 




                            This review is based on 212 employee surveys, with a 95% confidence level and a margin of error of ± 4.00. It was published on Jul 1, 2015. 5133 Visitors                        


Share this Review



  Jobs                               From Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC                                                        	   Compare                                                           Great Perks                               Employee Quotes                               How to get hired                          








What Employees Say
I'm proud to tell others I work here.

95%
 


I am able to take time off from work when I think it's necessary.

91%
 


People here are given a lot of responsibility.

89%
 


Management is honest and ethical in its business practices.

88%
 


When I look at what we accomplish, I feel a sense of pride.

88%
 

What They DoWe asked Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC to explain what they do. Here is what they had to say.We are a premium automotive manufacturing business, built around two iconic British car brands. The US is a leading global market and we provide Marketing, Sales and Service support to our customers and retailers across the country.  About this Company Website:  www.jaguarlandrover.com US Headquarters:  Mahwah, New Jersey US Sites:  9 Major Locations:  Mahwah, NJ; Portland, Oregon; Irvine, California; Atlanta, Georgia US Employees:  327 Employees worldwide:  30327 Founded:  2008 Industry:  Advertising & Marketing


 Perks and ProgramsWe asked Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC to share a few programs they feel really capture what's unique about their workplace. Here is what they had to say.JLR Wedding Car: JLR provides a wedding car service - a luxury white chauffeur driven Range Rover or Jaguar XJ for any employee or son/daughter of our employees who are getting married.JLR Product Familiarization: JLR provides staff with a chance to rotate through our hottest new vehicles, taking vehicles home for the week or over the weekend in rotation.





JLR Family Day: JLR hosts a family day every year in the summer for employees and their loved ones at a local country park with food, music, games, swimming and other activities/entertainment.Wellness at JLR: JLR provides free onsite fitness classes, a small gym and supports a softball and basketball team.JLR Holidays: JLR provides a generous holiday schedule to employees including time off between Christmas and New Year, and an extended Easter break.COMPENSATION BY THE NUMBERS $142,640  Average salary and additional cash compensation for Market Manager 6%  401(k) match of employee's salary, up to 3.5% of an employee's contribution 80%  Company-paid health coverage for employees 80%  Company-paid health coverage for dependents 30 hours  Weekly hours at which part-timers receive health care coverage $5000  College Tuition ReimbursementCOMPENSATION PROGRAMS401(k) or 403b planPre-tax savings accountPERKS TO MAKE LIFE EASIERFree beverages during the dayDiscount ticket salesWeight watchers meetingsVehicle maintenanceSubsidized lunch on a regular, daily basisFitness classesConvenience storeDry cleaningWORK-LIFE BALANCE BY THE NUMBERS 26 days  Holidays & vacation days after one year of employment 120 days  Job protected maternity leave 60 days  Paid leave for adoptive parentsWORK-LIFE BALANCE PROGRAMSUnpaid sabbaticalsTelecommute option (1% use it)Offsite subsidized childcareElder care resourcesFlexible schedule (30% use it)Job sharing (2% use it)Lactation room(s)HEALTH INSURANCE COVERSDental carePrescription drug subsidyAlternative treatments, such as acupuncture, homeopathy, or chiropracticVision careMental health careFertility treatmentsONSITE HEALTH BENEFITSFitness centerDemographics 

 













  
How to Get HiredWe asked Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC for some inside information on how to get hired at the organization. Here is what they had to say.What key characteristics tell you a prospective employee will be a great fit for your company?Jaguar Land Rover is looking for prospective employees that will work well against our High Performance Behaviors.  Leadership, accountability, and the ability to create strong relationships are key attributes one must have to achieve objectives within the organization.  At JLR, we seek individuals that can quickly adjust to changes and are able to seek out the best way to achieve goals. In a luxury automobile company, we also appreciate seeing a candidate with a love for our product, brands, and all things automotive. 
What can prospective employees do to get your attention?Prospective employees can get our attention by showing knowledge of our company and brands. A candidate that has a passion for what we do in order to provide our customers with great products they can love for life will peak our interest. Are there any unusual or especially rigorous steps of your hiring process that candidates should be aware of?At Jaguar Land Rover North America, we strive for the best people. Our recruitment process consists of a formal application online where we ask a number of open ended questions relating to the role to gauge a better understanding of each candidate’s knowledge on the open role. We will then conduct a phone screen and this will be followed up by an assessment test including questions on verbal, numerical, and diagrammatic reasoning. Once these steps have been completed, the candidate will be invited in for a formal panel interview with the hiring manager and Human Resources. Are there any positions or types of candidates you are particularly focused on hiring in this coming year?Jaguar Land Rover has an exciting year coming up which includes new product launches and dedicated focus on our customers. With these initiatives, we will be focusing on our Marketing, Sales, and Services. Potential applicants can look forward to open roles that will enhance our brand recognition, product offering, sales objectives, and customer retention. What should interested candidates do to find out more and get started?Interested candidates can connect with us on LinkedIn at “Jaguar Land Rover North America” to find updated information and new job openings or check out our careers sites regularly through www.JaguarUSA.com and www.LandRoverUSA.com. Jaguar Land Rover North America also has a strong social media presence. Candidates can find us on various sites to learn more about the exciting products and activities we have. hiring Outlook 4%  Job Growth 86  Average applicants per opening 5287  Applicants in past year 88  Openings in past year 34%  New hires by employee referrals
Follow Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC





Tweets by @JaguarUSA




Related Companies

































 






 

 
 





© 2017 Great Place to Work® Institute. All Rights Reserved.


About UsJob Seeker InsightsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy


 
 












