






James Investment Research Inc. Holds Stake in TiVo Corporation (TIVO) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















TiVo Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TiVo Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Argan, Inc. (AGX) Shares Bought by Meeder Asset Management Inc.					

2,165 Shares in Deckers Outdoor Corporation (NYSE:DECK) Acquired by James Investment Research Inc.					

Meeder Asset Management Inc. Takes Position in Methode Electronics, Inc. (MEI)					

Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated (RGA) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.					

Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Cuts Stake in TransCanada Corporation (TRP)					

Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA Has $2.12 Million Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO)					

Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position Boosted by TNB Financial					

Qorvo, Inc. (NASDAQ:QRVO) Position Increased by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.					

Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Position Raised by Woodstock Corp					

Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) Position Raised by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V.					

James Investment Research Inc. Holds Stake in TiVo Corporation (TIVO)					

Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) Shares Bought by Eqis Capital Management Inc.					

Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Has $1.28 Million Position in Mosaic Company (The) (MOS)					

James Investment Research Inc. Maintains Position in EchoStar Corporation (SATS)					

Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE:PRU) Shares Sold by Abner Herrman & Brock LLC					

Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Purchases 43,936 Shares of Leucadia National Corporation (NYSE:LUK)					

Eqis Capital Management Inc. Takes Position in Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN)					

Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Posts  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPS					

Capital Management Corp VA Has $1.49 Million Stake in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)					

Blue Granite Capital LLC Sells 300 Shares of J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM)					





 





						James Investment Research Inc. Holds Stake in TiVo Corporation (TIVO)					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Stacy Sanders 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










James Investment Research Inc. continued to hold its position in shares of  TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 7,650 shares of the technology company’s stock at the end of the second quarter. James Investment Research Inc.’s holdings in TiVo Corporation were worth $143,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Advisory Services Network LLC purchased a new position in shares of  TiVo Corporation during the first quarter valued at about $143,000.  Jennison Associates LLC raised its position in shares of  TiVo Corporation by 5.4% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 852,314 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $15,981,000 after buying an additional 43,661 shares during the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of  TiVo Corporation by 27.0% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 207,771 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $3,896,000 after buying an additional 44,236 shares during the last quarter.  NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan raised its position in shares of  TiVo Corporation by 59.7% in the first quarter. NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan now owns 34,758 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $652,000 after buying an additional 13,000 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Hollencrest Securities LLC raised its position in shares of  TiVo Corporation by 12.5% in the first quarter. Hollencrest Securities LLC now owns 18,000 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $337,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own  89.38% of the company’s stock. 
TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ TIVO) opened at 19.30 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $2.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 126.14 and a beta of 0.14. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $18.62 and a 200-day moving average price of $18.63. TiVo Corporation has a 12-month low of $15.15 and a 12-month high of $23.40. 




TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.22 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.08. TiVo Corporation had a return on equity of 10.51% and a net margin of 2.13%. The firm had revenue of $205.76 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $188.79 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.26 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 73.8% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts predict that  TiVo Corporation will post $0.43 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
WARNING: This piece of content was originally  published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/james-investment-research-inc-holds-stake-in-tivo-corporation-tivo.html. 
Several brokerages have issued reports on TIVO. B. Riley  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $31.00 price target on shares of TiVo Corporation in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Cowen and Company  reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of TiVo Corporation in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded TiVo Corporation from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price target on shares of TiVo Corporation in a report on Friday, July 7th. Finally, ValuEngine lowered TiVo Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 2nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $26.17.
TiVo Corporation Company Profile
TiVo Corporation is engaged in offering media and entertainment products. The Company operates through two segments: Intellectual Property Licensing and Product. The Company’s Product segment includes a suite of component technologies that can be integrated into media service provider internally developed platforms or deployed as an integrated TiVo solution.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TIVO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TiVo Corporation (NASDAQ:TIVO).






Receive News & Ratings for TiVo Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TiVo Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 
























































﻿

























James Investment Research Inc. Has $10.51 Million Stake in AGCO Corporation (AGCO) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for AGCO Corporation
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AGCO Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Wyndham Worldwide Corp (WYN) Shares Bought by James Investment Research Inc.
James Investment Research Inc. Buys 19,303 Shares of Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN)
Marriott International (MAR) is Abner Herrman & Brock LLC’s 4th Largest Position
James Investment Research Inc. Has $10.51 Million Stake in AGCO Corporation (AGCO)
Denali Advisors LLC Takes Position in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR)
Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Buys New Stake in Estee Lauder Companies, Inc. (The) (EL)
Beese Fulmer Investment Management Inc. Holds Stake in Western New England Bancorp (WNEB)
CENTRAL TRUST Co Reduces Stake in Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS)
Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Shares Sold by CENTRAL TRUST Co
CENTRAL TRUST Co Reduces Stake in Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS)
Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. (NCLH)
AMI Asset Management Corp Has $5.32 Million Stake in Callon Petroleum Company (NYSE:CPE)
Peabody Energy Corporation (NYSE:BTU) Expected to Post Q1 2019 Earnings of $0.19 Per Share
CorEnergy Infrastructure Trust (NYSE:CORR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows
Analyzing Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co (NASDAQ:BHVN) and ANI Pharmaceuticals (ANIP)
$710,000.00 in Sales Expected for WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. (NASDAQ:WVE) This Quarter
Nuveen Floating Rate Income Opportnty Fd (JRO) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend
Brokerages Expect Argan, Inc. (NYSE:AGX) to Post $0.91 Earnings Per Share
Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRZO) Given a $20.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts
PDC Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PDCE) PT Set at $45.00 by BMO Capital Markets


 


James Investment Research Inc. Has $10.51 Million Stake in AGCO Corporation (AGCO)

Posted by Renee Johnson on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments 

James Investment Research Inc. decreased its position in AGCO Corporation (NYSE:AGCO) by 10.6% during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 155,977 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 18,477 shares during the period. James Investment Research Inc. owned approximately 0.20% of AGCO Corporation worth $10,511,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. increased its position in AGCO Corporation by 504.2% in the second quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 10,440 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $704,000 after buying an additional 8,712 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new position in AGCO Corporation during the second quarter worth $1,398,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its position in AGCO Corporation by 4.9% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 8,540 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $576,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Achmea Investment Management B.V. purchased a new position in AGCO Corporation during the first quarter worth $691,000. Finally, Bank of Nova Scotia purchased a new position in AGCO Corporation during the first quarter worth $5,276,000. 84.20% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 




AGCO Corporation (NYSE AGCO) traded down 0.03% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $71.72. The stock had a trading volume of 109,950 shares. AGCO Corporation has a 1-year low of $46.22 and a 1-year high of $72.32. The company has a market capitalization of $5.70 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.73 and a beta of 0.84. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $68.06 and its 200-day moving average price is $63.58. 


 Get AGCO Corporation alerts:



AGCO Corporation (NYSE:AGCO) last posted its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported ($0.02) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.17) by $0.15. AGCO Corporation had a net margin of 1.90% and a return on equity of 6.55%. The business had revenue of $1.63 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.54 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.11 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 4.4% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that AGCO Corporation will post $2.80 earnings per share for the current year. 
The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, August 15th will be paid a $0.14 dividend. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.78%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, August 11th. AGCO Corporation’s payout ratio is currently 32.00%. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “James Investment Research Inc. Has $10.51 Million Stake in AGCO Corporation (AGCO)” was originally published by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/25/james-investment-research-inc-sells-18477-shares-of-agco-corporation-agco-updated.html. 
A number of research analysts recently weighed in on the company. BidaskClub raised AGCO Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, July 19th. William Blair raised AGCO Corporation from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 11th. UBS AG raised AGCO Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $52.00 to $68.00 in a research note on Wednesday, June 21st. Bank of America Corporation raised AGCO Corporation from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, June 19th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $64.00 price target on shares of AGCO Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, June 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $63.73.
In other news, SVP Lucinda B. Smith sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.00, for a total transaction of $320,000.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 40,977 shares in the company, valued at $2,622,528. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Richard Robinson Smith sold 2,037 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.91, for a total transaction of $130,184.67. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 41,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,666,133.47. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 16.60% of the stock is owned by insiders. 
AGCO Corporation Company Profile
AGCO Corporation is a manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment and related replacement parts. The Company sells a range of agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines, self-propelled sprayers, hay tools, forage equipment, seeding and tillage equipment, implements, and grain storage and protein production systems. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for AGCO Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AGCO Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿




























James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Analog Devices Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Analog Devices Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH) Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corporation
Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Weight Rating for Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH)
National Bank Financial Weighs in on Stuart Olson Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SOX)
DDR Corp. (DDR) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
EPR Properties (EPR) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClub
Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub
GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €40.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (EGLE) Short Interest Update
Achaogen, Inc. (AKAO) Short Interest Update
Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc. (CASC) Short Interest Update
Novae Group Plc’s (NVA) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Downgraded to Underperform at Macquarie
Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:BCLI) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Whitman Howard
Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Costain Group PLC (COST)
FinnCap Reiterates Corporate Rating for Elecosoft PLC (ELCO)
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Tmx Group Limited (X) Issued By National Bank Financial



 


James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI)

					Posted by Jesse Mackey on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 



James Investment Research Inc. bought a new stake in  Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) during the second quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund bought 15,450 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,202,000. 
Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Lazard Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in  Analog Devices during the first quarter valued at approximately $100,000.  Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. bought a new stake in  Analog Devices during the first quarter valued at approximately $113,000.  Heritage Trust Co bought a new stake in  Analog Devices during the first quarter valued at approximately $114,000.  Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America boosted its stake in  Analog Devices by 18.9% in the first quarter. Guardian Life Insurance Co. of America now owns 1,403 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 223 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in  Analog Devices by 291.6% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 1,547 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 1,152 shares in the last quarter. 87.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get Analog Devices Inc. alerts:



Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI) opened at 78.96 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $79.87 and its 200-day moving average is $79.05. The company has a market cap of $28.98 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.24 and a beta of 1.30. Analog Devices, Inc. has a 12 month low of $59.01 and a 12 month high of $90.49. 




Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 31st. The semiconductor company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.85 by $0.18. Analog Devices had a return on equity of 19.39% and a net margin of 20.88%. The business had revenue of $1.10 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.10 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.64 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 41.2% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  Analog Devices, Inc. will post $4.37 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI)” was  reported by StockNewsTimes and is owned by of StockNewsTimes. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/22/james-investment-research-inc-takes-position-in-analog-devices-inc-nasdaqadi.html. 
Several analysts recently commented on ADI shares. BMO Capital Markets  restated a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price target on shares of Analog Devices in a report on Friday, March 31st. Stifel Nicolaus  restated a “buy” rating and set a $97.00 price target (up from $95.00) on shares of Analog Devices in a report on Thursday, June 1st. Drexel Hamilton  restated a “buy” rating and set a $105.00 price target (up from $93.00) on shares of Analog Devices in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. B. Riley  restated a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price target on shares of Analog Devices in a report on Tuesday, May 30th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG  restated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price target on shares of Analog Devices in a report on Friday, May 26th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued  a hold rating, eighteen have issued  a buy rating and one  has assigned  a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $88.86.
In other Analog Devices news, SVP Peter Real sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.00, for a total transaction of $240,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 12,026 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $962,080. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Bruce R. Evans purchased 14,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, July 7th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $78.28 per share, with a total value of $1,095,920.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 67,540 shares in the company, valued at $5,287,031.20. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 59,581 shares of company stock valued at $5,081,798 in the last ninety days. Insiders own  1.10% of the company’s stock. 
Analog Devices Company Profile
Analog Devices, Inc (Analog Devices) designs, manufactures and markets a portfolio of solutions that leverage high-performance analog, mixed-signal and digital signal processing technology, including integrated circuits (ICs), algorithms, software and subsystems. Its products include Analog Products, Converters, Amplifiers/Radio Frequency, Other Analog, Power Management and Reference, and Digital Signal Processing Products.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:ADI).







Receive News & Ratings for Analog Devices Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Analog Devices Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 










































﻿




























James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Tupperware Brands Corporation (TUP) - StockNewsTimes














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Tupperware Brands Corporation
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Tupperware Brands Corporation with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @StockNewTimes









Recent Posts

Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH) Rating Reiterated by Bank of America Corporation
Wells Fargo & Company Reaffirms Market Weight Rating for Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ZBH)
National Bank Financial Weighs in on Stuart Olson Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SOX)
DDR Corp. (DDR) Upgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
EPR Properties (EPR) Lifted to Hold at BidaskClub
Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance (ARI) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG) Downgraded by BidaskClub to Hold
Klondex Mines Ltd (KLDX) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub
GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €40.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag
Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc. (EGLE) Short Interest Update
Achaogen, Inc. (AKAO) Short Interest Update
Cascadian Therapeutics, Inc. (CASC) Short Interest Update
Novae Group Plc’s (NVA) Add Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt
Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Downgraded to Underperform at Macquarie
Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Downgraded by BidaskClub
Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ:BCLI) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine
Carr's Group PLC (CARR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Whitman Howard
Liberum Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Costain Group PLC (COST)
FinnCap Reiterates Corporate Rating for Elecosoft PLC (ELCO)
Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Tmx Group Limited (X) Issued By National Bank Financial



 


James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Tupperware Brands Corporation (TUP)

					Posted by Mandy Boone on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments 



James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in shares of  Tupperware Brands Corporation (NYSE:TUP) during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor  bought 19,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,392,000. 
A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in TUP. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in  Tupperware Brands Corporation by 5,000.0% in the second quarter. Mascoma Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,142 shares of the company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 2,100 shares in the last quarter.  Creative Planning boosted its position in  Tupperware Brands Corporation by 22.2% in the second quarter. Creative Planning now owns 4,002 shares of the company’s stock worth $281,000 after buying an additional 728 shares in the last quarter.  NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. boosted its position in  Tupperware Brands Corporation by 23.3% in the second quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 368,129 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,855,000 after buying an additional 69,549 shares in the last quarter.  GW&K Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  Tupperware Brands Corporation by 4.5% in the second quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 533,092 shares of the company’s stock worth $37,439,000 after buying an additional 23,184 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in  Tupperware Brands Corporation by 1.4% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 69,921 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,911,000 after buying an additional 944 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  90.25% of the company’s stock. 


 Get Tupperware Brands Corporation alerts:



Shares of Tupperware Brands Corporation (TUP) opened at 68.95 on Friday. Tupperware Brands Corporation has a 52 week low of $52.32 and a 52 week high of $74.36. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.67 and its 200-day moving average price is $64.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.40 and a beta of 1.64. 




Tupperware Brands Corporation (NYSE:TUP) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The company reported $1.01 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.94 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $554.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $532.58 million. Tupperware Brands Corporation had a return on equity of 107.77% and a net margin of 10.15%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 5.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.91 EPS.  Equities analysts predict that  Tupperware Brands Corporation will post $4.70 earnings per share for the current year. 
The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 20th were given a dividend of $0.68 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Friday, June 16th. This represents a $2.72 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.94%. Tupperware Brands Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 60.85%. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “James Investment Research Inc. Takes Position in Tupperware Brands Corporation (TUP)” was originally  posted by StockNewsTimes and is the property of of StockNewsTimes. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at https://stocknewstimes.com/2017/07/21/james-investment-research-inc-takes-position-in-tupperware-brands-corporation-tup.html. 
A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. BidaskClub cut Tupperware Brands Corporation from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Tupperware Brands Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, July 13th. Sidoti lifted their target price on Tupperware Brands Corporation from $77.00 to $83.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Finally, B. Riley  reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $54.00 target price on shares of Tupperware Brands Corporation in a research report on Sunday, April 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $67.40.
In other news, SVP Josef Hajek sold 414 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.80, for a total transaction of $29,725.20. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 3,568 shares in the company, valued at approximately $256,182.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Chairman E V. Goings sold 54,456 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.67, for a total value of $3,957,317.52. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 9,459 shares in the company, valued at $687,385.53. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 83,737 shares of company stock worth $6,075,920 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own  3.22% of the company’s stock. 
Tupperware Brands Corporation Company Profile
Tupperware Brands Corporation is a global direct-to-consumer company. The Company operates through five segments in three geographic regions: Europe (Europe, Africa and the Middle East), Asia Pacific and the Americas. Its segments are Europe, Asia Pacific, Tupperware North America, Beauty North America and South America.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TUP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tupperware Brands Corporation (NYSE:TUP).







Receive News & Ratings for Tupperware Brands Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tupperware Brands Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 















































BBB Business Profile | James Investment Research, Inc. | Accreditation




































Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Mutual Funds
 > 
James Investment Research, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








James Investment Research, Inc.



Submit a Review

































James Investment Research, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(937) 426-7640

James Investment Research, Inc.
45 years in business

        1349 Fairground Rd
        Xenia, OH 45385
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (888) 426-7640
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.jamescapital.com


http://www.jir-inc.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 04/10/2000
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1972


                Business Incorporated: 01/01/1972 in OH





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Mike McGraw, Marketing Dir.
                

                    Mr. Barry James, President/CEO
                

                    Dr. Frank James, Ph.D., Chairman
                





            Business Category
        


                Mutual Funds
            




                            Investment Advisory Service
                        

                            Financial Services
                        

                            Investment Seminars
                        

                            Economic Research & Analysis
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        This company offers portfolio management via separate accounts, wrap programs and mutual funds.

    




            Alternate Business Names
        


                    James Capital Alliance
                

                    James Advantage Funds, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                23
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















James Investment Research, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                James Investment Research, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





























 











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














BBB Business Profile | James Investment Research, Inc.




































Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Mutual Funds
 > 
James Investment Research, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








James Investment Research, Inc.



Submit a Review

































James Investment Research, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(937) 426-7640

James Investment Research, Inc.
45 years in business

        1349 Fairground Rd
        Xenia, OH 45385
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (888) 426-7640
                        




                    Additional Website Addresses
                


http://www.jamescapital.com


http://www.jir-inc.com






See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 04/10/2000
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1972


                Business Incorporated: 01/01/1972 in OH





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    




            Contact Information
        


                    Principal: Mr. Mike McGraw, Marketing Dir.
                

                    Mr. Barry James, President/CEO
                

                    Dr. Frank James, Ph.D., Chairman
                





            Business Category
        


                Mutual Funds
            




                            Investment Advisory Service
                        

                            Financial Services
                        

                            Investment Seminars
                        

                            Economic Research & Analysis
                        




See More Business Categories
See Less Business Categories







            Products & Services
        
        This company offers portfolio management via separate accounts, wrap programs and mutual funds.

    




            Alternate Business Names
        


                    James Capital Alliance
                

                    James Advantage Funds, Inc.
                







                    Licensing, Bonding or Registration
                
                This business is in an industry that may require professional licensing, bonding or registration. BBB encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.

                
            


                    Number of Employees: 
                
                23
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 








            Business Information
        






                    A+
                


                BBB Rating Scorecard
            











Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        









BBB Reason for Ratings


        BBB rating is based on 13 factors: Get the details about the factors considered.










BBB Reports On









Licensing









                        Licensing information is provided in the BBB Business Profiles to inform the public about industries that may require professional licensing, bonding, or registration. Better Business Bureau encourages you to check with the appropriate agency to be certain any requirements are currently being met.
                    





Advertising Review









                        BBB promotes truth in advertising by contacting advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Advertising.  These claims come to our attention from our internal review of advertising, consumer complaints and competitor challenges.  BBB asks advertisers to substantiate their claims, change ads to make offers more clear to consumers, and remove misleading or deceptive statements.
                    





Government Actions









                        BBB reports on known significant government actions involving the business's marketplace conduct.
                    





Out of Business









                        BBB reports on a company that is out of business for three years from the date the company closes its doors or ceases to do business.
                    





Misuse of Better Business Bureau Name/Logo









                        BBB reports on unauthorized use of the Better Business Bureau's name and/or logo for as long as the business continues to use it in any advertising, or for one year after the business ceases any repeated unauthorized uses.
                    





Bankruptcy









                        BBB reports on a business’s bankruptcy as long as the business remains in bankruptcy.
                    





Mail Returned









                        BBB reports when mail sent to the business was returned by the Postal Service.
                    
























James Investment Research, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                James Investment Research, Inc.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    

















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





























 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.






















































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.















































James Investment Research Inc                                                                                            - Xenia                                             , OH         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



OH



Xenia



Investment Advice



Investment Counselors



                            James Investment Research Inc
                                    



 





















J 


James Investment Research Inc                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1349 FAIRGROUND RD XENIA, OH 45385
Get Directions



(937) 426-7640
www.jir-inc.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 1972
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,988,631.00
 Employee Count 16
 Industries Investment Counselors
 Contacts Frank E James                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


James Investment Research Inc                                                                                            was founded in 1972. James Investment Research Inc                                                                                            specializes in Investment Counselors. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























BBB Dayton / Miami Valley






































 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/24/17


10th Annual WiBN Leadership Conference Announces  Extended Speaker Lineup



06/15/17


IRS Imposter Scams Targeting Local Consumers --  Even Teenagers



06/14/17


Take Advantage Of Early Bird Registration For 10th Annual WiBN Leadership Conference for Women



06/13/17


BBB Investigates Online Puppy Sales Operation



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    


                    Businesses committed to higher standards are just a click away:
                

Contractors, Plumbers, Builders, Banks, Movers, Doctors, Attorneys, Charities and more...







File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Sponsors








Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check us out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check us out







Check Us Out




















Marketplace Insight and My BBB Story Videos & Torch Bearers




 







MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.











    







































BBB Dayton / Miami Valley






































 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











News




07/24/17


10th Annual WiBN Leadership Conference Announces  Extended Speaker Lineup



06/15/17


IRS Imposter Scams Targeting Local Consumers --  Even Teenagers



06/14/17


Take Advantage Of Early Bird Registration For 10th Annual WiBN Leadership Conference for Women



06/13/17


BBB Investigates Online Puppy Sales Operation



 More Local News »





                        BBB Accredited Business Directory
                    


                    Businesses committed to higher standards are just a click away:
                

Contractors, Plumbers, Builders, Banks, Movers, Doctors, Attorneys, Charities and more...







File a Complaint
GO NOW »







Auto Warranty Concerns?
FILE A CLAIM »







 Sponsors








Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check us out







Check Us Out







Check us out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out







Check Us Out




















Marketplace Insight and My BBB Story Videos & Torch Bearers




 







MORE »


BBB Military Line®

Consumer education and advocacy for Active Duty, National Guard, Reserve, DoD Civilians, Retirees and their families.











    






























﻿




























James Investment Research Inc. Invests $669,000 in The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG) - Week Herald














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings and News for The Carlyle Group L.P.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor The Carlyle Group L.P. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @WeekHerald









Recent Posts

Vossloh AG (ETR:VOS) Given a €52.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag
Munchener Ruckvers (MEURV) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts
Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €180.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €68.00 by UBS AG
Peugeot SA (UG) PT Set at €18.00 by Macquarie
STMicroelectronics NV (EPA:STM) Given a €15.00 Price Target at UBS AG
Centrica PLC (CNA) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday
Primary Health Properties PLC (LON:PHP) Insider Ian Rutter O.B.E Buys 422 Shares
Danone SA (EPA:BN) Given a €67.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts
Unilever NV (UNIA) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets
LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE (EPA:MC) Given a €240.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts
Societe Generale Reiterates €123.00 Price Target for Cie Gnrl des Etblsmnts Michelin SCA (EPA:ML)
Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG) PT Set at CHF 260 by UBS AG
Standard Life Plc (SL) Insider Keith Skeoch Purchases 29 Shares
Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Earns “Hold” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd
IG Group Holdings plc (LON:IGG) Receives Neutral Rating from Citigroup Inc.
Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) Insider Steven Maddock Buys 41 Shares of Stock
Oxford BioMedica plc (LON:OXB) Price Target Increased to GBX 8.70 by Analysts at N+1 Singer
Kepler Capital Markets Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Greencore Group plc (GNC)
Faroe Petroleum plc (LON:FPM) Receives Outperform Rating from Macquarie



 


James Investment Research Inc. Invests $669,000 in The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG)

					Posted by Samantha Guadardo on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 


Tweet












James Investment Research Inc. bought a new position in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG) during the second quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm bought 33,870 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $669,000. 
A number of other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of CG. Markel Corp raised its stake in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. by 10.5% in the first quarter. Markel Corp now owns 527,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,406,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the last quarter.  Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. by 12.3% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 385,129 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,143,000 after buying an additional 42,060 shares during the last quarter.  Whittier Trust Co. raised its stake in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. by 5.2% in the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co. now owns 41,367 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $660,000 after buying an additional 2,057 shares during the last quarter.  Palo Capital Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. during the first quarter worth approximately $181,000.  Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC raised its stake in shares of  The Carlyle Group L.P. by 18.9% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 21,563 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $344,000 after buying an additional 3,420 shares during the last quarter. 45.38% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. 


 Get The Carlyle Group L.P. alerts:



Shares of The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG) opened at 20.50 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of $1.76 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 95.35 and a beta of 1.82. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $19.12 and its 200-day moving average price is $17.30. The Carlyle Group L.P. has a one year low of $14.35 and a one year high of $20.85. 




The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The financial services provider reported $1.09 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.71. The company had revenue of $1.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $530.61 million. The Carlyle Group L.P. had a net margin of 2.78% and a return on equity of 33.76%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 131.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.18 earnings per share.  Analysts anticipate that  The Carlyle Group L.P. will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first  posted by Week Herald and is the sole property of of Week Herald. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://weekherald.com/2017/07/24/james-investment-research-inc-invests-669000-in-the-carlyle-group-l-p-nasdaqcg.html. 
A number of analysts recently commented on the company. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. boosted their target price on The Carlyle Group L.P. from $28.00 to $29.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, July 14th. BidaskClub raised The Carlyle Group L.P. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, June 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised The Carlyle Group L.P. from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $22.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, July 5th. Morgan Stanley  reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $21.00 target price (up from $20.00) on shares of The Carlyle Group L.P. in a research report on Monday, July 10th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $23.00 target price on shares of The Carlyle Group L.P. in a research report on Thursday, June 15th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one  has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The Carlyle Group L.P.  has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.61.
In other news, insider Pamela L. Bentley sold 9,928 shares of The Carlyle Group L.P. stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.40, for a total transaction of $172,747.20. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 161,702 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,813,614.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. 
The Carlyle Group L.P. Company Profile
The Carlyle Group L.P. is a diversified multi-product global alternative asset management firm. The Company operates in four segments: Corporate Private Equity (CPE), Real Assets, Global Market Strategies (GMS) and Investment Solutions. Corporate Private Equity advises its buyout and growth capital funds, which pursue various corporate investments of different sizes and growth potentials.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Carlyle Group L.P. (NASDAQ:CG).







Receive News & Ratings for The Carlyle Group L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Carlyle Group L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Vossloh AG  Given a €52.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag





Munchener Ruckvers  Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts





Volkswagen AG  Given a €180.00 Price Target by UBS AG Analysts





STMicroelectronics NV  Given a €15.00 Price Target at UBS AG





Peugeot SA  PT Set at €18.00 by Macquarie





Schneider Electric SE  PT Set at €68.00 by UBS AG






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 









































BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.
















































Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Amgen Company Profile (NASDAQ:AMGN)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)
Amgen Inc. is a biotechnology company. The Company discovers, develops, manufactures and delivers various human therapeutics. It operates in human therapeutics segment. Its marketed products portfolio includes Neulasta (pegfilgrastim); erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs), such as Aranesp (darbepoetin alfa) and EPOGEN (epoetin alfa); Sensipar/Mimpara (cinacalcet); XGEVA (denosumab); Prolia (denosumab); NEUPOGEN (filgrastim), and other marketed products, such as KYPROLIS (carfilzomib), Vectibix (panitumumab), Nplate (romiplostim), Repatha (evolocumab), BLINCYTO (blinatumomab), IMLYGIC (talimogene laherparepvec) and Corlanor (ivabradine). It focuses on human therapeutics for the treatment of serious illness in the areas of oncology/hematology, cardiovascular disease and neuroscience. Its product candidates in Phase III include Erenumab for episodic migraine, Aranesp for myelodysplastic syndromes, BLINCYTO for acute lymphoblastic leukemia and IMLYGIC for metastatic melanoma. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Medical
Industry: Bio Therapeutic Drugs
Sub-Industry: Biotechnology
Symbol: NASDAQ:AMGN
CUSIP: 03116210
Web: www.amgen.com

Capitalization:Market Cap: $125.61352 billionOutstanding Shares: 735,399,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $172.48200 Day Moving Avg: $166.3052 Week Range: $133.64 - $184.21


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 16.58Foreward P/E Ratio: 13.72P/E Growth: 3.09Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $22.93 billionPrice / Sales: 5.60Book Value: $41.62 per sharePrice / Book: 4.19Dividend:Annual Dividend: $4.60Dividend Yield: 2.7%


Profitability:EBIDTA: $12.1 billionNet Margins: 35.46%Return on Equity: 29.85%Return on Assets: 11.72%Debt:Debt-to-Equity Ratio: 1.06%Current Ratio: 6.20%Quick Ratio: 4.14%Misc:Average Volume: 3.40 million shs.Beta: 1.36Short Ratio: 2.12

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)
What is Amgen's stock symbol?

Amgen trades on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "AMGN."



How often does Amgen pay dividends? What is the dividend yield for Amgen?

Amgen announced a quarterly dividend on Friday, July 28th. Investors of record on Thursday, August 17th will be paid a dividend of $1.15 per share on Friday, September 8th. This represents a $4.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.64%.  View Amgen's Dividend History.



How were Amgen's earnings last quarter?

Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) announced its earnings results on Tuesday, July, 25th. The company reported $3.27 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks' consensus estimate of $3.11 by $0.16. The business earned $5.81 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.67 billion. Amgen had a return on equity of 29.85% and a net margin of 35.46%. Amgen's revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $2.84 earnings per share.  View Amgen's Earnings History.



When will Amgen make its next earnings announcement?

Amgen is scheduled to release their next quarterly earnings announcement on Wednesday, October, 25th 2017. View Earnings Estimates for Amgen.



Where is Amgen's stock going? Where will Amgen's stock price be in 2017?

22 analysts have issued twelve-month target prices for Amgen's shares. Their predictions range from $161.00 to $209.00. On average, they expect Amgen's stock price to reach $187.39 in the next year. View Analyst Ratings for Amgen.



What are analysts saying about Amgen stock?

Here are some recent quotes from research analysts about Amgen stock: 
1. Cann analysts commented, "Amgen reported GAAP earnings per share of $2.91, which is 3.2% higher than our estimate of $2.83. Earnings exceeded our expectations due to higher than estimated product sales and a lower than estimated tax rate. Higher than estimated product sales were primarily driven by higher sales of Aranesp, Kyprolis, Blincyto, and Sensipar. Nearly all of Amgen’s products exceeded our estimates for International sales. Total product sales of $5.57 billion exceeded our estimated $5.47 billion by 1.8% and exceeded consensus product sales by 2.7%." (7/26/2017)
2. Cowen and Company analysts commented, "Amgen reported Q1 Revenue of $5.46B (-1% Y/Y, vs. consensus of $5.61BE) and." (4/27/2017)
3. BMO Capital Markets analysts commented, "We expect the overall survival (OS) benefit in relapsed myeloma patients to enable Kyprolis to grow in the face of generic competition for Velcade. Upside, however, is in our opinion dependent on data in combination with Revlimid+dex (ECOG Ph3) in newly-diagnosed patients given failure of CLARION. Anecdotal data suggests that Darzalex is best suited in IMiD and proteasome inhibitor failures given lack of response of these agents in patients failing Darzalex." (3/6/2017)
4. According to Zacks Investment Research, "Amgen growth products – Prolia, Xgeva, Vectibix, Nplate and Sensipar – are performing well. Amgen’s restructuring plan should make it leaner and more cost efficient. Amgen is also progressing with its pipeline given quite a few regulatory and data updates scheduled for the coming quarters. Amgen has a positive record of earnings surprises in recent quarters. Amgen’s shares surpassed that of Biomed-Genetics industry in 2016. However, the company has some challenges in store given the presence of biosimilar competition and slowdown in sales of mature products. Biosimilars are starting to have a negative impact on key products like Neupogen and Neulasta in the EU. Moreover, minimal sales price increases and stiff competition can hurt blockbuster Enbrel sales in 2017. Estimates have also declined lately ahead of the company’s Q4 earnings release." (1/3/2017)




Who are some of Amgen's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Amgen include Celgene Corporation (CELG), Gilead Sciences (GILD), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN), Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX), Exelixis (EXEL), TESARO (TSRO), BIOVERATIV INC (BIVV), Kite Pharma (KITE), Clovis Oncology (CLVS), Neurocrine Biosciences (NBIX), bluebird bio (BLUE), Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT), Juno Therapeutics (JUNO), GW Pharmaceuticals PLC (GWPH), BeiGene (BGNE), Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical (RARE), China Biologic Products (CBPO) and Agios Pharmaceuticals (AGIO).



Who are Amgen's key executives?

Amgen's management team includes the folowing people: Robert A. Bradway, Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive OfficerDavid W. Meline, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial OfficerSean E. Harper, Executive Vice President - Research and DevelopmentAnthony C. Hooper, Executive Vice President - Global Commercial OperationsBrian M. McNamee, Executive Vice President - Full Potential InitiativesEsteban Santos, Executive Vice President, OperationsCynthia M. Patton, Senior Vice President, Chief Compliance OfficerJonathan P. Graham, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, SecretaryLori A. Johnston, Senior Vice PresidentDavid A. Piacquad, Senior Vice President - Business Development



Who owns Amgen stock?

Amgen's stock is owned by many different of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional investors include Bank of Montreal Can (0.37%), APG Asset Management N.V. (0.22%), Flossbach Von Storch AG (0.18%), NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. (0.12%), Smead Capital Management Inc. (0.10%) and US Bancorp DE (0.10%). Company insiders that own Amgen stock include Annette Louise Such, Carbonnel Francois De, Cynthia M Patton, David Baltimore, Fred Hassan, Madhavan Balachandran and Sean E Harper. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Amgen.



Who sold Amgen stock? Who is selling Amgen stock?

Amgen's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including APG Asset Management N.V., Assenagon Asset Management S.A., Bank of Montreal Can, NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V., ING Groep NV, Boston Advisors LLC, Douglas Lane & Associates LLC and Russell Investments Group Ltd.. Company insiders that have sold Amgen stock in the last year include Annette Louise Such and Cynthia M Patton. View Insider Buying and Selling for Amgen.



Who bought Amgen stock? Who is buying Amgen stock?

Amgen's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Harbour Capital Advisors LLC, First Quadrant L P CA, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V., Flossbach Von Storch AG, Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc., Grimes & Company Inc., National Pension Service and Manning & Napier Advisors LLC.  View Insider Buying and Selling for Amgen.



How do I buy Amgen stock? 

Shares of Amgen can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Amgen's stock price today?

One share of Amgen stock can currently be purchased for approximately $174.54.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Amgen (NASDAQ AMGN)Community Ranking:  3.1 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  932 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  550 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  1,482MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Amgen and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 11 Hold Ratings, 10 Buy Ratings, 1 Strong Buy RatingConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.55)Consensus Price Target: $187.39 (7.36% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/27/2017ArgusBoost Price TargetBuy$180.00 -> $195.00Low7/26/2017Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.Reiterated RatingOutperform$189.00 -> $203.00Low7/26/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingHold$172.00 -> $174.00Low7/26/2017BMO Capital MarketsDowngradeOutperform -> Market PerformLow7/26/2017CannReiterated RatingBuy$189.00 -> $203.00Low7/22/2017Cowen and CompanyReiterated RatingOutperform$209.00Low7/17/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$195.00Low7/14/2017Credit Suisse GroupSet Price TargetHold$177.00Low7/10/2017Morgan StanleyReiterated RatingOverweightLow7/9/2017MizuhoReiterated RatingBuy$195.00Low6/26/2017William BlairReiterated RatingMarket PerformLow6/22/2017Leerink SwannReiterated RatingMarket Perform$161.00Low6/8/2017Sanford C. BernsteinSet Price TargetHold$164.00Medium4/28/2017Robert W. BairdReiterated RatingNeutral$165.00Low3/20/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)Lower Price TargetConviction-Buy$208.00 -> $202.00Low3/14/2017Piper Jaffray CompaniesReiterated RatingOverweight$193.00Low1/31/2017Royal Bank Of CanadaSet Price TargetBuy$190.00N/A2/1/2017Bank of America CorporationUpgradeNeutral -> Buy$156.68 -> $192.00N/A12/13/2016Chardan CapitalUpgradeSell -> NeutralN/A9/28/2016Citigroup Inc.Lower Price TargetNeutral$175.00 -> $172.00N/A9/28/2016J P Morgan Chase & CoReiterated RatingHoldN/A8/26/2016GabelliInitiated CoverageHoldN/A7/28/2016Barclays PLCReiterated RatingEqual Weight$185.00N/A2/23/2016BTIG ResearchReiterated RatingSell$135.00N/A1/22/2016Wells Fargo & CompanyReiterated RatingHoldN/A12/18/2015Atlantic SecuritiesInitiated CoverageOverweight$202.00N/A9/22/2015NomuraReiterated RatingBuy$190.00 -> $191.00N/A8/31/2015Raymond James Financial, Inc.Initiated CoverageMarket PerformN/A(Data available from 7/29/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)Earnings History by Quarter for Amgen (NASDAQ AMGN)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails10/25/2017$3.11N/A7/25/2017Q2 2017$3.11$3.27$5.67 billion$5.81 billionViewN/A4/26/2017Q1 2017$3.00$3.15$5.60 billion$5.46 billionViewN/A2/2/2017Q416$2.79$2.89$5.75 billion$5.97 billionViewListen10/27/2016Q316$2.79$3.02$5.73 billion$5.81 billionViewListen7/27/2016Q216$2.74$2.84$5.58 billion$5.69 billionViewListen4/28/2016Q116$2.60$2.90$5.32 billion$5.53 billionViewListen1/28/2016Q415$2.29$2.61$5.53 billion$5.54 billionViewListen10/28/2015Q315$2.38$2.72$5.32 billion$5.72 billionViewListen7/30/2015Q215$2.43$2.57$5.32 billion$5.37 billionViewListen4/21/2015Q115$2.07$2.48$4.91 billion$5.03 billionViewListen1/27/2015Q414$2.05$2.16$5.20 billion$5.33 billionViewListen10/27/2014Q314$2.11$2.30$4.95 billion$5.03 billionViewListen7/29/2014Q214$2.07$2.37$4.90 billion$5.18 billionViewListen4/22/2014Q114$1.94$1.87$4.76 billion$4.52 billionViewListen1/28/2014Q413$1.69$1.82$4.81 billion$5.01 billionViewListen10/22/2013Q313$1.78$1.94$4.60 billion$4.75 billionViewListen7/30/2013Q2 2013$1.74$1.89$4.49 billion$4.68 billionViewListen4/23/2013Q1 2013$1.84$1.96$4.37 billion$4.24 billionViewN/A1/23/2013Q4 2012$1.42$1.40$4.37 billion$4.42 billionViewListen10/23/2012$1.47$1.67ViewN/A7/26/2012$1.54$1.83ViewN/A1/26/2012$1.22$1.21ViewN/A10/24/2011$1.29$1.40ViewN/A7/29/2011$1.29$1.37ViewN/A4/20/2011$1.29$1.34ViewN/A1/24/2011$1.11$1.17ViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $12.282018 EPS Consensus Estimate: $12.67QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20173$3.04$3.17$3.09Q2 20173$3.05$3.12$3.09Q3 20173$3.01$3.17$3.11Q4 20173$2.97$2.99$2.98Q1 20181$3.29$3.29$3.29Q2 20181$3.18$3.18$3.18Q3 20181$3.10$3.10$3.10Q4 20181$3.10$3.10$3.10(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Current Dividend Information for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)Next Dividend:9/8/2017Annual Dividend:$4.60Dividend Yield:2.64%Dividend Growth:28.60% (3 Year Average)Payout Ratio:41.93% (Trailing 12 Months of Earnings)  36.77% (Based on This Year's Estimates)36.16% (Based on Next Year's Estimates)Track Record:6 Years of Consecutive Dividend GrowthDividend History by Quarter for Amgen (NASDAQ AMGN)AnnouncedPeriodAmountYieldEx-Dividend DateRecord DatePayable Date7/28/2017quarterly$1.158/17/20179/8/20173/7/2017quarterly$1.152.59%5/15/20175/17/20176/8/201712/20/2016quarterly$1.153.15%2/13/20172/15/20173/8/201710/14/2016quarterly$1.002.46%11/14/201611/16/201612/8/20167/22/2016quarterly$1.002.4%8/15/20168/17/20169/8/20163/2/2016quarterly$1.002.74%5/13/20165/17/20166/8/201612/15/2015quarterly$1.002.43%2/11/20162/16/20163/8/201610/14/2015quarterly$0.792.07%11/12/201511/16/201512/7/20157/28/2015quarterly$0.791.84%8/13/20158/17/20159/8/20153/4/2015quarterly$0.791.98%5/12/20155/14/20156/5/201512/17/2014quarterly$0.791.88%2/10/20152/12/20153/6/201510/17/2014quarterly$0.611.77%11/10/201411/13/201412/5/20147/25/2014quarterly$0.611.99%8/12/20148/14/20149/5/20143/5/2014quarterly$0.611.96%5/13/20145/15/20146/6/201412/13/2013quarterly$0.612.18%2/11/20142/13/20143/7/201410/16/2013quarterly$0.471.62%11/12/201311/14/201312/6/20137/26/2013quarterly$0.471.72%8/14/20138/16/20139/6/20133/6/2013quarterly$0.472.02%5/14/20135/16/20136/7/201312/13/2012quarterly$0.472.11%2/11/20132/13/20133/7/2013(Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)Insider Ownership Percentage: 0.20%Institutional Ownership Percentage: 78.87%Insider Trades by Quarter for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails5/24/2017Cynthia M PattonSVPSell2,922$154.40$451,156.80  8/2/2016Annette Louise SuchVPSell3,000$174.59$523,770.00  5/4/2016Madhavan BalachandranEVPSell30,000$154.12$4,623,600.00  4/29/2016David BaltimoreDirectorSell3,312$157.21$520,679.52  4/29/2016Sean E HarperEVPSell21,875$157.99$3,456,031.25  8/31/2015Carbonnel Francois DeDirectorSell5,000$153.84$769,200.00  8/19/2015Fred HassanDirectorBuy3,010$166.63$501,556.30  6/2/2015Cynthia M PattonSVPSell4,530$157.06$711,481.80  4/23/2015Stuart A TrossSVPSell3,012$169.31$509,961.72  4/22/2015Sean E HarperEVPSell28,000$171.58$4,804,240.00  3/3/2015Stuart A TrossSVPSell4,415$157.74$696,422.10  3/2/2015David BaltimoreDirectorSell3,647$158.76$578,997.72  2/11/2015Robert A BradwayCEOSell22,000$152.69$3,359,180.00  2/5/2015Frank C HerringerDirectorBuy3,000$152.29$456,870.00  12/3/2014Carbonnel Francois DeDirectorSell3,000$168.01$504,030.00  8/5/2014Cynthia M PattonSVPSell2,644$127.97$338,352.68  8/5/2014Sean E HarperEVPSell14,000$127.29$1,782,060.00  5/21/2014Thomas J.W. DittrichCAOSell4,130$112.83$465,987.90  4/28/2014A Kelly MichaelCFOSell2,065$110.45$228,079.25  3/6/2014Carbonnel Francois DeDirectorSell1,000$126.69$126,690.00  9/4/2013Madhavan BalachandranEVPSell18,000$112.76$2,029,680.00  8/28/2013David BaltimoreDirectorSell4,582$109.66$502,462.12  5/22/2013Thomas J.W. DittrichCAOSell6,130$104.78$642,301.40  5/21/2013Madhavan BalachandranEVPSell6,000$103.28$619,680.00  5/17/2013Rebecca M HendersonDirectorSell8,421$105.72$890,268.12  5/16/2013Cynthia M PattonSVPSell3,544$105.01$372,155.44  5/14/2013Judith C PelhamDirectorSell25,000$108.25$2,706,250.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)


Latest Headlines for Amgen (NASDAQ:AMGN)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineAmgen: Income On Sale - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 28 at 9:59 PMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Announces $1.15 Quarterly Dividendwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 5:46 PMAmgen, Inc. :AMGN-US: Earnings Analysis: Q2, 2017 By the Numbers : July 28, 2017finance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 4:54 PMCourt Ruling on 'Biosimilars' Sets Stage for More Drug Acquisitionsfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 4:54 PMAmgen Announces 2017 Third Quarter Dividendfinance.yahoo.com - July 28 at 4:54 PMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Expected to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $2.97 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 4:11 PMFY2017 Earnings Estimate for Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Issued By Gabelliwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 12:57 PMQ3 2017 EPS Estimates for Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Boosted by Jefferies Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 28 at 8:15 AMAmgen gets fast US FDA review for adding heart benefits to cholesterol drug label - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 27 at 8:31 PMFDA Grants Priority Review For Amgen's Supplemental Biologics License Application For Repatha® (evolocumab) To Include Data On Reducing Risk Of Cardiovascular Eventsfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 8:31 PMAmgen gets fast U.S. FDA review for adding heart benefits to cholesterol drug labelfinance.yahoo.com - July 27 at 8:31 PMAMGN Named A Top Socially Responsible Dividend Stock - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 27 at 3:30 PMAmgen Reports Q2: Short- And Long-Term Considerations - Amgen ... - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 27 at 3:30 PMJefferies Group Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Amgen Inc. (AMGN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 10:43 AMLeerink Swann Weighs in on Amgen Inc.'s Q3 2017 Earnings (AMGN)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 9:49 AMAmgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 27 at 9:49 AMAmgen Inc. Reports 12% Gain In Q2 Bottom Line - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 26 at 9:21 PM'Poor Quality' Amgen Earnings Beat Doesn't Impress These Two Wall Street Analysts - Benzingawww.benzinga.com - July 26 at 9:21 PM'Poor Quality' Amgen Earnings Beat Doesn't Impress These Two Wall Street Analystsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 9:21 PMAmgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Given New $185.00 Price Target at UBS AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 7:26 PMShort Sellers Run for Cover From Major Biotech Stocks - 24/7 Wall St.247wallst.com - July 26 at 4:20 PMAmgen (AMGN) Stock Falls Despite Q2 Earnings & Sales Beat - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 26 at 4:20 PMAmgen, Inc. (AMGN) Stock Is a Trade for Ailing Portfolios - Investorplace.cominvestorplace.com - July 26 at 4:20 PMUS STOCKS-Boeing, AT&T power Wall St to record; Fed in focusfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:20 PMUS STOCKS-Strong earnings power Wall St to record; Fed awaitedfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:20 PMAmgen turned in a strong second quarter — but analysts say things are looking bleakfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:19 PMGains for AT&T and Boeing help lift US stock indexes higherfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:19 PMAmgen: It's Never Just About the Earningsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:19 PMEdited Transcript of AMGN earnings conference call or presentation 25-Jul-17 9:00pm GMTfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 4:19 PMAmgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Given Outperform Rating at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.www.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 2:03 PMAmgen's (AMGN) Hold Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AGwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 26 at 12:41 PMAmgen shares drop as earnings report reveals ‘embarrassingly bare’ drug pipeline www.cnbc.com - July 26 at 11:47 AMAmgen, Inc. (AMGN) Stock Is a Trade for Ailing Portfoliosinvestorplace.com - July 26 at 10:33 AMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Is Pulling Back After Q2 Reportwww.rttnews.com - July 26 at 1:44 AMAmgen second-quarter profit tops Street view, shares fallwww.reuters.com - July 26 at 1:44 AMAmgen (AMGN) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen beats on top linefinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen 2nd quarter profit tops Street estimates, raises forecastfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectationsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen beats Street 2Q forecastsfinance.yahoo.com - July 26 at 1:43 AMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.16 EPSwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 25 at 9:48 PMAmgen shares down 3% after company's guidance on lower end of expectations - MarketWatchwww.marketwatch.com - July 25 at 8:40 PMEarnings Reaction History: Amgen Inc., 54.5% Follow-Through Indicator, 3.1% Sensitive - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 25 at 3:39 PMAmgen And Novartis: First Mover Advantage Is A Must - Seeking Alphaseekingalpha.com - July 25 at 4:27 AMShrinking dollar could boost the market and make these stocks big winnersfinance.yahoo.com - July 24 at 6:23 PMAmgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Companywww.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 2:08 PMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Receives "Buy" Rating from BMO Capital Marketswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 11:42 AMAmgen Inc. (AMGN) Given Consensus Recommendation of "Buy" by Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 12:28 AMAmgen (AMGN) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in the Cards? - Nasdaqwww.nasdaq.com - July 21 at 10:31 PM


Social





Chart
Amgen (AMGN) Chart for Saturday, July, 29, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















News Items


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 











					News Items			

| Print | 






April 4, 2014 Special Study - Shifting Gears  Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


December 10, 2013 2014 Economic Outlook  Click Here To Read (.PDF)


June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


March 1, 2013 Sequestration Interview with Dr. JamesListen Here


December 11, 2012 2013 Economic Outlook VideosView Here


September 5, 2012 Special Study - No Cliff DivingClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


March 30, 2012 Special Study - Why Own Bonds?Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


August 18, 2011 Market Volatility: What are we doing?Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


July 29, 2011 Special Study - No American DefaultClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


May 20, 2011 Special Study - How to Offset InflationClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

Jan 24, 2011 New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B FinanceClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


Jan 18, 2010 Topping MarketsClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)


Jul 13, 2009 New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic WoesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)



Dec 8, 2008 Rally at Hand
Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)



Sep 18, 2008 Global Impact of the Financial Crisis Interview with Dr. Frank James
Click Here To Listen (.mp3)


Mar 16, 2008 Buy StocksFor months we have urged caution in stock investing. Our special study in January suggested that a
quick economic fix was not in the cards. Click Here To Read This Article. (.PDF)




Jan 28, 2008 No Quick FixPoliticians negotiate to produce “stimulus” to offset a U.S. recession in this election year. But master chefs
know that a recession is already “Baked in the Cake”.Click Here To Read This Article. (.PDF)

Dec 11, 2007Economic Outlook 2008 Presented 
Click Here to View Economic Outlook 2008

Jan 16, 2007Barry James Promoted to President of JIRAlpha, OH - Dr. Frank E. James, founder and Chairman of James Investment Research, a 33-year old investment management firm in the suburb of Dayton, has announced that the Board of Directors has promoted Barry R. James to the office of President of the Firm.  


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
























Mid-Cap


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 











					Mid-Cap			





A Track Record of Performance

James Investment Research, Inc. has been successfully managing portfolios for over a quarter of a century. Our client base includes corporations, foundations, hospitals, financial institutions, our own mutual fund family as well as private investors. We are committed to an investment philosophy which focuses on a single objective: To grow our clients' assets while stressing the preservation of principal and the reduction of risk.

At James, clients' portfolios can be customized to meet their individual needs and objectives. In fact, we offer equity portfolios with different levels of risk tolerance, market capitalization targets and social responsibility restrictions.

More Equity Choices Adds Value

In order to meet the growth and diversification needs of equity investors, James Investment Research offers a range of equity investment styles. We understand that clients have different needs and risk tolerances, and this is why we've created the following investment choices. By utilizing these styles either independently or in a customized blend, we can help people reach their financial goals.

Proprietary Research - The Key to our Investment Success

The professionals of James Investment Research, Inc, are, above all else, risk managers. We understand that preservation of capital and long-term growth are critical to our clients.

That's why we use strategic asset allocation techniques to create balanced portfolios custom-tailored to meet each individual's investment needs and risk tolerance. Our active management style bases asset allocation on our proprietary market risk indicators. These indicators help us assess the general risk levels in the stock and bond markets.

We review them every week in the form of written market appraisals, a long-time James tradition. Our appraisals give us a clearer picture of the market's long, intermediate and short-term risks. Armed with this knowledge, we adjust either the stock, bond or cash allocation of a balanced portfolio toward the area offering the least risk and the greatest potential reward.

Since we do most of our research in-house, we have been able to create a unique top-down approach to generating wealth for our clients. What begins with a broad investigation of overall economic trends such as interest rates and inflation, funnels down to an in-depth market risk assessment. After this, we make an allocation decision. Next, we actively manage the equity and fixed-income portions of the portfolio. This is how we strive to maximize return, while minimizing risk.

James Strategic Asset Allocation Process

James seeks to add value at every level of the portfolio management process. This means we take an active management approach not only to equities in a balanced portfolio, but to the bonds as well. Our fixed income investment philosophy is centered on preserving capital through interest rate anticipation and active duration management. Our market risk indicators help us to assess the direction of interest rates and to identify periods of risk in the fixed income markets. We then target a portfolio duration according to individual risk tolerance. You won’t find “exotics”, “high risk derivatives” or junk bonds in James-managed portfolios. Instead, we focus on high-quality bonds, insured municipal bonds, convertible bonds, U.S. Government Agency bonds and other high quality investments. Sticking with these more conservative types of bonds means the portfolio will offer excellent liquidity.


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
























Small-Cap


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 











					Small-Cap			





More Equity Choices Adds Value

In order to meet the growth and diversification needs of equity investors, James investment research offers a range of equity investment styles. We understand that clients have different needs and risk tolerances, and this is why we've created more investment choices. By utilizing these styles either independently or in a customized blend, we can help clients reach their financial goals.

Why Small-cap Stocks?


It makes sense not only to diversify across asset classes by owning both stocks and bonds, but also to diversify within your stock portfolio by owning small companies as well as large ones. If you're looking for opportunities for higher returns on your investments, consider small-cap stocks for at least a portion of your portfolio. These small issues, which we traditionally define as securities with market capitalizations at the time of purchase no larger than the stocks in the Russell 2000® Index - have historically provided higher returns than large stocks. In studies by the market historians - Ibbottson and Associates, going back 25 years small stocks have outperformed larger stocks in all time periods five years and longer.

The Ups and Downs of Small Stocks


As you might expect, these higher returns come at a price - greater volatility. In the past 25 years, small stocks have been subject to greater ups and downs than large stocks. In fact, generally small stocks have fallen more than larger stocks in periods where the market (S&P 500 Index) has fallen.





However, history teaches us that for the long-term investor, there's potential for great rewards when including small-cap stocks as part of an overall investment strategy. In fact, over the history of the stock market, small stocks have outperformed large stocks on average by four percent on an annual basis. However, you may think that the risks associated with small-cap investing are too daunting. The key question is: How can investors achieve greater returns with acceptable levels of risk? The answer: by following a disciplined research approach.

James Investment Research has built a successful record in managing small stock portfolios by following a disciplined value approach to investing. We use fundamental analysis as well as our vast computer resources, to search for the top small companies. Our proprietary model is a tremendous tool in our search for small-cap stocks. Our model provides us a database of over 8,000 stocks to identify those with the strongest combination of value, neglect and management confidence traits. We then select from the best ranked stocks that meet our small-cap definition.

Conversely, stocks are sold from the portfolio if they substantially deteriorate in our ranking system, are no longer undervalued or grow above our small-cap size definition.

To put our theories to the test, James Researchers have conducted a ten-year simulation which specifically measured the performance of small-cap value stocks selected by our screens. In the simulation, James' stocks outperformed The Russell 2000 Small-cap Index (the market bellwether measure for these stocks) with less risk as measured by standard deviation. (to receive a copy of this simulation, please contact us.)


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
























Micro-Cap


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 











					Micro-Cap			





More Equity Choices adds Value

In order to meet the growth and diversification needs of equity investors, James Investment Research offers a range of equity investment styles. We understand that clients have different needs and risk tolerances, and this is why we've created more investment choices. By utilizing these styles either independently or in a customized blend, we can help you reach your financial goals.

Why Micro-Cap Stocks?

It makes sense not only to diversify across asset classes by owning both stocks and bonds, but also to diversify within your stock portfolio by owning small companies as well as large ones. If you're looking for opportunities for higher returns on your investments, you might consider Micro-cap stocks for at least a portion of your portfolio. These small issues, which we traditionally define as securities with market capitalizations at the time of purchase no larger than the stocks in the Russell Microcap® Index - may have undiscovered value we can tap.

Of course, micro cap stocks are very volatile, greater levels of diversification helps reduce the overall volatility of a micro cap portfolio. Still, this style is suitable for aggressive investors with a high risk tolerance.

James Investment Research has built a successful record in managing micro-cap stock portfolios by following a disciplined value approach to investing. We use fundamental analysis as well as our vast computer resources, to search for the top small companies. Our proprietary model is a tremendous tool in our search for micro-cap stocks. Our model searches a database of over 8,000 stocks to identify those with the strongest combination of value, neglect and management confidence traits. We then select from the very best ranked stocks for of those that meet our micro-cap definition.

Conversely, stocks are sold from the portfolio if they substantially deteriorate in our ranking system, are no longer undervalued or grow above our micro-cap size definition.


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
























Education


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 













Education
Barry James, President of James Investment Research and author of 7 Timeless Principles Of Investing, gives investors the tools to make savvy investments no matter the market conditions.  The following videos will guide you through how to be a better investor according to the principles Barry has applied to his own investments.



Previous Chapter
Overview: 7 Timeless Principles Of Investing
Next Chapter








Introduction: Investing Isn't Gambling
 Some people view the stock market as a casino. Others think of gambling as a form of investing.  Neither is true, so let's dispel the myths by highlighting the three major differences between investing and gambling.



The First Principle: Know Yourself
"What does knowing myself have to do with investing?" In a word, everything. At James Investment Research, Inc., we've learned that truly successful investors achieve their goals based on their temperament, even if it means they don't make the highest possible returns. They match their investments to their comfort levels so they can stay with their choices for the long run, putting the odds of success in their favor.



The Second Principle: Avoid Losing Money
Warren Buffett, one of the world's wealthiest people, has two oft-quoted rules for investing.  The first is the opening quote of this chapter, "Never lose money."  The second is: "Never forget rule number one."



The Third Principle: It's Not What You Own - It's When
The goal of winning drove every decision legendary coach Vince Lombardi made for his team. But for investors, the goal is good timing.



The Fourth Principle: Hang On to Winners, Sell Losers
How do you know which stock to sell?  First, keep in mind that your remaining stocks should be the ones with the best potential for advancing.  Second, check with your financial or tax adviser about any tax consequences your sell decision could have.  After that your choice is simple but not necessarily easy:  whether to sell your biggest losers.



The Fifth Principle: Avoid Following the Crowd
There's a concept in investing called a mania, and it's got a lot in common with its psychological roots. It's what happens when a large number of investors' emotions cloud good, solid reason.



The Sixth Principle: Diversify, Diversify, Diversify
No matter how carefully you chose an investment, disaster can strike.  Sometimes it is literally, as in the case of major hurricanes, droughts or earthquakes.  Sometimes it is political in nature.  Markets can be rocked by coups, government incentives or austere laws and regulations.  When you diversify, you reduce your exposure to such risks.



The Seventh Principle: Let Time Work for You
The final principle sums up all the rest.  Having made smart, diversified investments that fit your temperament, it's time to sit back and let your decisions play out over time.



How to Apply the 7 Principles
Complete five steps that will lead you to an investing style that matches your temperament and investing goals.



In Conclusion
As I close, I ask you to consider one last investing principle. It concerns what I think it is the greatest investment opportunity of all – eternity.

 


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
























Fixed Income


































 


HomeAbout UsNews ItemsMutual FundsEconomic OutlookContact UsEducation


 




















Sign up for Weekly Market Commentary














































 























 











					Fixed Income			





The Bond markets are one of the most important asset classes for many investors as well as for James Investment Research. Portfolio objectives such as liquidity and income often require fixed income exposure. We are active fixed income managers. That means we will adjust the risk profile of the bond portfolio to reflect what is happening in the economy.


This risk management is multi-dimensional. James uses duration, convexity, credit rating and other important fixed income characteristics to build a bond portfolio that reflects the client's risk tolerance as well as his/her objectives and needs. Since each client is different, each client's portfolio will also be unique.

James will use economies of scale whenever possible to keep transaction costs low. Also, buying and selling in large blocks enables clients to get better prices. In the competitive fixed income markets, this is an important advantage.

Of course a major function of a bond portfolio is to protect capital when the stock market is declining. The transfer of assets from stocks to bonds in those difficult times and then back into stocks when the outlook for equities is brighter is referred to as strategic asset allocation. This is the cornerstone of our balanced management style.

Professionally managed bond portfolios have been a James hallmark for decades. These portfolios are always invested in bonds and generally add growth to their list of objectives. Our statistical fixed income indicators, revalidated every other year, have been adding value to these client portfolios when rates rise as well as fall.

The value of careful research and professional management is very apparent in James' fixed income style. Whether the client is an individual investor or a large institution, James bond management is a powerful tool to help meet financial goals.


 


 

 













James News
March 15, 2017A Cautionary TaleClick to Read

December 14, 2016Economic Outlook 2017Click to Read

November 9, 2016Initial Thoughts on the ElectionClick to Read

October 18, 2016Whitepaper 2016 Election ConsiderationsClick Here To View This Whitepaper

June 27, 2016Special Study Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 27, 2016Video Opportunity from BrexitClick Here To View This Video

June 22, 2016Video Current Conditions 6-22-16Click Here To View This Video

Junes 13, 2016Whitepaper - Who Will Win?Click Here To Read This Article

January 4, 2016Video Economic Outlook 2016: InternationalClick Here To View This Video

December 28, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: BondsClick Here To View This Video

December 21, 2015Video Economic Outlook 2016: EconomyClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 23, 2015China is not Greece Special StudyClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

September 2, 2015Dirty Dozen VideoClick Here To View This Video

September 1, 2015Dirty Dozen Economic TripwiresClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

August 26, 2015Quick Clip: Thoughts on Recent SelloffClick Here To View This Video

June 29, 2015Special Study - Opportunity In Greek CrisisClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

June 12, 2013 Special Study - Topping Markets 2013Click Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 22, 2013 Special Study - Sequestration FolliesClick Here To Read This Article (.PDF)

March 18, 2013 White Paper - Cyprus Crisis AftershockClick Here To Read (.PDF)

March 1, 2013
Sequestration Interview with Dr. James

Listen Here

December 11, 2012
2013 Economic Outlook Videos

View Here

September 5, 2012
Special Study - No Cliff Diving

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


August 18, 2011
Market Volatility: What are we doing?

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


July 29, 2011
Special Study - No American Default

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


May 20, 2011
Special Study - How to Offset Inflation

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 24, 2011
New Years Forecast - Dayton B2B Finance

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jan 18, 2010
Topping Markets

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


Jul 13, 2009
New Stimulus Won't Cure Economic Woes

Click Here To Read (.pdf)


 





















Copyright © 2017 James Investment Research, Inc.     
















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































