

The Justice Record - Home



























The Justice Record










The Justice Record





		Home
	



		Justice Blog
	













	HOW WELL DO YOU KNOWJIM JUSTICE?


	Learn About His Record













The Real Story of Billionaire Jim Justice
Billionaire Jim Justice may run for the Democratic nomination for Governor of West Virginia. Some tout him as a humanitarian and successful businessman. He inherited a family coal mining business before selling much of it in 2009 to a Russian company. Then, he bought the bankrupt Greenbrier Resort. Forbes Magazine lists him as the richest man in West Virginia. With assets totaling $1.69 billion, there is little doubt Jim Justice could spend significantly to try and "buy" an election through advertising. But history has shown that strategy to be a difficult one in West Virginia where former Senator Jay Rockefeller used his vast personal family’s oil fortune to run for offices with mixed results.
 




Get Email Updates from The Justice Record:

Name *



First



Last





Email *














Submit



 



Bad for Coal Safety and the Environment
In the wake of President Obama’s election in 2008 where he promised to bankrupt coal, Jim Justice sold his coal company to a foreign company for $436 million leaving behind a wake of lawsuits from vendors that he failed to pay after he banked millions of dollars. Justice moved the corporate headquarters of his coal company from Beckley, West Virginia to Roanoke, Virginia in 2012. Justice’s coal operations have been the subject of multiple safety violations where he has racked up some $2 million in fines of which he has failed to pay $1.5 million. All that despite a company spokesperson promising that he would personally pay the fines. Kentucky's Commissioner of the State Department for Natural Resources issued a letter to billionaire Jim Justice in 2014 that said, "For the past two and one half years, your company has allowed these problems to continue, languish and multiply to the point that this department is left with no recourse” but to shut down mines."Even fellow Democrat former Congressman George Miller from California said of Justice, “He’s a major figure within the community, and yet he just simply chooses to ignore this [fines]. He’s certainly exhibit A of the kind of operator that should not be allowed to continue with reckless disregard of the law.”In a recent lawsuit, environmental groups claimed coal mines in Tennessee owned by the billionaire Justice were discharging pollutants into forks of the New River in violation of the Clean Water Act and subjecting local residents to an unknown amount of toxic materials dumped into their streams and rivers.In 2014, the federal Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement (OSMRE) issued 39 cessation orders against three Jim Justice-owned companies in Tennessee according to the Sierra Club. Additionally, Greenwire reported that coal mines owned by billionaire Jim Justice have been cited for more than 250 environmental violations in five states with unpaid penalties as high as $2 million.According to an NPR/ MSHN investigation, Jim Justice is the third most prolific delinquent coal mine operator, owing $2,148,401 in fines to the MSHA, and injury rates in Justice’s delinquent mines over the last five years are more than double the average rate. "The report states that through March of this year, the delinquent Justice mines committed nearly 4,000 violations; 1,300 citations were classified by federal inspectors as S & S (significant and substantial), and more than 500 violations were “the kind of violations that are common in mine disasters, accidents and deaths.”In 2014, Approximately 100 Kentucky and Virginia coal miners won a class action lawsuit against James C. Justice Companies Inc., after claiming they were fired in May 2013 without first receiving a 60-day notice under the WARN (Worker Adjustment and Retaining Notification) Act.Additionally, the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration said in May 2014 that billionaire Jim Justice's organization owed $3.18 million related to worker safety issues.As a result of billionaire Jim Justice's neglect in paying an estimated 266 unresolved mining violations in five states, he has shifted the burden of mine cleanup onto states and counties. 
Special Deals and Tax Breaks for Billionaire Jim Justice
Jim Justice has a history of using his business and political connections to score special deals and tax breaks for his businesses and organizations. In 2010, Jim Justice had planned to ask the state to give him $10 million for The Greenbrier Classic, but the request was later lowered to $1 million. The $1 million special deal was blocked in the House of Delegates, where one members said "the state should spend economic development money on water and sewer projects and other infrastructure improvements." Despite opposition from the House of Delegates, then Governor Manchin indicated he still intended to distribute the money to The Greenbrier. The next special deal for billionaire Jim Justice came in 2011 when the West Virginia Legislature approved a tax credit that would provide $10 million in state funding a year over 10 years to the state's four racetrack casinos and to the casino at the Greenbrier to provide funds for the purchase of new slot machines and to upgrade the casinos.The State of West Virginia continues to subsidize The Greenbrier Classic in the form of a sponsorship, which cost $1.7 million in 2014. While Governor Tomblin was cutting $67 million from the 2015 state budget, billionaire Jim Justice's Greenbrier Resort lobbyist successfully lobbied for a $25 million tax credit for new construction projects at the luxury resort property. "Governor Earl Ray Tomblin signed legislation giving Greenbrier Resort owner Jim Justice up to $25 million in tax credits for a sports medicine institute and for the creation of a ski area. It was done with great fanfare and under the guise of bringing the New Orleans Saints to the Greenbrier to create a summer practice facility." - hereFor a man with an estimated net worth of $1.6 billion, Jim Justice's business experience hasn't translated into success for his charity, Old White Charities, Inc. According to IRS Form 990s publicly available, the charity posted $4.1 million in liabilities in 2013, $1.6 million in liabilities for 2012, and $10.2 million in liabilities in 2011. 
Litigating Small Business Out of Business
Supporting Barack Obama isn't the only thing that billionaire Jim Justice has done to hurt West Virginia small businesses. He has a record of using his power and wealth to not pay small businesses for work they performed for his companies, which often times results in expensive lawsuits that many small businesses cannot afford. "Seven coal and fuel companies owned by Jim Justice, the owner of The Greenbrier resort, are being sued for allegedly not paying their bills. Beckley-based Phillips Machine Services filed suit on Oct. 8, asking for a total of about $1.1 million from the Justice-owned companies" - here"There is some angry, angry people ... When you do business with a billionaire, you think you are going to get paid,’ said Lee Kersey, owner of M&D Electrical Supply in Hazard." - here"Mark Miracle, the owner of Dynatech Electronics in Harlan, Ky. Miracle says he is owed about $150,000 for electrical mining supplies provided to three Justice mining companies more than a year ago. ‘They owe a lot of people a lot of money.’” - here"Worth an estimated $1.6 billion, West Virginian Jim Justice II ranks 342nd on Forbes' list of richest Americans, and yet, his businesses are notorious for not paying their bills." - here"Jim Justice and his Greenbrier Resort are facing another lawsuit." ... "...relations between the resort’s owner and the architect who helped get the Old White golf course ready for the PGA event earlier this year have turned into a classic legal battle." Has Jim Justice or any of his companies NOT paid a bill they owe you? Click here to let us know!
Supporting Barack Obama
Despite West Virginia overwhelmingly rejecting Barack Obama’s candidacy in 2008, Jim Justice and his immediate family went out of their way to personally donate $91,200 to a political committee designed to help Obama’s 2012 re-election campaign. He also donated over $30,000 to a Kentucky state political organization that worked to re-elect President Obama.The Greenbrier, owned by Justice and his family, gave $40,000 last fall to a political expenditure group in West Virginia specifically assembled by the gambling industry to support pro-gambling, pro-abortion and anti-coal Democrat legislators.Billionaire Jim Justice and his family have contributed more than $400,000 to Kentucky Governor Steve Beshear (D), who endorsed Barack Obama. He was also asked to make a contribution to restore the governor's mansion in Kentucky by Governor Beshear's wife.



Support The West Virginia Republican Party















 
Paid for by the West Virginia Republican PartyNot authorized by any candidate or candidate's committeeWest Virginia Republican Party, Copyright 2016.This site is an effort to educate West Virginia voters on issues in the field of Justice in West Virginia, including our Supreme Court, political corruption, legal reform & the 2016 Election.This site is NOT in any way affiliated with Jim Justice, The Greenbrier, or any candidate.
 





















✕















 













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Nothing is invented, for it’s written in nature first. Antoni Gaudí, Architect    

James C. Justice Companies Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:53 AM ET

Company Overview of James C. Justice Companies Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



106 Lockheed DriveBeaver, WV 25813United StatesFounded in 2003










Key Executives for James C. Justice Companies Inc.


James C. Justice Companies Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact James C. Justice Companies Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























James C Justice Companies, Inc. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Crop Production Industry Report

















James C Justice Companies, Inc.Company Information

187 Daniels RdLake City, SC, 29560 United States(843) 389-4433 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

James C Justice Companies, Inc. Company Profile
Cotton, nsk
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional James C Justice Companies, Inc. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Lake City, SC, United States
Crop Production







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























JAMES C. JUSTICE COMPANIES, INC. - TURBEVILLE, SC - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



SC



TURBEVILLE



Management Consulting Services



Management Consulting Services



                            JAMES C. JUSTICE COMPANIES, INC.
                                    



 





















J 


JAMES C. JUSTICE COMPANIES, INC.



1512 BOB WHITE RD TURBEVILLE, SC 29162
Get Directions



(843) 659-3760





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated SC
 Annual Revenue $190,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Management Consulting Services
 Contacts JAMES C JUSTICE







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


JAMES C. JUSTICE COMPANIES, INC. is a management consulting service.









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




































James C Justice Companies, Inc. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers









































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Crop Production Industry Report















James C Justice Companies, Inc. Revenue and Financial Data
Cotton, nsk







Financials Information for James C Justice Companies, Inc.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Credit Rating







Income Statement (mil)




Revenue


Gross Profit


Operating Income


Net Income


Diluted EPS







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























James C Justice Co Inc - Beaver, West Virginia


 













 






























Search For "Financial" Companies in Beaver, West Virginia - Click Here Now!


View Similar Companies Nearby








James C Justice Co Inc 341 Miles From You








James C Justice Co Inc










106 Lockheed Dr
Beaver, West Virginia 25813

(304) 252-1074 Call Now!Phone &raquo Click To Reveal
Website not availableWebsite &raquo Click To Reveal

 Be the first! 

+Recommend


Financial » Holding Companies


Not the business you're looking for?
Find more results for James C Justice Co Inc




























Contact Details






View Competitors











About James C Justice Co Inc
James C Justice Co Inc in Beaver is a company that specializes in Holding Companies. Our records show it was established in West Virginia.  Register for free to see additional information such as annual revenue, employment figures, products, hour of operation, etc.

Company Address106 Lockheed Dr Beaver, West Virginia, 25813  Show MapPhone Number(304) 252-1074Phone &raquo Click To RevealCompany Websiteinformation not available


Categories and Products
Holding Companies in Beaver, West Virginia

KeywordsJames C Justice Co Inc












Delete This Listing
 


If you own this company and would like to delete this listing, click here.

Click Here To Delete Listing







Other Holding Companies
INTEGRITY HOLDINGS, LLC
Offices Of Holding Companies, Nec

Grey Goose Llc
Offices Of Holding Companies, Nec

LEWIS ONE PLAZA CENTER CORPORATION
Offices Of Holding Companies, Nec

NATIONAL RESOURCES INC
Offices Of Holding Companies, Nec



Nearby Companies
Tax Relief LLC
Beaver, WV

Mount Olive Florist And Balloons
Mount Olive, AL

CSX
Rainelle, WV

Patel Rajesh MD
Beaver, WV




                    Loading
                


Related Products in Holding Companies 









About SaleSpider

Social Media Networks: The New Advertising Mecca
Fox Business










Want to Promote Your Business?
Want to Promote Your Business?


Add Your Business Now for Free!


OR




Claim This Listing Now


66457042
















Recently Viewed Businesses


Rmc Tricot





Rising Investments Veldhoven B.v.





Renovatie En Bouw





Rheinhyp Finance N.v.





Renske Van Kooij Consultancy B.v.

















West Virginia » Beaver » Offices Of Holding Companies, Nec » James C Justice Co Inc 








Business Directory
Over 65 Million Businesses Worldwide




























 








 






















By claiming this business listing, you will be able to edit and make changes to it.
Claim this listing now?

No, thank you.
Yes

















