
























Jasper Ridge Partners L.P. Has $860,000 Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Monsanto Company
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Monsanto Company with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

21,608 Shares in Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (NYSE:ATW) Acquired by Virtu Financial LLC
Jasper Ridge Partners L.P. Has $860,000 Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)
Kansas City Life Insurance (NASDAQ:KCLI) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.12
Manhattan Bridge Capital (NASDAQ:LOAN) Getting Somewhat Critical Media Coverage, Report Finds
Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL) Position Increased by Victory Capital Management Inc.
Partnerre (PRE) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of -0.21
Invivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp (NVIV) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.22
Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of -0.36
Revolution Lighting Technologies (RVLT) & Houston Wire & Cable (HWCC) Critical Contrast
Head to Head Survey: Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao (CBD) vs. DAVIDsTEA (DTEA)
Comparing Trecora Resources (TREC) & VALE (VALE)
Host Hotels & Resorts, Inc. (HST) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.43 Billion
John Wood Group PLC (LON:WG) Receives “Underperform” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC
Sophos Group PLC (LON:SOPH) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley
Unilever plc (LON:ULVR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital
Ted Baker plc (LON:TED) Given “Outperform” Rating at Royal Bank Of Canada
Qumu Corporation (NASDAQ:QUMU) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research
Pantheon Resources (NASDAQ:PTHRF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research
Atria Investments LLC Raises Position in Signature Bank (NASDAQ:SBNY)
Confluence Investment Management LLC Reduces Position in Fortuna Silver Mines Inc. (NYSE:FSM)


 


Jasper Ridge Partners L.P. Has $860,000 Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

Jasper Ridge Partners L.P. continued to hold its position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 7,600 shares of the basic materials company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Jasper Ridge Partners L.P.’s holdings in Monsanto were worth $860,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. 
Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ally Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 12.5% in the fourth quarter. Ally Financial Inc. now owns 45,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,734,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 264.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 2,865,800 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $301,511,000 after buying an additional 2,080,400 shares during the last quarter. Employees Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. Employees Retirement System of Texas now owns 103,000 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $10,837,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the last quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Monsanto by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 4,725 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $497,000 after buying an additional 44 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Smith Shellnut Wilson LLC ADV acquired a new stake in shares of Monsanto during the fourth quarter worth $1,818,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.96% of the company’s stock. 




Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON) traded down 0.08% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $117.29. 477,219 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $51.53 billion, a PE ratio of 25.33 and a beta of 1.08. Monsanto Company has a 1-year low of $97.35 and a 1-year high of $118.97. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $117.61 and a 200 day moving average of $114.05. 


 Get Monsanto Company alerts:



Monsanto (NYSE:MON) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, June 28th. The basic materials company reported $1.93 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.74 by $0.19. The company had revenue of $4.23 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.18 billion. Monsanto had a return on equity of 45.26% and a net margin of 14.11%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $2.17 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Monsanto Company will post $4.89 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 28th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be paid a $0.54 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 5th. This represents a $2.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.84%. Monsanto’s dividend payout ratio is currently 46.75%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Jasper Ridge Partners L.P. Has $860,000 Position in Monsanto Company (NYSE:MON)” was originally published by BNB Daily and is the property of of BNB Daily. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/jasper-ridge-partners-l-p-has-860000-stake-in-monsanto-company-mon-updated.html. 
MON has been the subject of a number of research reports. Royal Bank Of Canada restated a “sector perform” rating and set a $128.00 target price (up from $120.00) on shares of Monsanto in a report on Thursday, June 29th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Monsanto from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $132.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, June 16th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered shares of Monsanto from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $128.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Vetr raised shares of Monsanto from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $122.35 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, July 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $125.00 price objective (up previously from $122.00) on shares of Monsanto in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $123.15.
In other Monsanto news, EVP Robert T. Fraley sold 52,410 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $117.95, for a total value of $6,181,759.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, EVP Steven Mizell sold 11,300 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, July 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $118.57, for a total value of $1,339,841.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 55,011 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,522,654.27. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 85,816 shares of company stock worth $10,117,174. Insiders own 0.79% of the company’s stock. 
Monsanto Company Profile
Monsanto Company (Monsanto), along with its subsidiaries, is a provider of agricultural products for farmers. The Company provides seeds, biotechnology trait products, herbicides and digital agriculture tools to farmers. The Company operates through two segments: Seeds and Genomics, and Agricultural Productivity. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Monsanto Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monsanto Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 
































	JASPER RIDGE Trademark of JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P.. Serial Number: 85820083 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
JASPER RIDGE










 
Get FREE email alerts













JASPER RIDGE  Trademark Information
 JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P.
Financial advisory and consultancy services, namely, wealth management services; financial analysis and consultation; investment of funds for others; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial services, namely, investment advice and investment consultation




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   advisory   consultancy   services         wealth   management   services   financial   analysis   consultation   investment   funds   financial   planning   financial   portfolio   management   financial   services         investment   advice   investment    
                                    




This is a brand page for the JASPER RIDGE trademark by JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P. 
                                in MENLO PARK, CA, 94025.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this JASPER RIDGE trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P. of the JASPER RIDGE trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the JASPER RIDGE trademark.
                           






On Thursday, January 10, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        JASPER RIDGE by 
                        JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P., MENLO PARK, CA  94025.
                        The USPTO has given the JASPER RIDGE 
                        trademark serial  number of  85820083.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for JASPER RIDGE is 
                        
                        
                                            JANET L. CULLUM of 
                                            COOLEY LLP,  1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW STE 700, WASHINGTON, DC 20001 
                                .
                            The JASPER RIDGE trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for JASPER RIDGE 
                            is Financial advisory and consultancy services, namely, wealth management services; financial analysis and consultation; investment of funds for others; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial services, namely, investment advice and investment consultation. 
                            





Word mark:
 JASPER RIDGE


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

1/14/2014



  Serial Number:  
85820083


  Filing Date:  
1/10/2013


 Registration Number:  
4467722 


 Registration Date:  
1/14/2014


 Goods and Services: 
Financial advisory and consultancy services, namely, wealth management services; financial analysis and consultation; investment of funds for others; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial services, namely, investment advice and investment consultation


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
6/11/2013


Last Applicant/Owner:

JASPER RIDGE PARTNERS, L.P.MENLO PARK, CA  94025
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


JANET L. CULLUM
COOLEY LLP
1299 PENNSYLVANIA AVE NW STE 700
WASHINGTON, DC 20001






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your JASPER RIDGE trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

1/14/2014
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JANET L. CULLUM


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of JASPER RIDGE trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search jasperridge on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for JASPER RIDGE 




JASPER RIDGE is providing Financial advisory and consultancy services, namely, wealth management services; financial analysis and consultation; investment of funds for others; financial planning; financial portfolio management; financial services, namely, investment advice and investment consultation.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 



Firm Overview - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









FirmOverview
Jasper Ridge Partners provides discretionary investmentmanagement services and customized solutions toprominent families, foundations and global institutions.

We manage more than $16.1 billion in assets, with expertise across all major asset classes, including public equity, fixed income, hedge funds, private equity, venture capital, real estate and natural resources.


 

 













Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:58 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to pooled investment vehicles, families, foundations, and institutional clients. It manages separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm invests in public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets of the United States. It employs a fundamental, technical, and, cyclical analysis to create its portfolio. The firm was previously known as "Oak Hill Investment Management, L.P. Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. was founded in 1995 and is based in Menlo Park, California with additional offices in Roseville, California and Fort Worth, Texas.


2885 Sand Hill RoadSuite 100Menlo Park, CA 94025United States



Phone: 650 494 4800

www.jasperridge.com







Key Executives for Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.




Dr. Mark Alan Wolfson Ph.D.


      	Founder and Managing Partner
      


Age: 65
        







Mr. James Newton Alexander


      	Founder and Managing Partner
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Jack A. Muhlbeier CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Ms. Cori Kimberley Duncan


      	Managing Partner and Chief Operating Officer
      








Mr. Rajesh Swaminathan J.D.


      	Partner and General Counsel
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. Key Developments

Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. Presents at Global AgInvesting 2017 Conference, Apr-18-2017
Apr 15 17
Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. Presents at Global AgInvesting 2017 Conference, Apr-18-2017 . Venue: Grand Hyatt, 109 E. 42nd Street, New York City, NY 10017, United States.


Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. Presents at VIP Americas 2017, Jan-27-2017 10:00 AM
Jan 23 17
Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. Presents at VIP Americas 2017, Jan-27-2017 10:00 AM. Venue: Park Hyatt Aviara Resort, Carlsbad, California, United States. Speakers: Owen G. DeHoff, Principal.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P., please visit www.jasperridge.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Contact - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









ContactUs
General and Investor inquiries: investor_relations@jasperridge.comManager inquiries: managers@jasperridge.comPress inquiries: Lisa Cohen, (310) 395-2544 and lisa@lisacohen.org
Offices


Menlo Park
(SF/Silicon Valley Office)2885 Sand Hill Road, Suite 100Menlo Park, CA 94025Phone: (650) 494-4800Map & Directions


Roseville
(Sacramento Area Office)3721 Douglas Blvd., Suite 340Roseville, CA 95661Phone: (916) 789-0600Map & Directions


Fort Worth
201 Main Street, Suite 1000Fort Worth, TX 76102Phone: (817) 333-0016Fax: (817) 333-0032Map & Directions



Menlo Park Map & Directions
Click here for a detailed map of this location

Directions from San Francisco
Take Highway 101 south to I-380 West Follow I-380 West to I-280 South (San Jose). Drive 24 miles. Exit at Sand Hill Road (East) and cross over the freeway. Turn right at the second stoplight (no street name) into the Rosewood Hotel Complex. Make an immediate right turn (the Rosewood Hotel will be on your left hand side). Look for signs for 2885. You can park near buildings 2855 or 2865 and follow the water-lined walking paths (as shown on the map) to arrive at our entrance. Our front door faces the large center fountain in the courtyard.
Directions from San Francisco Airport
Exiting SFO, follow signs for I-380 West / I-280 South Take I-280 South (San Jose). Drive approximately 24 miles. Exit at Sand Hill Road (East) and cross over the freeway. Turn right at the second stoplight (no street name) into the Rosewood Hotel Complex. Make an immediate right turn (the Rosewood Hotel will be on your left hand side). Look for signs for 2885. You can park near buildings 2855 or 2865 and follow the water-lined walking paths (as shown on the map) to arrive at our entrance. Our front door faces the large center fountain in the courtyard.
Directions from Highway 101 South
Take Highway 101 North. Take University Avenue exit and head west. University becomes Palm Drive when you cross El Camino. Turn right onto Arboretum Road and left onto Sand Hill Road. Follow Sand Hill Road through seven stoplights. Turn left at the stoplight (no street name) into the Rosewood Hotel Complex. There is a left turn lane. Make an immediate right turn (the Rosewood Hotel will be on your left hand side). Look for signs for 2885. You can park near buildings 2855 or 2865 and follow the water-lined walking paths (as shown on the map) to arrive at our entrance. Our front door faces the large center fountain in the courtyard.
Directions from San Jose Airport
Take Highway 101 North to Oregon Expressway. Follow Oregon Expressway (which turns into Page Mill Road to I-280 North). Exit I-280 at Sand Hill Road and turn right. Turn right at the first stoplight (no street name) into the Rosewood Hotel Complex. Make an immediate right turn (the Rosewood Hotel will be on your left hand side). Look for signs for 2885. You can park near buildings 2855 or 2865 and follow the water-lined walking paths (as shown on the map) to arrive at our entrance. Our front door faces the large center fountain in the courtyard.
Directions to the San Francisco Airport
Turn left onto Sand Hill Road, stay in the right hand lane, enter I-280 North. Stay on I-280 North toward San Francisco. Take 380 Exit - follow the signs to San Francisco Airport.
Roseville Map & Directions

From the Sacramento International Airport (Approximate travel time 35 minutes)
Take I-5 South (Sacramento). Drive 6 miles.Merge onto I-80 East (Reno). Drive 17 miles.Exit at Douglas Blvd. (East). Drive 2 miles.600 yards after passing Roseville Parkway, get into the 2nd left-turn lane, and turn into the parking lot of 3721 Douglas Blvd., by the black granite waterfalls.We are located on the 3rd floor, in Suite 340.
From the San Francisco International Airport (Approximate travel time 2 hours)
Take US-101 North (San Francisco). Drive 11 miles.Take I-80 East (Bay Bridge/Oakland/Seventh St/US-101 North). Drive 103 miles.Exit at Douglas Blvd. (East). Drive 2 miles.600 yards after passing Roseville Parkway, get into the 2nd left-turn lane, and turn into the parking lot of 3721 Douglas Blvd., by the black granite waterfalls.We are located on the 3rd floor, in Suite 340.
From CalPERS/CalSTRS (Approximate travel time 25 minutes)
From I-80 East, exit at Douglas Blvd. (East). Drive 2 miles.600 yards after passing Roseville Parkway, get into the 2nd left-turn lane, and turn into the parking lot of 3721 Douglas Blvd., by the black granite waterfalls.We are located on the 3rd floor, in Suite 340.
Fort Worth Map & Directions

From Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport (Approximate travel time 30 minutes)
Take the International Parkway (TX 97) South. Drive 4.6 miles.Merge onto TX 183 West (Ft. Worth). Drive 10.4 miles.Merge onto I-820 South. Drive 1 mile.Take slight Left onto TX 121 South. Drive 7 miles.Take the exit on the left onto I-35W South/US 287 South/US-377 South (Waco). Drive 0.6 miles.Take the exit onto the TX 280 Spur (Downtown). Drive 0.8 miles.Turn right onto Main Street, we are 0.2 miles down on the Right in the Wells Fargo Tower.We are located on the 10th floor, Suite 1000.


 
 











 



Our Team - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









OurTeam
The breadth and depth of our experience
positions us well to serve our clients’ interests.
Jasper Ridge Partners has a team of 26 investment professionals with extensive experience and expertise in portfolio construction, risk management, manager selection and capital markets. A majority have principal investing experience. In addition, we draw upon the expertise of four distinguished Senior Advisors. Our in-house team of 48 professionals provide dedicated client service, accounting, legal, tax, reporting, operations and transaction execution services.


Senior Investment Professionals
Investment Professionals
Legal, Finance & Marketing Team
Senior Advisors

Senior Investment ProfessionalsJames N. AlexanderFounder & Managing PartnerMark A. WolfsonFounder & Managing PartnerLinda M. AssanteManaging PartnerDavid S. BizerManaging PartnerCori K. DuncanManaging Partner & Chief Operating OfficerRichard J. HayesManaging PartnerGeorge D. PhippsManaging PartnerJeremy M. WolfeManaging PartnerOwen G. DeHoffPartnerCayman SeacrestPartner
Investment ProfessionalsJenny P. ChenPrincipalBrian DanielewiczPrincipalVeena IsaacPrincipalPamela B. PavkovPrincipalEric RamsayPrincipalJames A. ScarbroughPrincipalNikhilesh TandonPrincipalAdam B. DomatVice PresidentTanner LundVice PresidentRyan P. QuinnVice PresidentJasmine GaoAssociateJeremy KlepnerAssociateJared MollenbeckAssociateJoseph J. SassAssociateBurke SimsAssociateMaria TheophanousAssociate
Legal, Finance & Marketing TeamRajesh SwaminathanPartner & General CounselJack A. MuhlbeierPartner & Chief Financial OfficerAdán D. AraujoChief Compliance OfficerJohn H. FantPartner & Senior Strategic CounselGlenn AckermanDirector of TaxRaymond DurhamControllerShannon KlineClient ServicePatrick J. A. McGlincheyAssistant General CounselJulie PorterSenior DirectorErin McDaniel RoachSenior CounselJohn WalkerAssistant General CounselHowie PearsonSpecial Counsel
Senior AdvisorsLaurie HoaglandSenior AdvisorProf. Paul PfleidererSenior AdvisorProf. A. Michael SpenceSenior AdvisorDr. Teh Kok PengSenior Advisor
 

 











 



Customized Solutions for Prominent Families, Foundations and Global Institutions - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









CUSTOMIZEDSOLUTIONS
For Prominent Families, Foundations and Global Institutions

 
 











 



Investment Services - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









InvestmentServices
We customize our approach to the specific needs and objectives of each separate account client.


Family Clients
Jasper Ridge Partners works selectively with prominent families who wish to preserve and enhance their wealth. We also apply our expertise to help families pursue a broader set of life goals, including estate and tax planning and philanthropic objectives.


Institutional Clients
Jasper Ridge Partners works collaboratively with large global institutional investors seeking to enhance their returns and complement their in-house expertise. We promote knowledge sharing and partnership through the investment and due diligence process. Importantly, we place a premium on meaningful alignment of interests and acting as trusted, long-term partners.



We offer pooled, private vehicles for families andinstitutions wishing to gain access to similarinvestments and strategies as those providedto our separate account clients.

 

 











 



Our Team - Jasper Ridge Partners













Investor Login
Search









OurTeam
The breadth and depth of our experience
positions us well to serve our clients’ interests.
Jasper Ridge Partners has a team of 26 investment professionals with extensive experience and expertise in portfolio construction, risk management, manager selection and capital markets. A majority have principal investing experience. In addition, we draw upon the expertise of four distinguished Senior Advisors. Our in-house team of 48 professionals provide dedicated client service, accounting, legal, tax, reporting, operations and transaction execution services.


Senior Investment Professionals
Investment Professionals
Legal, Finance & Marketing Team
Senior Advisors

Senior Investment ProfessionalsJames N. AlexanderFounder & Managing PartnerMark A. WolfsonFounder & Managing PartnerLinda M. AssanteManaging PartnerDavid S. BizerManaging PartnerCori K. DuncanManaging Partner & Chief Operating OfficerRichard J. HayesManaging PartnerGeorge D. PhippsManaging PartnerJeremy M. WolfeManaging PartnerOwen G. DeHoffPartnerCayman SeacrestPartner
Investment ProfessionalsJenny P. ChenPrincipalBrian DanielewiczPrincipalVeena IsaacPrincipalPamela B. PavkovPrincipalEric RamsayPrincipalJames A. ScarbroughPrincipalNikhilesh TandonPrincipalAdam B. DomatVice PresidentTanner LundVice PresidentRyan P. QuinnVice PresidentJasmine GaoAssociateJeremy KlepnerAssociateJared MollenbeckAssociateJoseph J. SassAssociateBurke SimsAssociateMaria TheophanousAssociate
Legal, Finance & Marketing TeamRajesh SwaminathanPartner & General CounselJack A. MuhlbeierPartner & Chief Financial OfficerAdán D. AraujoChief Compliance OfficerJohn H. FantPartner & Senior Strategic CounselGlenn AckermanDirector of TaxRaymond DurhamControllerShannon KlineClient ServicePatrick J. A. McGlincheyAssistant General CounselJulie PorterSenior DirectorErin McDaniel RoachSenior CounselJohn WalkerAssistant General CounselHowie PearsonSpecial Counsel
Senior AdvisorsLaurie HoaglandSenior AdvisorProf. Paul PfleidererSenior AdvisorProf. A. Michael SpenceSenior AdvisorDr. Teh Kok PengSenior Advisor
 

 













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Public Records Official


























Jasper Records
Find Jasper Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              Jasper Records           	
Jasper Records, Iowa, Jasper Records is a comprehensive search database that has answers to all of your public domain search related queries. From birth certificates to death records, you'll be provided with all the information you look for. Jasper Records, California is a great place to spend time at, but knowing the person with whom you're going to do so is the key. To ensure you always get the requested information within minutes, Jasper Records public records search is one avenue you can count on big time. 
Making some background checks do become inevitable at certain occasions, and Jasper Records public records search is fully cognizant of this fact. This is for this reason that we provide you with all the updated information that can help you make informed decisions. If you don't want to mess it around with vague and outdated information, then Jasper Records public records search is search outlet you wouldn't want to miss out on. There isn't any dearth of information at our database, and if you know the name of the person you're going to search about, then you'll be good to go. 
If you'd like to get it started, then try your free Jasper Records public records search now!







Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 






















 











    Jasper Ridge Partners



















Contact Us





Website Terms of Use
Last Updated: October 1, 2015
AGREEMENT TO TERMS OF USE
Please read the following terms and conditions ("Terms of Use") before using this website (the "Website") offered by Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and its affiliates (collectively, the "Firm"). Your access to and use of the Website is subject to these Terms of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. The Terms of Use constitute a legal agreement between you and the Firm. You should read this agreement carefully. By checking the box to note your review and acceptance of these Terms of Use (which is required upon initial access and may be required periodically thereafter), you confirm your understanding of, and agreement to be bound by, all of the terms of these Terms of Use, including without limitation the eligibility criteria set forth below. If you do not understand, or if you do not agree to be bound by, any term of this agreement, you should not indicate your acceptance of these Terms of Use by checking the box (or any other means of acceptance presented on the Website), in which case you will not be able to use this Website. Thereafter, by continuing to access and use the Website, you accept these without qualification these Terms of Use (as may be amended from time to time).
ELIGIBILITY
The Website is available only to, and may only be used by, individuals who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the Website is not available to persons under age 18. Furthermore, the information within the Website is issued by the Firm to sophisticated investors, each of which is both an “Accredited Investor” as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and a “Qualified Purchaser” as defined under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The information within this site is unsuitable for any other party, who should exit the Website immediately. If you are unsure as to whether or not you qualify, please contact the Firm. By accessing and using this Website, each user represents and warrants to the Firm that such user meets each of the criteria specified above, including meeting the criteria required for Accredited Investors and Qualified Purchasers.
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE LIMITATION
The Website is for your personal and non-commercial use. The Firm grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable and limited personal license to access and use the Website, conditioned on your continued compliance with these Terms of Use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, products or services obtained from the Website, except as permitted by these Terms of Use. You may not link other websites to the Website without the Firm's prior written permission. You may print one hard copy of the information and download one temporary copy of the information into one single computer's memory solely for your own personal, non-commercial use and not for distribution, provided that all relevant copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices are kept intact. All information on the non-public (i.e., password-restricted) areas of the Website is confidential and private and you may not disclose or distribute such information to any other person for any purpose and is made available solely for your personal use in connection with your investment activities.
The Firm or its service provider will provide clients or potential clients with credentials to access an account specific to such party ("User Account"). The User Account credentials, including password, will be required to access your User Account. The Firm has physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard clients' non-public personal information. You are responsible for safeguarding your password and other User Account information. You may not allow others to use your user name or password to access or use any part of the Website. If your password has been compromised for any reason, you should contact the Firm immediately for a new password. If you provide your password to any third party, you will be solely responsible for any actions taken by such third party using your password.
You are prohibited from using the Website to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation. You also are prohibited from using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Website for any purpose without the prior written permission of the Firm. You may not take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure, interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website or any activities conducted on the Website, or bypass any measures that we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Website. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
NO SECURITIES OFFERING
The information on the Website is intended to facilitate secure communication between the Firm and its clients and to enable clients to understand the nature of the Firm's financial advisory services. It is not intended as and does not constitute investment advice or legal or tax advice or an offer to sell any securities to any person or a solicitation of any person of any offer to purchase any securities, except as may be specifically stated to the contrary by the Firm. The information in the Website should not be construed as the Firm's endorsement, recommendation or sponsorship of any company or security. Third party valuations and data provided by the Firm through the Website for reporting purposes have not been independently verified by the Firm, and the Firm is not responsible for incorrect data or valuations it receives from such third parties. You should evaluate the information made available through the Website, and you should seek the advice of professionals, as appropriate, to evaluate any opinion, advice, product, service or other information.
Certain Information on the Website mat relate to one or more pooled investment funds managed by the Firm (the “Funds”). You confirm your understanding that such information is a summary only of the terms, regulatory and tax positions, and/or other information applicable to each Fund, and is qualified in its entirety by the relevant Fund’s offering documents and partnership agreement or other governing agreement. A subscription to invest in any Fund should only be made having fully read such documents. There are significant risks associated with investment in the Funds outlined in the Website. Investments will be subject to strict limitations on transferability and withdrawal. There will be no secondary or public market for such investments. Investment is intended for sophisticated investors who qualify as both “Accredited Investors” (as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and “Qualified Purchasers” (as defined under Section 2(a)(51) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended) and who can accept the risks associated with such an investment including a substantial or complete loss of their investment and who have no need for immediate liquidity in their investment. No offer will be made to any potential purchaser until such status is confirmed.
The Firm's services are designed to integrate with the services provided by its clients' other financial, legal and tax advisers, not to replace their services. The Firm advises its clients from time to time on non-investment related matters, but clients must rely on their other professional advisers for final approval and/or implementation of non-investment matters.
ADVICE MAY DIFFER
You understand and agree that we act as an investment adviser for numerous clients and will continue to do so. We and our personnel may make recommendations and take action for various clients that may differ from the recommendations we give to you or the action we take on your behalf. In addition, our personnel may take actions for their own accounts based on their own investment situations that differ from the recommendations we give you or actions we take on your behalf.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
Certain of the Content displayed on the Website may contain “forward-looking statements”, which can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as “may”, “will”, “should”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “project”, “estimate”, “intend”, or “believe” or the negatives thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology. You confirm your understanding that, due to various risks and uncertainties, including as a result of changes in facts, assumptions not being realized or other risks, uncertainties and factors, actual events and results may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in the Content.
POTENTIAL CLIENTS / INVESTORS
You acknowledge that any of your requests for information are unsolicited and any information shall neither constitute nor be construed as investment advice from the Firm to you or to form an investment advisory relationship, or any other client relationship between you and the Firm or any of its affiliates or employees. The Firm strongly recommends that you seek outside advice from a qualified securities professional. The Firm does not guarantee the suitability or potential value of any particular investment or information source. The Firm may now or in the future, whether on its own behalf or on behalf of one or more of its clients, invest in or otherwise hold an interest in various investments that may be discussed on the Website.
PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT COMPARABLE
Past performance does not indicate future returns. The performance results that may be presented on this Website may not have been compiled, reviewed or audited by an independent accountant. Results for the current year are based on the internal books and records of each fund and are subject to adjustment when that fund's financial statements for the current year are audited.
Market indices and benchmarks may be included within various reports, proposals, and other materials presented on or delivered through the Website for comparative purposes, but only as examples of general market performance. Unlike these indices and benchmarks, results for individual investments and portfolios displayed on the website may contain options (including covered and uncovered puts and calls) and other derivative securities, futures and other commodity interests and currencies, and may include short sales of securities, margin trading, securities of smaller capitalization companies and types of securities that are different than those reflected in these indices and benchmarks, and is not as diversified as these indices and benchmarks. Due to the differences between the composition of a client’s portfolio and these indices and benchmarks, the Firm cautions investors and potential clients that no such index or other benchmark is directly comparable to any investment managed by the Firm. Reports, proposals, and other materials presented on or delivered through the Website may contain additional notes, cautions and disclaimers applicable to such materials.
TRUTHFUL INFORMATION
As a condition to your use of the Website, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Firm that, all of the information that you provide shall be truthful, accurate and complete.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS, INCLUDING THE INHERENT POSSIBILITY OF HUMAN AND MECHANICAL ERROR, THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS AND CORRECT SEQUENCING OF SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES AND THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THEIR USE ARE NOT GUARANTEED BY THE FIRM OR ANY PERSONS CREATING OR TRANSMITTING SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES.
THE FIRM AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE CONTENT AND OPERATION OF THE SITE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE. THE SITE MAY BE TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE FROM TIME TO TIME DUE TO REQUIRED MAINTENANCE, TELECOMMUNICATIONS INTERRUPTIONS OR OTHER REASONS.
THE FIRM AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE FIRM AND/OR ITS RESPECTIVE SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER DAMAGE OR LOSS THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT FROM THE SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FIRM AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE FIRM OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THE FIRM AND ANY PERSON CREATING OR TRANSMITTING THE INFORMATION ON THE SITE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INFECTION BY VIRUSES OF OR DAMAGE TO ANY COMPUTER THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF, ACCESS TO OR DOWNLOADING OF SUCH INFORMATION. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED AT THE SITE OR WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF AND ACCESS TO THE SITE.
OWNERSHIP OF CONTENT
The Website and all of its content, including but not limited to all text, graphics, charts, audio, logos, images, data compilations, icons, code and software ("Content"), are the property of the Firm or its licensors and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws, with all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. All trademarks, service marks, trade names and other product and service names and logos displayed on the Website are proprietary to the Firm, including all registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks of the Firm. If the Website includes any trademarks, service marks, trade names or logos of any third parties, such items are the proprietary marks and names of their respective owners, and are protected by applicable trademark and intellectual property laws. Your use of any Content, whether owned by the Firm or any third party, without the Firm's express written permission, is strictly prohibited except as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms of Use. Without limiting the foregoing, you are prohibited from using any of the Firm's copyrighted material or trademarks for any purpose, including, but not limited to, use as metatags, links or otherwise on any website, without the prior written permission of the Firm.
PRIVACY
The Firm values its clients and respects their privacy. Therefore, we do not sell or rent to third parties information you provide us via the Website. As described herein, we do collect certain information in an effort to improve our clients’ use of this Website. The Firm recognizes that it must maintain and use client information responsibly.
Like most websites, the Website may use technologies such as cookies, web log files, or related technologies to track trends and site usage (including without limitation user page views, which documents and pages are accessed, your IP address, access URL, browser type, and time stamps of user actions), improve the quality of our service, and customize your experience on the Website. Please note that if you decline to allow cookies in your browser, some or all of our features or services may not function properly. Any information collected through the Website may also be used to identify User Accounts that are using the Website for activity that is deemed in conflict with our Terms of Use.
In addition, as part of your registering for the Website, you may be asked to provide personal information.  As used herein, the term “personal information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, telephone number, e-mail address, mailing address, date of birth), or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information. Our use of clients’ personal information is governed by the Firm’s Privacy Policy, which is distributed to clients annually and is available upon request. As further described in the Privacy Policy, we will only share personal information with third parties to carry out your instructions or to provide services to you, or as necessary to enforce any agreement between the Firm and a Website user, including without limitation our Website Terms of Use, any Investment Management Agreement, Fund limited partnership agreement or other governing document, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Firm and its clients. For example, we may transmit personal information to one or more third parties providing services to the Firm or to one or more clients. Such parties are bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of your information.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition to your use of the Website, you represent and warrant to, and agree with, the Firm that you will not use the Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use.
REFERENCES TO PUBLICATIONS AND OTHER COMPANIES
References to any publication, data provider, or any other company in the Website are for reference and informational purposes only and are not intended to suggest that any of such companies endorse, recommend or approve of the services, analysis or recommendations of the Firm or that the Firm endorses, recommends or approves the services or products of such companies.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than the Firm, which the Firm may not have screened or reviewed and which may contain inaccurate material, products or services. Although the related Content has been obtained from, or is based on, sources believed by the Firm to be reliable, the Firm does not control such websites, and the Firm assumes no responsibility or liability regarding the accuracy, reliability, legality or decency of such third-party websites, content, products or services. Such hyperlinks are provided for your convenience only. The Firm's inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.
MODIFICATION AND MONITORING OF WEBSITE
The Firm may, at its discretion, change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. We will generally provide notice to you, through this Website, of material changes to these Terms of Use.  In addition, we suggest that you check these Terms of Use periodically for changes. These Terms of Use can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each page. If you use the Website after we post changes to these Terms of Use, your continued use will constitute acceptance of the changed Terms of Use. The Firm expressly reserves the right to monitor any and all use of the Website for compliance with these Terms of Use.
TERMINATION AND CANCELLATION
The Firm may modify or terminate the Website and terminate your access to the Website, without notice at any time and for any reason. Further, if we believe, in our sole discretion, that a violation of these Terms of Use has occurred, we may take any other corrective action we deem appropriate. We reserve the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms of Use. We may seek to gather information from a user who is suspected of violating these Terms of Use (or from any other user) and you agree to provide us with such information. Any suspension, termination, or cancellation shall not affect your obligations to the Firm under these Terms of Use (including but not limited to ownership, indemnification, and limitation of liability), which by their sense and context are intended to survive such suspension, termination, or cancellation.
INDEMNITY
You agree, at your own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Firm, its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, and their officers, partners, managers, members, employees, agents, distributors and licensees, from and against any judgments, losses, deficiencies, damages, liabilities, costs, claims, demands, suits, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) incurred in, arising out of or in any way related to your breach of these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, your use of the Website or any product or service related thereto, or any of your other acts or omissions.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES AND APPLICABLE LAW
Unless otherwise specified, the Firm controls and operates the Website from its offices within the State of Texas, United States of America.
The Firm does not claim that materials in the Website are appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States of America. If you choose to access the Website from other locations, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws.
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its choice of law provisions. You hereby consent to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction and venue of courts in the City of Fort Worth, Texas which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any and all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, the use of the Website or any product or service related thereto. Use of the Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph.
GENERAL
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment or agency relationship exists between you and the Firm as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Website. The Firm may assign this Agreement or any rights hereunder without your consent.
The Firm's performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing in these Terms of Use is in derogation of the Firm's right to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Website or information provided to or gathered by the Firm with respect to such use.
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
By reviewing or using the information on the Website after accessing the Website, you represent and warrant that (a) you have the authority to enter into these Terms of Use and create a binding contractual obligation (whether for yourself an entity on whose behalf you access the Website), (b) you understand and intend these Terms of Use to be the legal equivalent of a signed, written contract equally binding, and (c) you will use the information on the Website in a manner consistent with applicable laws and regulations in accordance with these Terms of Use, as the Firm may amend them online or otherwise from time to time. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based on or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and the Firm with respect to the Website and they supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between you and the Firm with respect to the Website.
You agree to be bound by any agreement or consent you transmit to or through the Website via any media or electronic device, including internet, telephone and wireless devices.












Public Records Official


























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 
































BrightScope | Advisor Pages - Find a Financial Advisor or Advisory Firm 































































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans









































































General Search










Advisors
Advisory Firms
Financial Q&A
401k Plans
Funds


Search










Home  >  BrightScope Advisor Pages  >  Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    




Advisor Search
Firm Search
Advisors by City


    
        Find a Financial Advisory Firm
    





Search




Firm Name







Active firms only





City



State


Alabama
Alaska
American Samoa
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Guam
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Northern Marinara Islands
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming



Firm Service Areas



Financial Planning



Estate Planning



Comprehensive Financial Planning



Retirement Planning



College Planning



Charitable Planning



Other Financial Planning



Tax Planning





Insurance



Life Insurance



Health Insurance



Long-Term Care Insurance



Annuities



Property & Casualty Insurance



Business Insurance



Other Insurance





Pension Consulting



401k



403b



457



Defined Benefit



Other Pension Consulting





Portfolio Management



Individuals and/or Small Businesses



Investment Companies



Businesses or Institutional Clients



Other Portfolio Management





Accounting & Tax



Tax Advice



Other Tax





Legal



Legal Planning



Legal Advice



Other Legal





Other



Publication of Periodicals or Newsletters



Security Ratings or Pricing Services



Market Timing Services



Selection of Other Advisors



Educational seminars/workshops







See All Service Areas

	                Find
	            





Filters

/financial-planning/find/firm/



Compensation Arrangements



No Preference



Fixed Fees (14,450)



Hourly Charges (12,502)



Performance-Based Fees (6,657)



None (3,396)



Fee Only (75)






Assets Under Mgmt.



No Preference



0 - 100K (22,026)



1M - 10M (4,729)



10M - 100M (9,354)



100M - 500M (5,820)



1B - 10B (2,642)






Avg Account Balance



No Preference



0 - 100K (24,601)



100K - 500K (11,251)



500K - 1M (3,090)



1M - 10M (3,577)



10M - 100M (2,704)






Financial Advisory Firm Search Results


48,033 results










Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated
Ny, NY



34,605 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $639.6B











Wells Fargo Advisors, LLC
St. Louis, MO



26,648 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $409.7B











J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
Manhattan, NY



25,629 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $81.6B











Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
Harrison, NY



24,260 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $598.5B











LPL Financial LLC
Boston, MA



18,591 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $117.2B











Edward D. Jones & Co., L.P.
Des Peres, MO



18,681 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $204.2B











Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc.
Minneapolis, MN



14,082 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.0B











UBS Financial Services Inc.
Weehawken, NJ



12,618 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $391.7B











Northwestern Mutual Investment Services,LLC
Milwaukee, WI



9,126 Advisors











Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
South Beach, CA



7,895 Advisors











Mml Investors Services, LLC
Pine Point, MA



7,845 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $25.6B











Goldman, Sachs & Co.
Ny, NY



7,642 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $198.8B











Strategic Advisers, Inc.
Boston, MA



6,967 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $254.0B











Citigroup Global Markets Inc.
New York, NY



6,930 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $20.2B











Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
St. Petersburg, FL



6,389 Advisors
 | 
AUM : $125.0B









1
2
3
4
5



















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Public Records Official


























CRIMINAL RECORDS  
Find Criminal Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              CRIMINAL RECORDS             	
Criminal Records is a search database that you've been looking for. If you're to make informed decisions, then it becomes extremely important for you to rely on quality search database. If you're to background checks, then we're a name you can rely on. If you aren't sure of how to get started with Criminal Records, then rest assured, it isn't much of a hassle anyway. So, what does it actually take to search Criminal Records? Nothing much. All you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. 
Just enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information including criminal records and arrest records. If this something you don't want to miss out on, then all you need is to know the name of the person to search Criminal Records. If this sounds interesting enough, then make sure to search Criminal Records. You'll be provided with all the comprehensive, detailed and timely search results that can count on in terms of ascertaining one's public background. As long as you know the name, you can search Criminal Records with complete peace of mind. 
When you search Criminal Records, you're provided with all the required Criminal Records information within minutes. This means you no longer have to wait for hours to receive the required Criminal Records information. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from.
Try your Criminal Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 







































Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. - Financial Services Firm, Fort Worth, TX - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.





Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. is a RIA based in Fort Worth, TX with $13B in AUM and with 6 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Fort Worth, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
68


Total Assets
$13,317,681,425



Website







Location
        



201 Main St


Fort Worth,
TX
76102


817-333-0027









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares Core S&P 500 ETF

$243,633,000


iShares MSCI EAFE ETF

$142,172,000


Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund

$60,533,000


iShares Russell 1000 Value ETF

$19,345,000


iShares MSCI South Korea Capped ETF

$16,759,000


Vanguard Tax-Managed International Fund

$10,304,000


SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust

$8,603,000


iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF

$8,181,000


Vanguard 500 Index Fund

$7,608,000


iShares Russell 1000 Growth ETF

$6,937,000


iShares Russell 2000 ETF

$6,272,000


iShares Russell 2000 Value ETF

$5,652,000


iShares MSCI EAFE Growth ETF

$3,988,000


iShares MSCI Japan ETF

$2,663,000


Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund

$2,549,000


iShares Russell 2000 Growth ETF

$454,000


iShares MSCI ACWI ETF

$395,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$13.3B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






3K

          
Accounts
          


$4.9M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        






Financial Planning









Other


-Selection of Other Advisors










Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
6





name

start date









Richard Joseph Hayes

December 2009 







Mark Alan Wolfson

December 2009 







James Newton Alexander

December 2009 







David Scott Bizer

January 2012 







Cori Kimberley Duncan

March 2013 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Jasper Ridge Diversified (Tax Exempt) Mpg, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Diversified Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Diversified Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities (Offshore) Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities (Offshore) Mgp Ii, Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Genpar Ii, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Mgp Ii, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Strategic Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Strategic Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





James Newton Alexander

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
10% to 25%
      


Mark Alan Wolfson

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
10% to 25%
      


George Dyer Phipps

Chief Operating Officer
      
April, 2008
      
5% to 10%
      


Richard Joseph Hayes

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
5% to 10%
      


John Howard Fant

Chief Legal Officer
      
July, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Cayman Seacrest

Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Owen Glenn Dehoff

Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Jeremy Michael Wolfe

Managing Partner
      
January, 2016
      
less than 5%
      


Cori Kimberley Duncan

Managing Partner
      
January, 2013
      
less than 5%
      


Linda Mary Assante

Managing Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Adan Doroteo Araujo

Chief Compliance Officer
      
January, 2011
      
less than 5%
      


Jack Muhlbeier

Chief Financial Officer
      
September, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


David Scott Bizer

Managing Partner
      
February, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees

Performance-Based Fees

Reimbursement For Certain Costs And Expenses


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. - Financial Services Firm, Fort Worth, TX - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.





Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 Jasper Ridge Partners, L.P. is a RIA based in Fort Worth, TX with $13B in AUM and with 6 advisors nationwide.











Information


Type
RIA


HEAD QUARTERS
   Fort Worth, TX 




# OF EMPLOYEES
68


Total Assets
$13,317,681,425



Website







Location
        



201 Main St


Fort Worth,
TX
76102


817-333-0027









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




Name

Assets





iShares Core S&P 500 ETF

$243,633,000


iShares MSCI EAFE ETF

$142,172,000


Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund

$60,533,000


iShares Russell 1000 Value ETF

$19,345,000


iShares MSCI South Korea Capped ETF

$16,759,000


Vanguard Tax-Managed International Fund

$10,304,000


SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust

$8,603,000


iShares MSCI Emerging Markets ETF

$8,181,000


Vanguard 500 Index Fund

$7,608,000


iShares Russell 1000 Growth ETF

$6,937,000


iShares Russell 2000 ETF

$6,272,000


iShares Russell 2000 Value ETF

$5,652,000


iShares MSCI EAFE Growth ETF

$3,988,000


iShares MSCI Japan ETF

$2,663,000


Vanguard Total Bond Market Index Fund

$2,549,000


iShares Russell 2000 Growth ETF

$454,000


iShares MSCI ACWI ETF

$395,000



















Assets







Assets
Last updated on Aug. 20, 2016





$13.3B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






3K

          
Accounts
          


$4.9M

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        






Financial Planning









Other


-Selection of Other Advisors










Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
6





name

start date









Richard Joseph Hayes

December 2009 







Mark Alan Wolfson

December 2009 







James Newton Alexander

December 2009 







David Scott Bizer

January 2012 







Cori Kimberley Duncan

March 2013 











View All Advisors



















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Jasper Ridge Diversified (Tax Exempt) Mpg, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Diversified Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Diversified Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities (Offshore) Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities (Offshore) Mgp Ii, Ltd.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Genpar Ii, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Mgp Ii, LLC
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Private Opportunities Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Strategic Genpar, L.P.
              
--
              
--
              


Jasper Ridge Strategic Mgp, L.L.C.
              
--
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





James Newton Alexander

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
10% to 25%
      


Mark Alan Wolfson

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
10% to 25%
      


George Dyer Phipps

Chief Operating Officer
      
April, 2008
      
5% to 10%
      


Richard Joseph Hayes

Managing Partner
      
July, 2005
      
5% to 10%
      


John Howard Fant

Chief Legal Officer
      
July, 2005
      
less than 5%
      


Cayman Seacrest

Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Owen Glenn Dehoff

Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Jeremy Michael Wolfe

Managing Partner
      
January, 2016
      
less than 5%
      


Cori Kimberley Duncan

Managing Partner
      
January, 2013
      
less than 5%
      


Linda Mary Assante

Managing Partner
      
January, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Adan Doroteo Araujo

Chief Compliance Officer
      
January, 2011
      
less than 5%
      


Jack Muhlbeier

Chief Financial Officer
      
September, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


David Scott Bizer

Managing Partner
      
February, 2011
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Fixed Fees

Performance-Based Fees

Reimbursement For Certain Costs And Expenses


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations

































