










 







JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- Jcp Investment Partners, Lp  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1177 West Loop South Suite 1650 
    Houston, TX, 77027Phone: 713.333.5540 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-18


Amended


$9,282,833


$3,291,592


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link




	2015-12-22


New


$5,991,241


$5,991,241


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A Jcp Investment Partners, Lp 
 Promoter 


 James C. Pappas 
 Executive, Promoter 












JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP
List of persons related to the company JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP.

CIK Number: 0001661071IRS Number: 800959387Company address: 1177 WEST LOOP SOUTH SUITE 1650 HOUSTON 77027Phone number: 713.333.5540



People related to JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryC. Pappas  James1177 West Loop South Suite 1650HoustonTXN/A  JCP Investment Partners, LP1177 West Loop South Suite 1650HoustonTX




JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP on the Web
Related companiesJCP Drawdown Partnership III, LP, JCP Drawdown Partnership, LP, JCP Investment Partnership, LP












 









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















 JCP - Stock quote for JC Penney Co Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














JC Penney Co Inc
NYSE: JCP



US Markets Closed










AdChoices








5.56


▲


+0.04
+0.72%



After Hours : 
5.52
-0.04
-0.72%



 July 28, 2017 6:43 PM EDT. Delayed 15 minutes; Source: NASDAQ. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
5.50


Previous Close
5.52


Volume (Avg) 
15.62M (18.00M)


Day's Range
5.46-5.58


52Wk Range
4.17-11.30


Market Cap.
1.72B


Dividend Rate (Yield)
0.80 (-%)


Beta
0.48


Shares Outstanding
310.00M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News






 
Will Apple's other iPhone suppliers follow Foxconn to U.S.?


                            The Street
                        





 
Can Apple Show Amazon What Earnings Should Look Like?


                            The Street
                        





 
Thanks to Amazon, the most hated stocks on Wall Street right now are retail


                            CNBC
                        





 
The Stock Market Rally Is Being Ripped Apart -- Watch 'Five Before the Bell'


                            The Street
                        





 
How AT&T Managed to Post Record Profit Margins Amid Intense Wireless Competition


                            The Street
                        





 
Retailers cheer the death of the border adjustment tax


                            CNBC
                        







 
Why Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Stock Is Immune to the Amazon Threat


                            InvestorPlace
                        






3 of the Best Classic Value Stocks You Should Buy Now


                            InvestorPlace
                        






3 Classic Value Stocks to Buy Now


                            Zacks Equity Research
                        





 
When Will Google and Microsoft Finally Break Out Cloud Sales, as Amazon Does?


                            The Street
                        





 
Why J.C. Penney Company, Inc. Stock Is Down 37% This Year


                            The Motley Fool
                        





 
Ford's Mustang Is America's Most Popular Classic Car


                            The Street
                        







 
3 Products Facebook Is Counting on Now to Continue Its Blistering Ad Growth


                            The Street
                        





 
AMD Soars on Stellar Q2 Results and Upbeat Guidance: What Wall Street's Saying


                            The Street
                        





 
Starboard's Smith Seeks to Compel ComScore to Hold Annual Meeting


                            The Street
                        





 
The 6 Most Shorted NYSE Stocks


                            24/7 Wall St.
                        





 
Retail sector puts on its rally cap


                            Seeking Alpha
                        





 
Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds


                            The Street
                        







 
J. C. Penney Deploys Apple Pay for Rich Customer Experience


                            Zacks Equity Research
                        





 
This Is How Much Money J.C. Penney's New CFO Will Make


                            The Street
                        





 
JCPenney fills CFO position left vacant earlier this month


                            CNBC
                        





 
J.C. Penney names Darden ex Davis as new CFO


                            Seeking Alpha
                        





 
As Amazon and Wal-Mart consolidate, small retailers are being left in the dust


                            CNBC
                        





 
J.C. Penney Now Accepting Apple Pay Nationwide


                            The Street
                        









 
Should You Buy Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons


                            InvestorPlace
                        























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,830.31


+33.76
+0.15%













Last updated time
7/28/2017 4:38 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,374.68




-7.51
-0.12%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▼

7,368.37




-74.64
-1.00%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,954.69




-8.54
-0.07%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 
























 



 JCP Investment Management Delivers Open Letter to Casella’s Board of Directors and Releases 
         










    











 






 











 









JCP Investment Management Delivers Open Letter to Casella's Board of Directors and Releases Detailed Investor Presentation

		  Highlights Serious Concerns with the Company's History of Underperformance and Poor Corporate GovernanceBelieves New, Highly-Qualified and Independent Directors Should be Added to Casella's BoardStresses Importance of Direct Shareholder Representation
		

Sep 10, 2015, 10:46 ET
		  		  					
						 from   JCP Investment Management, LLC 











 
















































 

 






















































 























 























 























 

 

 
 
 
 







Table 1    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Chart 1    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Chart 2    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest


Table 2    
									
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Table 1
 























 




 




Chart 1
 























 




 




Chart 2
 























 




 




Table 2
 


 








































 




 






 


 


HOUSTON, Sept. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC (together with its affiliates, "JCP"), and the other participants named herein, collectively own approximately 5.7% of the issued and outstanding Class A shares of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. ("Casella" or, the "Company") (NASDAQ:   CWST).  Today, JCP sent an open letter to Casella's Board of Directors (the "Board") and filed a detailed investor presentation with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with its campaign to elect two highly-qualified directors, Brett W. Frazier and James C. Pappas, to the Board at the 2015 Annual Meeting. 
In the presentation, JCP outlines in detail its views regarding why immediate change is necessary at Casella, including the Company's history of poor operating and stock price underperformance versus peers and the overall market under the direction of the current management team and Board.  
The Investor Presentation is available on the SEC's website and at the following link: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/911177/000141588915003029/ex992prec14a08569015_091015.pdf. 
The full text of the letter follows:
September 10, 2015
Dear Members of the Board:
JCP Investment Management, LLC ("JCP") currently owns 2,286,670 Class A shares or 5.72% of the issued and outstanding Class A common stock of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. ("Casella" or, the "Company"), making us one of the Company's largest public shareholders.  We are long-term shareholders and have been investing in Casella since 2010.1 
JCP is an investment firm focused on investing across the capital structure primarily in North America.  We have a track record of significant value enhancement at companies in which we have become involved, and at which we have gained representation on the Board. 
For the last 5 months, we have attempted to communicate constructively with the Board of Directors of Casella (the "Board") regarding the Company's poor operational and financial performance, archaic corporate governance, and capital structure that undermine the rights of public shareholders while giving disproportionate voting power to Chairman and CEO, John Casella, and his brother Vice Chairman, Doug Casella. 
Our hope was that we could have worked constructively with the Board to add Class A shareholder representation in the boardroom and improve the Board with the experience and perspective that will lead to decisions that tackle the fundamental problems, while protecting the rights of public shareholders and enhancing the value of the public shareholders' investments.
Unfortunately, our attempts to date have been flatly rejected by the Board, which never even made a counterproposal for an amicable resolution.  Instead, the Board's apparent strategy has been to implement tangential changes, which were clearly reactive to our involvement but short of addressing the core problems. 
Casella has underperformed for over a decade under the leadership of John Casella, a veteran of 18 years, as Chairman and CEO.  It is astonishing that a public company CEO who has overseen the Company's stock plummet from $18 a share at its IPO in 1997 to $6.60 today could keep his post after 18 years of underperformance.  It is clear to us that the only plausible explanation is that from his position as a Chairman and, together with his brother, a holder of all the supervoting Class B stock that entitles him and his brother to more than 22% of the combined voting power, John Casella has ensured his position with the Company and jeopardized the Board's primary responsibility of holding management accountable, which has lead to over a decade of underperformance.  Chairman and CEO Casella's rule over the Company has been at the expense of the public shareholders who have suffered and continue to suffer significant losses during his tenure.  
Despite their Class B shares supervoting rights, since Casella's has diluted the Class A shares from approximately 10.5 million shares to nearly 40 million shares – the Class A shares NOW have a chance to make a change difference.  The 10:1 voting power of the Class B shares is not enough to insulate the management team from poor performance
Casella has a strong position in the Northeast market.  By replacing Chairman and CEO John Casella with a proven leader, we believe Casella can create meaningful value for its shareholders.
In the following pages, we describe in greater detail:

A troubling history of underperformance and mismanagement under Chairman and CEO John Casella, making immediate Board and CEO change necessary; 
Our concerns around related party transactions and a capital structure that entrenches  Chairman and CEO John  Casella while undermining the rights of the public shareholders; and 
Why JCP's track record of significant value creation is highly relevant to helping Casella overcome its current challenges.
1. A Troubling History of Underperformance and Mismanagement Under Chairman and CEO John Casella
Under the leadership of Chairman and CEO John Casella, Casella has produced a negative return for shareholders over 10 years and since the IPO.  Simply stated, we have lost all faith in Chairman and CEO John Casella's ability to lead this large, increasingly complex company.
Shareholder Returns Have Suffered Dramatically Under Chairman and CEO John Casella
Casella's stock has produced negative 48% returns over 10 years and dramatically underperformed the Company's peers and the S&P 500 index over the last 5- and 10- Years periods.
Capital Allocation Has Been Atrocious Under Chairman and CEO John Casella
Profitability has not followed with incremental cash outlays.  It is surprising to us that the Board has complacently allowed Chairman and CEO John Casella to spend more than $770 million over the last 10 years in capital expenditures with no resulting increase of earnings power.
Excessive Leverage and Class A Stock Dilution Have Been Rampant Under Chairman and CEO John Casella
Chairman and CEO John Casella's use of excessive leverage over the last several years has not produced incremental earning power.  Along with continuously increasing leverage, Chairman and CEO John Casella also continues to take actions that dilute public shareholders year after year.   
Broken Promises and Consistently Missed Guidance Under Chairman and CEO John Casella
We are struck by the dramatic magnitude by which Chairman and CEO John Casella has consistently missed his own announced long-term targets.  The following table shows that Chairman and CEO John Casella has been putting out the same targets since 1999.
As shown in the previous chart, Chairman and CEO John Casella has clearly struggled to hit long-term targets.  We are concerned with the newest "guidance" that the Company has issued.  In 1999, the Company issued its first guidance of Revenue, EBITDA and EPS.  Since then, Chairman and CEO John Casella has chronically missed projections and has yet to meet any of his targets.  Companies that chronically miss targets and fail to produce growth, while their peers do both, typically change management.  Yet, this Board has failed to hold management accountable for its mistakes and shows no sign it plans to do so.
Immediate Board and CEO Change are Necessary in Order to Halt the Value Destruction
We believe that the Company's earnings potential is not being achieved due to poor leadership.  Casella possesses recurring cash flows, talented employees and strong assets with the ability to grow.  We firmly believe that in order to improve Casella's performance, the Board must be reconstituted to include direct representatives of the public shareholders who have the commitment and discipline to hold management accountable. 
2.  Our Concerns Around Related Party Transactions and a Capital Structure that Entrenches Chairman and CEO John Casella while Undermining the rights of the Public Shareholders 
During the past 10 years, the Company has paid more than $80 million to Casella Construction, Inc. ("Casella Construction"), a company of which John Casella is both a director and executive officer and his brother Doug Casella is President.  We see a clear conflict with the Casella brothers controlling the entities on both ends of these expensive transactions for Casella shareholders.  We wonder how the best interests of the public interests are adequately protected when the Casella brothers siphon this large amount to their affiliated entity?  For context, the +$80 million paid to Casella Construction over the course of a decade represents a third of the current market cap of the Company.  Those exorbitant amounts on both absolute and relative basis have continued to be paid to Casella Construction, even as the Company's shareholders have suffered significant losses over the same period in which John Casella has run the Company.
Worse, for many years, the Company led by Chairman and CEO John Casella paid Vice Chairman Doug Casella a salary of more than $100,000, and in some years $200,000, from a subsidiary of the Company.  The Casella-led Board also authorized a loan from the Company to the former COO of the Company in the amount of nearly $1 million.  That loan was made at the prime rate, while the Company was borrowing more expensively at significantly higher rates.  It is concerning both that Chairman and CEO John Casella would allow the Company to borrow at a higher rate than he is lending and without a maturity and that the rest of the Board would complacently go along with these self-serving activities.  This persistent pattern of costly related party transactions raises serious questions as to whether John Casella's actions appropriately place the best interests of public shareholders above his personal interests and those of other insiders.
Chairman and CEO John Casella's grip on the Board and the Company has been aided by the Company's dual class stock structure that creates a gap between the economic investment of shareholders and their voting power.  The Class B shares, which have 10 votes per share, are 100% held by Chairman and CEO John Casella and, his brother and Vice Chairman of the Company, Doug Casella.  The Class B shares entitle the Casella brothers to more than 20% of the voting power of the Class A and Class B combined.  This unbalanced capitalization structure effectively allows insider control with a lesser economic stake in the Company and significantly impairs the rights of public shareholders.  Together the supervoting rights, and the combined Chairman and CEO roles give John Casella undue influence over the Company, ensure his longevity despite chronic failures, and drive deep misalignment between his interests on the one hand and those of the public shareholders on the other.
3.  JCP's Capabilities and Record of Value Creation Are Highly Relevant to Casella's Current Challenges
Casella now finds itself in a predicament – lack of leadership who can create value, a poorly-aligned board and a 10 year track record of value destruction.  Shareholders can no longer afford to watch in silence as the Company languishes due to CEO John Casella's poor performance and the Board's failure to hold the CEO and management accountable.  JCP has the experience and alignment of interest required to fix Casella's problems.
JCP is Seeking Real Change on the Board of Casella with the Addition of Candidates Who Have the Commitment and Discipline to Fight for the Right of Public Shareholders 
JCP has nominated and intends to seek the election of James Pappas and Brett Frazier to the Board at the upcoming Annual Meeting of shareholders of Casella.  Messrs. Pappas and Frazier have the skill sets and commitment to protect shareholder rights and shareholder value.  Our recent communications with the Board have persuaded us that the pervasive and blatant disregard for shareholder input and subservient attitude to John Casella plague the current Board and render it incapable of fixing the core issues facing the Company.  
JCP is Prepared to Identify Potential Replacement CEO Candidates
JCP has replaced sitting Chairman and/or CEOs in the past at The Pantry and Morgan's, respectively, and is prepared to do the same at Casella.  Our diligent and long term work at The Pantry and Morgan's produced a significant amount of value for shareholders.  Both of these situations took significant time and effort.  We are prepared to work just as hard this time. 
*          *          *
The dismal operating performance under Chairman and CEO John Casella's leadership, the deeply concerning related party transactions and the lack of accountability of both the Board and CEO all solidify our view that material change in executive leadership and corporate governance are immediately required at Casella.
Casella has significant value creating opportunities and talented employees.  With the right leadership, alignment of interests, and governance structures in place, we are confident that the Company can deliver substantial value for all stakeholders.  
Sincerely,
James C. Pappas
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING PARTICIPANTS
JCP Investment Partnership, LP, collectively with its affiliates and the other participants named herein (the "Group"), have filed a preliminary proxy statement and accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of director nominees at the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders of Casella Waste Systems, Inc. (the "Company").
JCP INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT STRONGLY ADVISES ALL SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION.  SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV.  IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST.  REQUESTS FOR COPIES SHOULD BE DIRECTED TO THE PARTICIPANTS' PROXY SOLICITOR.
The participants in the proxy solicitation are JCP Investment Partnership, LP ("JCP Partnership"), JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP ("JCP Single-Asset"), JCP Investment Partners, LP ("JCP Partners"), JCP Investment Holdings, LLC ("JCP Holdings"), JCP Investment Management, LLC ("JCP Management"), James C. Pappas and Brett W. Frazier.  
As of the date hereof, JCP Partnership beneficially owns 1,571,819 shares of the Company's Class A common stock. $0.01 par value per share ("Common Stock"), including 12,500 shares of Common Stock underlying certain call options exercisable within sixty (60) days hereof.  As of the date hereof, JCP Single-Asset beneficially owns 714,851 shares of the Common Stock, including 12,500 shares of Common Stock underlying certain call options exercisable within sixty (60) days hereof.  As the general partner of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, JCP Partners may be deemed to beneficially own the 2,286,670 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  As the general manager of JCP Partners, JCP Holdings may be deemed to beneficially own the 2,286,670 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  As the investment manager of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, JCP Management may be deemed to beneficially own the 2,286,670 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  As the sole member of JCP Holdings and the managing member of JCP Management, Mr. Pappas may be deemed to beneficially own the 2,286,670 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.
As of the date hereof, Mr. Frazier beneficially owns 40,000 shares of Common Stock.
About JCP Investment Management:
JCP Investment Management, LLC is an investment firm headquartered in Houston, TX that engages in value-based investing across the capital structure.  JCP follows an opportunistic approach to investing across different equity, credit and distressed securities largely in North America. 
1 Note: the shares owned by JCP include options to purchase 25,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock.  
Investor Contact:
John Glenn Grau 
InvestorCom, Inc. 
(203) 972-9300 ext. 11
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265267
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265268
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265269
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150910/265271
 SOURCE  JCP Investment Management, LLC  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 01, 2015, 08:30 ET
Preview: JCP Investment Management Launches Website Dedicated to Election of Its Two Nominees at Casella's Annual Meeting













May 29, 2015, 08:00 ET
Preview: JCP Investment Management Issues Open Letter to Casella Board






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Jun 01, 2017, 08:30 ET
JCP Comments on Fiesta Restaurant Group's Annual Meeting and...








Jun 01, 2017, 08:30 ET
JCP Urges Fiesta Restaurant Group Stockholders To Vote The Gold...








Jun 01, 2017, 08:30 ET
JCP Comments On Glass Lewis Recommendation Regarding Upcoming...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































JCP Announces Dissident Slate for Election at Fiesta Restaurant Group's Upcoming Annual MeetingHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballJCP Announces Dissident Slate for Election at Fiesta Restaurant Group's Upcoming Annual MeetingPR NewswireJanuary 30, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, Jan. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation (collectively, "JCP" or "we"), collectively one of the largest stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. ("Fiesta" or the "Company") (FRGI), with aggregate ownership of approximately 7.1% of the Company's outstanding shares, announced today that it has formally nominated three independent, highly qualified candidates, John B. Morlock, James C. Pappas and Joshua E. Schechter, for election to the Company's board of directors (the "Board") at the Company's upcoming 2017 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting").Over the past several months, JCP has attempted to reach an amicable resolution with the Company regarding the composition of the Board and certain corporate governance matters; however, the incumbent Board and management team have refused to engage meaningfully with us, leaving us little choice but to nominate a competing slate of director candidates at the Annual Meeting who we believe will create value for all stockholders.JCP is concerned by the massive decline in value that Fiesta stockholders have suffered over the past several years. A prime example of stockholder value destruction is the Board's misguided decision to allocate more than $70 million for Pollo Tropical's failed expansion into Texas. We further believe that Taco Cabana has significant value and growth potential, which the incumbent Board and management team has apparently failed to recognize or, at a minimum, to capitalize upon. Following the departure of former CEO Timothy Taft in September 2016, stockholders have been left with a company without a permanent CEO that is being run by a Board with minimal share ownership and scant restaurant operating experience. Adding to uncertainty for stockholders is the persistent rumor of a strategic review process.Prior to any significant action, such as the hiring of a permanent CEO or pursuing a sale of the Company, JCP strongly believes that the Board must be reconstituted with direct stockholder representatives and experienced restaurant operators. JCP's director candidates collectively bring not only significant operating experience in the restaurant industry, but a strong track record of creating stockholder value.JCP's nominees, who have the highest commitment to transparency and good corporate governance practices, are:John B. Morlock – Chief Operating Officer of Sbarro LLC ("Sbarro"), a quick service Italian pizzeria chain. Prior to joining Sbarro, Mr. Morlock served as the Chief Operations Officer of Potbelly Corporation, a publicly traded sandwich chain, from November 2002 to June 2015, and as its Senior Vice President – Operations Growth from June 2015 until April 2016. From 2001 to 2002, Mr. Morlock served as the Chief Executive Officer of Spin Cycle, Inc., where he led a successful turnaround of a chain of coin laundries. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Morlock served as the President of Clubhouse International, Inc., an owner and operator of country club themed restaurants. Prior to that, Mr. Morlock served as the Senior Vice President of Operations of Boston Chicken, Inc. (n/k/a Boston Market Corporation), a fast casual restaurant, from 1992 to 1994, then as a Midwest Franchisee with over 100 stores of Boston Market and Einstein Bros. Bagels until 1997, and finally as Vice President of Operations – West Coast from 1997 to 1998. Mr. Morlock's professional experience also includes leadership positions with Blockbuster Entertainment, Inc.; Grady's Goodtimes, a casual dining restaurant chain; and S&A Restaurant Corp. (Steak and Ale), a former chain for casual dining restaurants.James C. Pappas – Managing Member of JCP Investment Management, LLC, an investment firm. Mr. Pappas has also served as a director of each of Jamba, Inc., a leading health and wellness brand and the leading retailer of freshly squeezed juice, since January 2015; Tandy Leather Factory, Inc., a retailer and wholesale distributor of a broad line of leather and related products, since June 2016; and U.S. Geothermal Inc., a leading geothermal energy company, since September 2016. Previously, Mr. Pappas served on the board of directors of The Pantry, Inc., a leading independently operated convenience store chain in the southeastern United States and one of the largest independently operated convenience store chains in the country, from March 2014 until the completion of its sale in March 2015. He also previously served as Chairman of the board of directors of Morgan's Foods, Inc., a then publicly traded company, from January 2013 until May 2014, when the company was acquired by Apex Restaurant Management, Inc., after originally joining its board as a director in February 2012.  Previously, Mr. Pappas was with the Investment Banking / Leveraged Finance Division of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. where he advised private equity groups and corporations on appropriate leveraged buyout, recapitalization and refinancing alternatives, and prior to that with Banc of America Securities, where he focused on Consumer and Retail Investment Banking, providing advice on a wide range of transactions including mergers and acquisitions, financings, restructurings and buy-side engagements.Read MoreJoshua E. Schechter – private investor. Mr. Schechter has also served as a director of each of Viad Corp, an S&P SmallCap 600 international experiential services company, since April 2015, and Support.com, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based software and services, since June 2016. He previously served as a director of Aderans Co., Ltd. ("Aderans"), a multi-national company engaged in hair-related business, and as the Executive Chairman of Aderans America Holdings, Inc., Aderans' holding company in the United States, from August 2008 to May 2015. From 2001 to June 2013, Mr. Schechter served as Managing Director of Steel Partners Ltd., a privately owned hedge fund sponsor, and from 2008 to June 2013, Mr. Schechter served as co-President of Steel Partners Japan Asset Management, LP, a private company offering investment services. Mr. Schechter previously served on the board of directors of The Pantry, Inc., a leading independently operated convenience store chain in the southeastern United States and one of the largest independently operated convenience store chains in the country, from March 2014 until the completion of its sale in March 2015; WHX Corporation (n/k/a Handy & Harman Ltd.), a diversified manufacturer of engineered niche industrial products with leading market positions in many of the markets it serves, from 2005 until 2008; and Puroflow, Inc. (n/k/a Argan, Inc.), a provider of a full range of power industry and telecommunications infrastructure services, from 2001 until 2003.CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTSJCP Investment Management, LLC, together with the other participants named herein (collectively, "JCP"), intends to file a preliminary proxy statement and an accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of three highly qualified director nominees at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").JCP STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST.The participants in the solicitation are JCP Investment Partnership, LP ("JCP Partnership"), JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP ("JCP Single-Asset"), JCP Investment Partners, LP ("JCP Partners"), JCP Investment Holdings, LLC ("JCP Holdings"), JCP Investment Management, LLC ("JCP Management"), James C. Pappas, BLR Partners LP ("BLR Partners"), BLRPart, LP ("BLRPart GP"), BLRGP Inc. ("BLRGP"), Fondren Management, LP ("Fondren Management"), FMLP Inc. ("FMLP"), Bradley L. Radoff, Bandera Master Fund L.P. ("Bandera Master Fund"), Bandera Partners LLC ("Bandera Partners"), Gregory Bylinsky, Jefferson Gramm, Lake Trail Managed Investments LLC ("Lake Trail Fund"), Lake Trail Capital LP ("Lake Trail Capital"), Lake Trail Capital GP LLC ("Lake Trail GP"), Thomas W. Purcell, Jr., Joshua E. Schechter and John B. Morlock.As of the date hereof, JCP Partnership beneficially owned 426,657 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Common Stock").  As of the date hereof, JCP Single-Asset beneficially owned 190,740 shares of Common Stock. JCP Partners, as the general partner of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Holdings, as the general partner of JCP Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Management, as the investment manager of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  Mr. Pappas, as the managing member of JCP Management and sole member of JCP Holdings, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset. As of the date hereof, BLR Partners beneficially owned 600,000 shares of Common Stock.  BLRPart GP, as the general partner of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  BLRGP, as the general partner of BLRPart GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  Fondren Management, as the investment manager of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  FMLP, as the general partner of Fondren Management, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. Mr. Radoff, as the sole shareholder and sole director of each of BLRGP and FMLP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. As of the date hereof, Bandera Master Fund beneficially owned 73,940 shares of Common Stock. Bandera Partners, as the investment manager of Bandera Master Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 73,940 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. Each of Messrs. Bylinsky and Gramm, as the Managing Partners, Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers of Bandera Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 73,940 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. As of the date hereof, Lake Trail Fund beneficially owned 600,000 shares of Common Stock. Lake Trail Capital, as the Manager and Investment Manager of Lake Trail Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Lake Trail GP, as the general partner of Lake Trail Capital, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Mr. Purcell, as the sole member of Lake Trail GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. As of the date hereof, Mr. Schechter beneficially owned 17,900 shares of Common Stock, including 1,700 shares of Common Stock directly owned by his spouse. As of the date hereof, Mr. Morlock did not beneficially own any Common Stock.Investor Contact:James C. Pappas JCP Investment Management, LLC (713) 333-5540To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jcp-announces-dissident-slate-for-election-at-fiesta-restaurant-groups-upcoming-annual-meeting-300398501.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredAPNewsBreak: Yellowstone park cracks down on sex harassmentAssociated PressMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts 'entire' US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 55.3k








JCP Issues Open Letter to Chairman of Fiesta Restaurant GroupHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballJCP Issues Open Letter to Chairman of Fiesta Restaurant GroupPR NewswireApril 12, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareHOUSTON, April 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation (collectively, "JCP" or "we"), collectively one of the largest stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. ("Fiesta" or the "Company") (FRGI), with aggregate ownership of approximately 8.7% of the Company's outstanding shares, today issued a letter to the Chairman of Fiesta's Board of Directors. The full text of the letter follows:April 12, 2017Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. 14800 Landmark Boulevard, Suite 500 Dallas, Texas 75254 Attn:    Stacey Rauch, Chairman of the BoardDear Stacey,As you know, we own approximately 8.7% of the outstanding shares of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. ("Fiesta" or the "Company"), making us the Company's third largest stockholder. Dating back to August of last year, we have sought to work constructively with Fiesta's Board of Directors (the "Board") and management team in an effort to drive stockholder value and improve the Company's corporate governance. Following the Company's apparent unwillingness to entertain serious discussions regarding Board refreshment, we nominated a slate of three highly qualified individuals for election to the Board at the upcoming annual meeting that we believe would greatly enhance the Board.Despite our nomination, we continued to seek an amicable resolution with the Board in an effort to avoid an expensive and time consuming proxy contest. Unfortunately, we do not believe that the Board's recent offer adequately addresses the shortcomings of the composition of the Board or protects the best interests of the Company's stockholders.The driving factor behind our belief is the makeup of the current seven-member Board. Six of the seven incumbent directors have overseen a 60%+ decline in Fiesta's share price from its 2015 peak, and under their leadership, the Company's total shareholder returns have been negative over the past one, two and three-year periods. These same directors authorized the expenditure of more than $70 million on the failed expansion of Pollo Tropical into Texas and oversaw a corporate structure with bloated SG&A expenses, including three corporate centers. In addition, the recent performance of the Company is concerning, with transaction counts down 4.5% and 7.3%, respectively, at Taco Cabana and Pollo Tropical in the fourth quarter of 2016.  Furthermore, the Board consists largely of directors with little to no industry operating experience nor any personal investment in Fiesta stock. In fact, Paul E. Twohig, who was just appointed as a director effective February 28, 2017, is the only director who has made an open market purchase of Fiesta shares.1 In addition, we note that three of the seven directors are affiliated with Jefferies, including directors Barry J. Alperin and Brian P. Friedman, who are up for election at the upcoming annual meeting. It should be noted that Jefferies sold its entire position in 2013 after previously owning approximately 28.3% of the Company at the time of its spin-off in 2012.While we welcome the appointment of Mr. Twohig to the Board, who we believe is independent and brings considerable industry expertise, we do not think his addition alone is sufficient to offset the lack of industry experience and apparent misalignment of interests between the incumbent directors and Fiesta's stockholders.As such, we find the Board's recent offer contemplating the addition of one of our candidates now and a separate individual to be identified by the Board at a later date to be unacceptable given the lack of assurance that the person selected would be mutually agreeable to both parties. In addition, we are unwilling to commit ourselves to a multi-year standstill period given the current classified Board structure because we believe this would effectively serve to further entrench the incumbent directors who have overseen significant destruction of stockholder value.  We strongly believe that any potential agreement must involve the immediate addition of two highly qualified director candidates, who together will bring significant operating experience and an owner's perspective into the boardroom. We believe adding such individuals to the Board would remedy the Board's apparent lack of restaurant expertise and avoid a seemingly unnecessary election contest, which we believe could only benefit the entrenched directors who we do not believe belong on the Board. Therefore, to simplify the choice for stockholders at the upcoming annual meeting, we intend to withdraw our nomination of Joshua E. Schechter and seek the election of our remaining candidates James C. Pappas and John B. Morlock, both of whom have significant experience in the restaurant industry, in opposition to Messrs. Alperin and Friedman.Read MoreWhile we remain open to a collaborative process regarding Board composition, we are fully prepared to see this through to a vote at the upcoming annual meeting, if necessary, to ensure that stockholders have the opportunity to vote for the most highly qualified candidates to represent their interests.We look forward to your prompt response.Sincerely,James C. PappasCERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTSJCP Investment Management, LLC, together with the other participants named herein (collectively, "JCP"), intends to file a preliminary proxy statement and an accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of three highly qualified director nominees at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").JCP STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST.The participants in the solicitation are JCP Investment Partnership, LP ("JCP Partnership"), JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP ("JCP Single-Asset"), JCP Investment Partners, LP ("JCP Partners"), JCP Investment Holdings, LLC ("JCP Holdings"), JCP Investment Management, LLC ("JCP Management"), James C. Pappas, BLR Partners LP ("BLR Partners"), BLRPart, LP ("BLRPart GP"), BLRGP Inc. ("BLRGP"), Fondren Management, LP ("Fondren Management"), FMLP Inc. ("FMLP"), Bradley L. Radoff, Bandera Master Fund L.P. ("Bandera Master Fund"), Bandera Partners LLC ("Bandera Partners"), Gregory Bylinsky, Jefferson Gramm, Lake Trail Managed Investments LLC ("Lake Trail Fund"), Lake Trail Capital LP ("Lake Trail Capital"), Lake Trail Capital GP LLC ("Lake Trail GP"), Thomas W. Purcell, Jr., Joshua E. Schechter, John B. Morlock and Alan Vituli.As of the date hereof, JCP Partnership beneficially owned 470,762 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Common Stock").  As of the date hereof, JCP Single-Asset beneficially owned 234,846 shares of Common Stock. JCP Partners, as the general partner of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 705,608 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Holdings, as the general partner of JCP Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 705,608 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Management, as the investment manager of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 705,608 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  Mr. Pappas, as the managing member of JCP Management and sole member of JCP Holdings, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 705,608 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset. As of the date hereof, BLR Partners beneficially owned 615,000 shares of Common Stock.  BLRPart GP, as the general partner of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 615,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  BLRGP, as the general partner of BLRPart GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 615,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  Fondren Management, as the investment manager of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 615,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  FMLP, as the general partner of Fondren Management, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 615,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. Mr. Radoff, as the sole shareholder and sole director of each of BLRGP and FMLP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 615,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. As of the date hereof, Bandera Master Fund beneficially owned 397,239 shares of Common Stock. Bandera Partners, as the investment manager of Bandera Master Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 397,239 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. Each of Messrs. Bylinsky and Gramm, as the Managing Partners, Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers of Bandera Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 397,239 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. As of the date hereof, Lake Trail Fund beneficially owned 600,000 shares of Common Stock. Lake Trail Capital, as the Manager and Investment Manager of Lake Trail Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Lake Trail GP, as the general partner of Lake Trail Capital, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Mr. Purcell, as the sole member of Lake Trail GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. As of the date hereof, Mr. Schechter beneficially owned 19,400 shares of Common Stock, including 1,700 shares of Common Stock directly owned by his spouse. As of the date hereof, Messrs. Morlock and Vituli did not beneficially own any Common Stock.Investor Contact:James C. Pappas JCP Investment Management, LLC (713) 333-55401 Does not include recent purchases made by Leucadia National Corporation, a multi-billion dollar holding company of which director Brian P. Friedman serves as President and a director. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jcp-issues-open-letter-to-chairman-of-fiesta-restaurant-group-300438445.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextLoan move looms as Bayern plan to keep SanchesOmnisportThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredMartin Shkreli's lawyer says former drug company chairman tried to 'seduce' the 'pharma bro'CNBCAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredWells Fargo faces angry questions after new sales abuses uncoveredReutersThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beNorth Korea says 2nd ICBM test puts 'entire' US in rangeJohn: Doesn't that little fat kid know that if he actually fires a missile at something other than water, his country will just be annihilated?Join the Conversation1 / 55.3k
















































JCP Announces Dissident Slate for Election at Fiesta Restaurant Group's Upcoming Annual Meeting - The Business Journals



































Menu









Select a City



National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita

















Limited Time Offer
Subscribe Now







 Search


× Close











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 




Your Account


Welcome
Your Account 










Sign In
Existing Users




Create Your FREE Account
Don't have an account?




 






Your Account




Subscriptions




Newsletters


 

Custom Notifications




My Custom Site




Manage Site Users


 

Sign Out











Sign In


Sign In
Your Account 











 Search








 Home




Industries & Topics 




All Industries & Topics



Banking & Financial Services




Career & Workplace




Commercial Real Estate




Education




Energy




Food & Lifestyle




Government & Regulations




Health Care




Manufacturing




Media & Marketing




Philanthropy & Nonprofits




Professional Services




Residential Real Estate




Retailing




Sports Business




Technology




Transportation




Travel & Tourism




Sponsored Content



CRE Now




We Value Your Business




Office Environments




Small Business Marketing




Know Your Neighborhood










News 





News



Latest News




Business Pulse




Press Releases






 


Lists & Awards 





Lists



All Lists




Build Your Own Lists






 


People & Companies 





Companies



Top Private Companies




Find Businesses for Sale




Search for Company News





People



People on the Move




Contact Top Executives




Executive Profiles




Search for People in the News






 


Events 





Events



Business Event Calendar




Nominations






 


More… 






Jobs
Find or post a job




Store
Subscriptions, reprints & more









How To
Grow your business, advance your career




Thought Leadership
Trends, tips and insights from our partners





 


Subscribers 








Manage your Account






 


About & Contact 








About The Business Journals




Advertise




Help & FAQs




Call Center Directory






 


Apps & Syndication 








Newsletters






 


ACBJ Publications 








Bizwomen




Upstart




Hemmings




Sports Business Journal




Inside Lacrosse




BostInno




DCInno




ChicagoInno




AustinInno






 


Select a City 




National


Albany


Albuquerque


Atlanta


Austin


Baltimore


Birmingham


Boston


Buffalo


Charlotte


Chicago


Cincinnati


Columbus


Dallas


Dayton


Denver


Greensboro/Winston-Salem


Honolulu


Houston


Jacksonville


Kansas City


Los Angeles


Louisville


Memphis


Miami/Fort Lauderdale


Milwaukee


Minneapolis/St. Paul


Nashville


New York


Orlando


Philadelphia


Phoenix


Pittsburgh


Portland


Raleigh/Durham


Sacramento


San Antonio


San Francisco


Seattle


Silicon Valley


St. Louis


Tampa Bay


Washington, D.C.


Wichita







Follow us




 Twitter


 LinkedIn


 Facebook


 Google +













 






Press Releases



JCP Announces Dissident Slate for Election at Fiesta Restaurant Group's Upcoming Annual Meeting

Troubled by Destruction of Stockholder Value, Strongly Believes Direct Stockholder Representation Required in the Boardroom Immediately




Jan 30, 2017, 8:00am EST














HOUSTON, Jan. 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with its affiliates and the other participants in its solicitation (collectively, "JCP" or "we"), collectively one of the largest stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. ("Fiesta" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: FRGI), with aggregate ownership of approximately 7.1% of the Company's outstanding shares, announced today that it has formally nominated three independent, highly qualified candidates, John B. Morlock, James C. Pappas and Joshua E. Schechter, for election to the Company's board of directors (the "Board") at the Company's upcoming 2017 annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting").
Over the past several months, JCP has attempted to reach an amicable resolution with the Company regarding the composition of the Board and certain corporate governance matters; however, the incumbent Board and management team have refused to engage meaningfully with us, leaving us little choice but to nominate a competing slate of director candidates at the Annual Meeting who we believe will create value for all stockholders.
JCP is concerned by the massive decline in value that Fiesta stockholders have suffered over the past several years. A prime example of stockholder value destruction is the Board's misguided decision to allocate more than $70 million for Pollo Tropical's failed expansion into Texas. We further believe that Taco Cabana has significant value and growth potential, which the incumbent Board and management team has apparently failed to recognize or, at a minimum, to capitalize upon. Following the departure of former CEO Timothy Taft in September 2016, stockholders have been left with a company without a permanent CEO that is being run by a Board with minimal share ownership and scant restaurant operating experience. Adding to uncertainty for stockholders is the persistent rumor of a strategic review process.
Prior to any significant action, such as the hiring of a permanent CEO or pursuing a sale of the Company, JCP strongly believes that the Board must be reconstituted with direct stockholder representatives and experienced restaurant operators. JCP's director candidates collectively bring not only significant operating experience in the restaurant industry, but a strong track record of creating stockholder value.
JCP's nominees, who have the highest commitment to transparency and good corporate governance practices, are:
John B. Morlock – Chief Operating Officer of Sbarro LLC ("Sbarro"), a quick service Italian pizzeria chain. Prior to joining Sbarro, Mr. Morlock served as the Chief Operations Officer of Potbelly Corporation, a publicly traded sandwich chain, from November 2002 to June 2015, and as its Senior Vice President – Operations Growth from June 2015 until April 2016. From 2001 to 2002, Mr. Morlock served as the Chief Executive Officer of Spin Cycle, Inc., where he led a successful turnaround of a chain of coin laundries. From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Morlock served as the President of Clubhouse International, Inc., an owner and operator of country club themed restaurants. Prior to that, Mr. Morlock served as the Senior Vice President of Operations of Boston Chicken, Inc. (n/k/a Boston Market Corporation), a fast casual restaurant, from 1992 to 1994, then as a Midwest Franchisee with over 100 stores of Boston Market and Einstein Bros. Bagels until 1997, and finally as Vice President of Operations – West Coast from 1997 to 1998. Mr. Morlock's professional experience also includes leadership positions with Blockbuster Entertainment, Inc.; Grady's Goodtimes, a casual dining restaurant chain; and S&A Restaurant Corp. (Steak and Ale), a former chain for casual dining restaurants. 
James C. Pappas – Managing Member of JCP Investment Management, LLC, an investment firm. Mr. Pappas has also served as a director of each of Jamba, Inc., a leading health and wellness brand and the leading retailer of freshly squeezed juice, since January 2015; Tandy Leather Factory, Inc., a retailer and wholesale distributor of a broad line of leather and related products, since June 2016; and U.S. Geothermal Inc., a leading geothermal energy company, since September 2016. Previously, Mr. Pappas served on the board of directors of The Pantry, Inc., a leading independently operated convenience store chain in the southeastern United States and one of the largest independently operated convenience store chains in the country, from March 2014 until the completion of its sale in March 2015. He also previously served as Chairman of the board of directors of Morgan's Foods, Inc., a then publicly traded company, from January 2013 until May 2014, when the company was acquired by Apex Restaurant Management, Inc., after originally joining its board as a director in February 2012.  Previously, Mr. Pappas was with the Investment Banking / Leveraged Finance Division of Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. where he advised private equity groups and corporations on appropriate leveraged buyout, recapitalization and refinancing alternatives, and prior to that with Banc of America Securities, where he focused on Consumer and Retail Investment Banking, providing advice on a wide range of transactions including mergers and acquisitions, financings, restructurings and buy-side engagements.
Joshua E. Schechter – private investor. Mr. Schechter has also served as a director of each of Viad Corp, an S&P SmallCap 600 international experiential services company, since April 2015, and Support.com, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based software and services, since June 2016. He previously served as a director of Aderans Co., Ltd. ("Aderans"), a multi-national company engaged in hair-related business, and as the Executive Chairman of Aderans America Holdings, Inc., Aderans' holding company in the United States, from August 2008 to May 2015. From 2001 to June 2013, Mr. Schechter served as Managing Director of Steel Partners Ltd., a privately owned hedge fund sponsor, and from 2008 to June 2013, Mr. Schechter served as co-President of Steel Partners Japan Asset Management, LP, a private company offering investment services. Mr. Schechter previously served on the board of directors of The Pantry, Inc., a leading independently operated convenience store chain in the southeastern United States and one of the largest independently operated convenience store chains in the country, from March 2014 until the completion of its sale in March 2015; WHX Corporation (n/k/a Handy & Harman Ltd.), a diversified manufacturer of engineered niche industrial products with leading market positions in many of the markets it serves, from 2005 until 2008; and Puroflow, Inc. (n/k/a Argan, Inc.), a provider of a full range of power industry and telecommunications infrastructure services, from 2001 until 2003.
CERTAIN INFORMATION CONCERNING THE PARTICIPANTS
JCP Investment Management, LLC, together with the other participants named herein (collectively, "JCP"), intends to file a preliminary proxy statement and an accompanying proxy card with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") to be used to solicit votes for the election of its slate of three highly qualified director nominees at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company").
JCP STRONGLY ADVISES ALL STOCKHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT AND OTHER PROXY MATERIALS AS THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. SUCH PROXY MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT NO CHARGE ON THE SEC'S WEB SITE AT HTTP://WWW.SEC.GOV. IN ADDITION, THE PARTICIPANTS IN THIS PROXY SOLICITATION WILL PROVIDE COPIES OF THE PROXY STATEMENT WITHOUT CHARGE, WHEN AVAILABLE, UPON REQUEST.
The participants in the solicitation are JCP Investment Partnership, LP ("JCP Partnership"), JCP Single-Asset Partnership, LP ("JCP Single-Asset"), JCP Investment Partners, LP ("JCP Partners"), JCP Investment Holdings, LLC ("JCP Holdings"), JCP Investment Management, LLC ("JCP Management"), James C. Pappas, BLR Partners LP ("BLR Partners"), BLRPart, LP ("BLRPart GP"), BLRGP Inc. ("BLRGP"), Fondren Management, LP ("Fondren Management"), FMLP Inc. ("FMLP"), Bradley L. Radoff, Bandera Master Fund L.P. ("Bandera Master Fund"), Bandera Partners LLC ("Bandera Partners"), Gregory Bylinsky, Jefferson Gramm, Lake Trail Managed Investments LLC ("Lake Trail Fund"), Lake Trail Capital LP ("Lake Trail Capital"), Lake Trail Capital GP LLC ("Lake Trail GP"), Thomas W. Purcell, Jr., Joshua E. Schechter and John B. Morlock.
As of the date hereof, JCP Partnership beneficially owned 426,657 shares of common stock, $0.01 par value per share ("Common Stock").  As of the date hereof, JCP Single-Asset beneficially owned 190,740 shares of Common Stock. JCP Partners, as the general partner of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Holdings, as the general partner of JCP Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  JCP Management, as the investment manager of each of JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset.  Mr. Pappas, as the managing member of JCP Management and sole member of JCP Holdings, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 617,397 shares of Common Stock owned in the aggregate by JCP Partnership and JCP Single-Asset. As of the date hereof, BLR Partners beneficially owned 600,000 shares of Common Stock.  BLRPart GP, as the general partner of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  BLRGP, as the general partner of BLRPart GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  Fondren Management, as the investment manager of BLR Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners.  FMLP, as the general partner of Fondren Management, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. Mr. Radoff, as the sole shareholder and sole director of each of BLRGP and FMLP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares owned by BLR Partners. As of the date hereof, Bandera Master Fund beneficially owned 73,940 shares of Common Stock. Bandera Partners, as the investment manager of Bandera Master Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 73,940 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. Each of Messrs. Bylinsky and Gramm, as the Managing Partners, Managing Directors and Portfolio Managers of Bandera Partners, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 73,940 shares of Common Stock owned by Bandera Master Fund. As of the date hereof, Lake Trail Fund beneficially owned 600,000 shares of Common Stock. Lake Trail Capital, as the Manager and Investment Manager of Lake Trail Fund, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Lake Trail GP, as the general partner of Lake Trail Capital, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. Mr. Purcell, as the sole member of Lake Trail GP, may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 600,000 shares of Common Stock owned by Lake Trail Fund. As of the date hereof, Mr. Schechter beneficially owned 17,900 shares of Common Stock, including 1,700 shares of Common Stock directly owned by his spouse. As of the date hereof, Mr. Morlock did not beneficially own any Common Stock.
Investor Contact:
James C. PappasJCP Investment Management, LLC(713) 333-5540
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jcp-announces-dissident-slate-for-election-at-fiesta-restaurant-groups-upcoming-annual-meeting-300398501.html
SOURCE  JCP Investment Management, LLC




The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. All rights reserved. Reproduction or redistribution of this content without prior written consent from PR Newswire is strictly prohibited.  is not responsible for this content. Learn more about this service.








 





 





About PR Newswire







                                            The information on this page is provided by PR Newswire. The Business Journals is not responsible for this content.
                                        



Learn More







 









 
 


 


  


