





 
Exhibit 10.156 
 
CONSULTING AGREEMENT
 
THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT
(this "Agreement") is made and entered into effective as of the first day of January 2013, between Inter Parfums,
Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Company”), with offices at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10176, and Jean Madar Holding
SAS, a French corporation (“Consultant”) with its offices at c/o Fonciere du rond point 67, rue de la Boétie
75008 Paris, France.
 
WITNESSETH: 
 
Whereas,
Company desires to be assured of the association and services of Consultant in order to avail itself of Consultant's experience,
skills and abilities, and background and knowledge, and is willing to engage Consultant upon the terms and conditions set forth
herein; and
 
Whereas,
Consultant agrees to be engaged and retained by Company upon the terms and conditions as set forth herein.
 
NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the recitals, promises and conditions in the Agreement, Consultant and Company agree as follows:
 
1.           Consulting
Services.
 
Company hereby retains
Consultant and Consultant accepts such retention to become a consultant to Company, in general to supervise the operations of Company
and its subsidiaries commensurate with the responsibilities and obligations of the Chief Executive Officer of Company. In addition
Consultant is to render advice, consultation and information to the Board of Directors or the officers of Company in such places
as may be agreed upon between Company and Consultant, provided that no services shall be rendered within the United States. In
particular Consultant agrees to:
 
(a)          Provide
advice with regard to internal business operations of Company, including but not limited to, advise relating to (i) strategic
direction of Company, corporate goals and their implementation; (ii) operations of Company and its divisions or subsidiaries
or any programs and projects; (iii) financing; and (iv)  corporate organization and personnel; and
 
(b)          Identity
and, if authorized by the board of directors of Company, negotiate potential business combination transactions, whether in the
form of licensing, asset purchases, stock purchases, mergers, joint ventures, strategic alliances or otherwise.
 
2.           Term.
The term of this Agreement shall be for a period of one (1) year commencing on January 1, 2013, and shall continue in effect for
subsequent annual periods unless
 
(a)          either
party provides the other party with 120 days advance notice,
 

 
 

 
(b)          Jean
Madar, the Chief Executive Officer of Company, ceases to be the Chief Executive Officer of Company, in which case this Agreement
shall terminate coterminous with such cessation; or
 
(c)          as
otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement.
 
3.        
  Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses. 
 
 (a)          In
full consideration of the services to be performed hereunder by Consultant throughout the first year of this Agreement, i.e.,
calendar year 2013, Company agrees to pay to Consultant the sum of $250,000, payable in equal monthly installments. For subsequent
years, the remuneration to be paid from Company to Consultant shall be as negotiated between Consultant and the Executive Compensation
and Stock Option Committee of the Board of Directors of Company (the “Committee”). Any remuneration in addition to
the agreed upon for any year, if any, shall be determined in the discretion of the Committee, taking into account such factors
as the Committee deems appropriate, including but not limited to, the services rendered, results of such services and profitability
of Company.
 
	(b)          Company
agrees to reimburse Consultant for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by Consultant on behalf of Company, provided Consultant
submits proper documentation for such expenses, which are reasonably acceptable to Company.
 
4.        
  Warranties and Representations of Consultant. Consultant hereby warrants and represents to Company that:
 
(a)          the
execution and delivery of this Agreement and the consummation by Consultant of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly
authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Consultant;
 
(b)          this
Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of Consultant, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.
 
5.        
  Confidentiality, Disclosure of Information.
 
(a)          Consultant
recognizes and acknowledges that Consultant has had and will have access to Confidential Information (as defined below) relating
to the business or interests of Company or of persons with whom Company may have business relationships. Except as permitted herein,
Consultant will not during the Term, or at any time thereafter, use, disclose or permit to be known by any other person or entity,
any Confidential Information of Company (except as required by applicable law or in connection with the performance of Consultant’s
duties and responsibilities hereunder). The term “Confidential Information” shall include, but not be limited to, information
relating to Company’s business affairs, proprietary technology, trade secrets, patented processes, research and development
data, know-how, market studies and forecasts, competitive analyses, pricing policies, employee lists, employment agreements (other
than this Agreement), personnel policies, the substance of agreements with customers, suppliers and others, marketing arrangements,
customer lists, commercial arrangements, Company Materials (as defined herein) or any other information relating to Company’s
business that is not generally known to the public or to actual or potential competitors of Company (other than through a breach
of this Agreement). This obligation shall continue until such Confidential Information becomes publicly available, other than pursuant
to a breach of this Section 5 by Consultant, regardless of whether Consultant continues to be employed by Company.
 

2
 

 
	(b)          It
is further agreed and understood by and between the parties to this Agreement that all “Company Materials,” which include,
but are not limited to, computers, computer software, computer disks, tapes, printouts, source, HTML and other code, flowcharts,
schematics, designs, graphics, drawings, photographs, charts, graphs, notebooks, customer lists, sound recordings, other tangible
or intangible manifestation of content, and all other documents whether printed, typewritten, handwritten, electronic, or stored
on computer disks, tapes, hard drives, or any other tangible medium, as well as samples, prototypes, models, products and the like,
shall be the exclusive property of Company and, upon termination of Consultant’s employment with Company, and/or upon the
request of Company, all Company Materials, including copies thereof, as well as all other Company property then in Consultant’s
possession or control, shall be returned to and left with Company.
 
6.     
     Inventions Discovered by Consultant.
 
Consultant shall promptly
disclose to Company any invention, improvement, discovery, process, formula, or method or other intellectual property, whether
or not patentable or copyrightable (collectively, “Inventions”), conceived or first reduced to practice by Consultant,
either alone or jointly with others, while performing services hereunder (or, if based on any Confidential Information, at any
time during or after the Term), (a) which pertain to any line of business activity of Company, whether then conducted or then being
actively planned by Company, with which Consultant was or is involved, (b) which is developed using time, material or facilities
of Company, whether or not during working hours or on Company premises, or (c) which directly relates to any of Consultant’s
work during the Term, whether or not during normal working hours. Consultant hereby assigns to Company all of Consultant’s
right, title and interest in and to any and all such Inventions. During and after the Term, Consultant shall execute any and all
documents necessary to perfect the assignment of such Inventions to Company and to enable Company to apply for, obtain and enforce
patents, trademarks and copyrights in any and all countries on such Inventions, including, without limitation, the execution of
any instruments and the giving of evidence and testimony, without further compensation beyond Consultant’s agreed compensation
during the course of Consultant’s employment. Without limiting the foregoing, Consultant further acknowledges that all original
works of authorship by Consultant, whether created alone or jointly with others, related to Consultant’s employment with
Company and which are protectable by copyright, are “works made for hire” within the meaning of the United States Copyright
Act, 17 U.S.C. § 101, as amended, and the copyright of which shall be owned solely, completely and exclusively by Company.
If any Invention is considered to be work not included in the categories of work covered by the United States Copyright Act, 17
U.S.C. § 101, as amended, such work is hereby assigned or transferred completely and exclusively to Company. Consultant hereby
irrevocably designates counsel to Company as Consultant’s agent and attorney-in-fact to do any and all lawful acts necessary
to apply for and obtain patents and copyrights and to enforce Company’s rights under this Section. Company need not take
any other action, nor have any other documents executed, to effect such power of attorney. Consultant expressly acknowledges and
agrees that such power of attorney is irrevocable and shall be deemed to be coupled with an interest. This Section 6 shall
survive the termination of this Agreement. Any assignment of copyright hereunder includes all rights of paternity, integrity, disclosure
and withdrawal and any other rights that may be known as or referred to as “moral rights” (collectively “Moral
Rights”). To the extent such Moral Rights cannot be assigned under applicable law and to the extent the following is allowed
by the laws in the various countries where Moral Rights exist, Consultant hereby waives such Moral Rights and consents to any action
of Company that would violate such Moral Rights in the absence of such consent. Consultant agrees to confirm any such waivers and
consents from time to time as requested by Company.
 

3
 

 
7.      
    Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation.
 
Consultant acknowledges
that Company has invested substantial time, money and resources in the development and retention of its Inventions, Confidential
Information (including trade secrets), customers, accounts and business partners all of which constitute legitimate business interests
of Company, and further acknowledges that during the course of Consultant’s employment with Company Consultant has had and
will have access to Company’s Inventions and Confidential Information (including trade secrets), and will be introduced to
existing and prospective customers, accounts and business partners of Company. Consultant acknowledges and agrees that any and
all “goodwill” associated with any existing or prospective customer, account or business partner belongs exclusively
to Company, including, but not limited to, any goodwill created as a result of direct or indirect contacts or relationships between
Consultant and any existing or prospective customers, accounts or business partners. Additionally, the parties acknowledge and
agree that Consultant possesses skills that are special, unique or extraordinary and that the value of Company depends upon his
use of such skills on its behalf.
 
In recognition of this,
Consultant covenants and agrees that:
 
	(a)          During
the Term, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Consultant may not, without the prior written consent of the President of
Company, (whether as an employee, agent, servant, owner, partner, consultant, independent contractor, representative, stockholder
or in any other capacity whatsoever) participate in any business that offers products or services competitive in any way to those
offered by Company or that were under active development by Company during the Term.
 
	(b)          During
the Term, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Consultant may not entice, solicit or encourage any Company employee to
leave the employ of Company or any independent contractor to sever its engagement with Company, absent prior written consent to
do so from the Board.
 
	(c)          During
the Term, and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Consultant may not, directly or indirectly, entice, solicit or encourage
any customer or prospective customer of Company to cease doing business with Company, reduce its relationship with Company or refrain
from establishing or expanding a relationship with Company.
 

4
 

 
8.        
  Non-Disparagement.
 
Consultant hereby agrees
that during the Term, and at all times thereafter, Consultant will not make any statement that is disparaging about Company, any
of its management, officers, owners or employees, including, but not limited to, any statement that disparages the products, services,
finances, financial condition, capabilities or other aspect of the business of Company. Consultant further agrees that during the
same period Consultant will not engage in any conduct that is intended to inflict harm upon the professional or personal reputation
of Company or any of its management, officers, owners, or employees.
 
9.         
 Relationship of Consultant to Company.
 
Consultant shall be
an independent contractor; in no event shall Consultant be considered an agent of Company.
 
10.       
 Provisions Necessary and Reasonable.
 
	(a)          Consultant
agrees that (i) the provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement are necessary and reasonable to protect
Company’s Confidential Information, Inventions, and goodwill; (ii) the specific temporal, geographic and substantive provisions
set forth in Section 10 of this Agreement are reasonable and necessary to protect Company’s business interests; and
(iii) in the event of any breach of any of the covenants set forth herein, Company would suffer substantial irreparable harm and
would not have an adequate remedy at law for such breach. In recognition of the foregoing, Consultant agrees that in the event
of a breach or threatened breach of any of these covenants, in addition to such other remedies as Company may have at law, without
posting any bond or security, Company shall be entitled to seek and obtain equitable relief, in the form of specific performance,
and/or temporary, preliminary or permanent injunctive relief, or any other equitable remedy which then may be available. The seeking
of such injunction or order shall not affect Company’s right to seek and obtain damages or other equitable relief on account
of any such actual or threatened breach.
 
	(b)          If
any of the covenants contained in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 hereof, or any part thereof, are hereafter construed to
be invalid or unenforceable, then the same shall not affect the remainder of the covenant or covenants, which shall be given full
effect without regard to the invalid portions.
 
	(c)          If
any of the covenants contained in Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 hereof, or any part thereof, are held to be unenforceable
by a court of competent jurisdiction because of the temporal or geographic scope of such provision or the area covered thereby,
then the parties agree that the court making such determination shall have the power to reduce the duration and/or geographic area
of such provision and, in its reduced form, such provision shall be enforceable.
 

5
 

 
11.
        	Termination – Other.
 
Company shall have
the right to terminate this Agreement on notice to Consultant
 
	(a)          for
commission of a fraud against Company, provided that Company provides thirty (30) days’ notice to Consultant of the charges
of fraud, and Consultant has had the opportunity to respond to such charges, or such longer period as the parties may agree in
writing, or
 
	(b)          upon
the material breach of Sections 5, 6, 7 and 8 of this Agreement or, provided that Consultant shall have the right
to cure any such material breach within forty-five (45) days from the effective date of notice (as hereinafter provided) from Company
to Consultant of such material breach; provided, however, that if such cure cannot be reasonably be effected within such
forty-five (45) day period, cure is being diligently prosecuted by Consultant with reasonable prospects for a cure within a commercially
reasonable time, but in no event longer than ninety (90) days.
 
12.      
   Indemnification.
 
	(a)          Company
agrees to provide Consultant with indemnification insurance to the same extent it covers officers and directors of Company and
its subsidiaries, and indemnify and hold harmless Consultant, its officers and directors, and each controlling person of Consultant,
from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, or liabilities, joint or several, to which they or any of them may become
subject for acts committed within the scope of this Agreement.
 
	(b)          Company
agrees to pay and advance all expenses incurred or to be incurred by Consultant, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and
expenses, in connection with the defense by Consultant its officers and directors, and each controlling person of Consultant, in
connection with any and all litigation or adversary proceedings commenced, which arose out of action or inaction by Consultant
during the term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction determines that
Consultant has committed any fraud with respect to Company or any other intentional tort wherein Consultant has procured a pecuniary
benefit at the expense of Company, then this Section 12(b) shall be void, and Consultant shall reimburse Company for all
expenses advanced hereunder.
 
13.       
  Survival. The provisions of Sections 5-12 shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
 
14.      
  Taxes. All taxes, duties and other governmental fees or charges arising from Consultant's receipt of
remuneration shall be borne by Consultant.         
 
15.      
  Cumulative Rights. The rights and remedies granted in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive,
and are in addition to any and all other rights and remedies granted and permitted under and pursuant to law.
 

6
 

 
16.      
   No Waiver. The failure of any of the parties hereto to enforce any provision hereof on any occasion
shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of such provision or any other provision.
 
17.     
    Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the
parties hereto and no amendment, modification or waiver of any provision herein shall be effective unless in writing,
executed by the party charged therewith.
 
18.      
   Governing Law. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with and shall
be governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to the principles of conflicts of laws. Each party
hereto hereby irrevocably consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state courts and of any United States
District Court located within the State of New York, County of New York, with regard to any and all actions or proceedings
arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement, irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection
that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or proceeding in any such court or that
any such suit, action or proceeding which is brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum.
 
19.       
  Assignment and Delegation of Duties. This Agreement may not be assigned by Consultant, and any attempted
assignment hereof shall be void and of no effect. This Agreement is in the nature of a personal service contract and the
duties imposed hereby are non-delegable.         
 
20.      
   Paragraph Headings. The paragraph headings herein have been inserted for convenience of reference only,
and shall in no way modify or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.
 
21.      
   Notices. Any notice or other communication under the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing,
and shall be given by postage prepaid, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, by hand delivery with an
acknowledgment copy requested, or by the Express Mail service offered by the United States Post Office, directed to the
addresses set forth above, or to any new address of which any party hereto shall have informed the others by the giving of
notice in the manner provided herein. Such notice or communication shall be effective, if sent by mail, three (3) days after
it is mailed within the continental United States; if sent by Express Mail service, one day after it is mailed; or by hand
delivery, upon receipt.
 
22.     
    Unenforceability; Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be void or
unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remaining provisions of this Agreement, shall, nevertheless, be
binding upon the parties with the same force and effect as though the unenforceable part had been severed and deleted.
 
23.      
   No Third Party Rights. The representations, warranties and other terms and provisions of this Agreement
are for the exclusive benefit of the parties hereto, and no other person shall have any right or claim against any party by
reason of any of those terms and provisions or be entitled to enforce any of those terms and provisions against any
party.
 

7
 

 
24.      
   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which shall be deemed to be
duplicate originals.
 
[Balance of Page Intentionally Left Blank
– Signature Page(s) Follow]
 

8
 

 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the
parties have executed this Agreement on the dates set forth below.
 


Inter Parfums, Inc.
 
Jean Madar Holding SAS
 

 
 
 
 

By:
/s/ Philippe Benacin
 
By:
/s/ Jean Madar
 

Philippe Benacin, President
 
Jean Madar, President
 

 
 
 
 

Dated: __[blank]_____,
    2013
 
Dated: March 4th, 2013
 

 

9

 
 




Jean Madar Holding SAS: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:58 AM ET

Company Overview of Jean Madar Holding SAS



Snapshot People




Company Overview



,  United States










Key Executives for Jean Madar Holding SAS


Jean Madar Holding SAS does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 	Aryzta Us Holdings I Corp. United States 	Michael Anthony Hernandez, A Professional Corp United States !SOLUTIONS! Group United States "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States "D" Construction, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jean Madar Holding SAS, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Marot Axel - profile of CEO, director, businessman





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Marot Axel  - profile of CEO, director, businessman


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news for Marot Axel.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

Marot Axel - Check out list of companies related to Marot Axel. Find out people related to Marot Axel - coworkers / colleagues / companions.
Address: C/O INTER PARFUMS, S.A. 4, ROND POINT DES CHAMPS ELYSEES PARIS 75008 France  







Companies related to Marot Axel
CIKNameStateCIKIRSStock0000822663INTER PARFUMS INCDelaware0000822663133275609IPAR



People related to Marot Axel, company INTER PARFUMS INCNameCityCountryAyer JackPARISFranceBENACIN PHILIPPENEW YORKNYBENACIN PHILIPPEPARISBENACIN PHILIPPEPARISFranceBENSOUSSAN TORRES ROBERTLONDONUnited KingdomBENSOUSSAN TORRES ROBERTLONDONUnited KingdomBENSOUSSAN TORRES ROBERTLONDONBENSOUSSAN TORRES ROBERTLONDONCACCAMO JOSEPH AFT LAUDERDALEFLCACCAMO JOSEPH AFT LAUDERDALEFLCACCAMO JOSEPH AFT. LAUDERDALEFLCacci MarcellaPARISFranceCAILLIAU JEANPARISFranceCAILLIAU JEANPARISFranceCAILLIAU JEANPARISFranceCAILLIAU JEANPARISFranceCAILLIAU JEANSAINT CLOUDChoel PatrickPARISFranceChoel PatrickPARISClarke Henry B.NEW YORKNYde la Chevasnerie HuguesPARISFrancede la Chevasnerie HuguesPARISDyens MichelPARISELBILIA BRUCENEW YORKNYGARCIA PELAYO FREDERICPARISFranceGARCIA PELAYO FREDERICPARISGREENBERG RUSSELLGREENBERG RUSSELLNEW YORKNYGREENBERG RUSSELLNEW YORKNYHAMERLING WAYNEHAMERLING WAYNENEW YORKNYHEILBRONN FRANCOISPARISFranceHEILBRONN FRANCOISPARISFranceHEILBRONN FRANCOISPARISJean Madar Holding SASPARISLEVY JEANPARISFranceLEVY JEANPARISFranceLEVY JEANPARISLEVY JEANPARISLV CAPITAL USA INCNEW YORKNYLV CAPITAL USA INCNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYMADAR JEANNEW YORKNYPhilippe Benacin Holding SASPARISPIETTE DANIELPARISFrancePIETTE DANIELPARISFrancePIETTE DANIELPARISFranceROSINOER SERGEPARISFranceROSINOER SERGEPARISFranceROSINOER SERGEROSINOER SERGEPARISSANTI PHILIPPEPARISFranceSANTI PHILIPPEPARISFranceSANTI PHILIPPEPARIS
Potentially same personNameCityCountryMarot AxelPARIS
















DEF 14A
1
v384555_def14a.htm
DEF 14A



 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
SCHEDULE 14A
(Rule 14a-101)
 
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT
 
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14 (a)
of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 



Filed by the Registrant x
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ¨


 
Check the appropriate box:

¨Preliminary Proxy Statement


¨Confidential,
                                         for Use of the Commission Only


(as permitted
                                         by Rule 14a-6 (e) (2))


xDefinitive Proxy Statement


¨Definitive Additional Materials


¨Soliciting Material under Rule.14a-12

 
Inter
Parfums, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its
Charter)
 
_____________________________________________________
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement,
if other than the Registrant)
 
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate
box):


 
 

x
No fee required

¨
Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i) (4) and 0-11




 
 

1)
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

 
 

 
 

2)
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

 
 

 
 

3)
Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):

 
 

 
 

4)
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

 
 

 
 

5)
Total fee paid:

 
 

 


¨
Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

 
 

¨
Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (a) (2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

 


1)
Amount Previously Paid:

 
 

 
 

2)
Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

 
 

 
 

3)
Filing Party:

 
 

 
 

4)
Date Filed:

 
 

 

 
 

 
Inter
Parfums, Inc.
551
Fifth Avenue
New
York, New York 10176
 
Notice
of Annual Meeting of Shareholders
to
be Held on September 8, 2014
 
To the Shareholders of Inter Parfums, Inc.:
 
The annual meeting of shareholders of Inter
Parfums, Inc. (the “company”) will be held at the offices of the company, at
 
Inter Parfums, Inc.
551 Fifth Avenue – 15th
Floor
New York, NY 10176
Tel: 212.983.2640
 
on September 8, 2014 at 10:00 A.M., New York City Time, for
the following purposes:
 

1.To elect a board of directors consisting of nine (9) members
to hold office until our next annual meeting and until their successors are elected and qualified;

 

2.To vote for the advisory resolution to approve executive
compensation; and

 

3.To consider and transact such other business as may properly
come before the annual meeting or any adjournments of the annual meeting.

 
The board of directors has fixed the close
of business on July 28, 2014 as the record date for the determination of the shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at,
the annual meeting and any adjournments of the annual meeting. The list of shareholders entitled to vote at the annual meeting
may be examined by any shareholder at our offices at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York 10176, during the ten day period
prior to September 8, 2014.
 


 
By Order of our board of directors

 
 

Dated:  July 28, 2014
Michelle Habert, Secretary

 
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE
MEETING, PLEASE FILL IN, SIGN, AND DATE THE PROXY SUBMITTED HEREWITH AND RETURN IT IN THE ENCLOSED STAMPED ENVELOPE. THE GIVING
OF SUCH PROXY WILL NOT AFFECT YOUR RIGHT TO REVOKE SUCH PROXY IN PERSON SHOULD YOU LATER DECIDE TO ATTEND THE MEETING. THE ENCLOSED
PROXY IS BEING SOLICITED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
 

 
 

 
Inter
Parfums, Inc.
 
Proxy
Statement
 
Important
Notice
Regarding
the Availability of Proxy Materials
for
the Shareholder Meeting to Be Held on September 8, 2014
 
●             This
proxy statement and the company’s annual report to shareholders for fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 are available at:
 
http://interparfums.investorroom.com
 
●             Accessing this website will
not infringe upon your anonymity.
 
GENERAL
 
This proxy statement is furnished by the
board of directors of our company, Inter Parfums, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices located at 551 Fifth Avenue, New York,
New York 10176, in connection with the solicitation of proxies to be used at the annual meeting of our shareholders being held
on September 8, 2014 and at any adjournments of the annual meeting. For purposes of this proxy statement, unless the context otherwise
indicates, the terms the “company,” “us” or “our” refer to Inter Parfums, Inc.
 
This proxy statement will be mailed to shareholders
beginning approximately August 5, 2014. If a proxy in the accompanying form is properly executed and returned, then the shares
represented by the proxy will be voted as instructed on the proxy. Any shareholder giving a proxy may revoke it at any time before
it is voted by providing written notice of revocation to the company’s Secretary or by a shareholder voting in person at
the annual meeting.
 
All properly executed proxies received prior
to the annual meeting will be voted at the annual meeting in accordance with the instructions marked on the proxy or as otherwise
stated in the proxy. Unless instructions to the contrary are indicated, proxies will be voted
 

●FOR the election of the nine (9) directors referred to
in this proxy statement

 

●FOR the advisory resolution to approve executive compensation.
 
In addition, the persons holding the proxies
will consider and vote upon such other business as may properly come before the annual meeting or any adjournments of the annual
meeting.
 
A copy of the company’s annual report
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2013, which contains financial statements audited by the company’s independent registered
public accounting firm, is being mailed to the company’s shareholders along with this proxy statement.
 

1
 

 
We will bear the cost of preparing, assembling
and mailing this notice of meeting, proxy statement, proxy and the enclosed annual report, as well as maintaining our internet
website where you can obtain copies of this proxy statement and annual report to shareholders. In addition to solicitation of the
proxies by use of the mails, some of our officers and regular employees, without extra remuneration, may solicit proxies personally
or by telephone, telecopier or e-mail. We may also request brokerage houses, nominees, custodians and fiduciaries to forward soliciting
material to the beneficial owners of our common stock. We will reimburse these persons for their expenses in forwarding soliciting
material.
 
VOTING SECURITIES AND
PRINCIPAL HOLDERS THEREOF
 
Our board of directors fixed the close of
business on July 28, 2014 as the record date for the determination of shareholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the annual
meeting. Only holders of our common stock on the record date will be able to vote at the annual meeting.
 
As of July 8, 2014, 30,938,648 shares of
our common stock were outstanding. Each share of our common stock will entitle the holder of such share to one vote. None of the
company’s shareholders have cumulative voting rights. Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to vote on all matters.
We also have 1,000,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, $.001 par value per share, none of which are outstanding.
 
The holders of a majority of the total number
of outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote must be present in person or by proxy to constitute the necessary quorum
for any business to be transacted at the annual meeting. Properly executed proxies marked “abstain,” as well as proxies
held in street name by brokers that are not voted on all proposals to come before the annual meeting (“broker non-votes”),
will be considered “present” for purposes of determining whether a quorum has been achieved at the annual meeting.
 
The nine (9) nominees to our board of directors
receiving the greatest number of votes cast at the annual meeting in person or by proxy shall be elected. Consequently, any shares
of our common stock present in person or by proxy at the annual meeting, but not voted for any reason will have no impact in the
election of our board of directors. With respect to the advisory proposal to approve the compensation of our named executive officers,
the favorable vote of a majority of the shares of our common stock present or represented at the annual meeting is required for
approval.
 
Other matters that may be submitted to our
shareholders for a vote at the annual meeting, if any, will require the favorable vote of a majority of the shares of our common
stock present or represented at the annual meeting for approval, unless we advise you otherwise. If any matter proposed at the
annual meeting must receive a specific percentage of favorable votes for approval, then abstentions in respect of such proposal
are treated as present and entitled to vote under Delaware, law and therefore such abstentions have the effect of a vote against
such proposal. Broker non-votes in respect of any proposal are not counted for purposes of determining whether such proposal has
received the requisite approval.
 

2
 

 
Members of our management have been informed that Messrs. Jean
Madar and Philippe Benacin, the beneficial owners of our two largest shareholders, have a verbal agreement or understanding to
vote their shares in a like manner, and intend to vote in favor of all of the nominees for directors. Therefore, all of the nominees
are all likely to be elected. Also, members of our management have been informed that Messrs. Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin intend
to vote in favor of the other proposal, and it is likely that such proposal will be passed as recommended by our management.
 
We know of no business other than the proposals
discussed above that will be presented for consideration at the annual meeting. If any other matter is properly presented, then
it is the intention of the persons named in the enclosed proxy to vote in accordance with their best judgment.
 
The following table sets forth information,
as of July 8, 2014 with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by (a) each person we know to be the beneficial
owner of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, (b) our executive officers and directors and (c) all of our directors
and officers as a group. As of July 8, 2014 we had 30,938,648 shares of common stock outstanding.
 


Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
Amount of Beneficial Ownership1  
Approximate Percent of Class 

Jean Madar c/o Interparfums SA 4, Rond Point Des Champs Elysees 75008 Paris, France 
 7,117,5992 
 23.2%

Philippe Benacin c/o Interparfums SA 4, Rond Point Des Champs Elysees 75008 Paris, France 
 6,926,3943 
 22.3%

Russell Greenberg c/o Inter Parfums, Inc. 551 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10176  
 30,0004 
 Less than 1%

 
 

1All shares of common stock are directly held with sole voting
power and sole power to dispose, unless otherwise stated. Options which are exercisable within 60 days are included in beneficial
ownership calculations. Jean Madar, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Philippe Benacin,
the Vice Chairman of the Board and President of the Company, have a verbal agreement or understanding to vote their shares in a
like manner.
2Consists of 28,258 shares held directly, 7,032,341 shares held
indirectly through Jean Madar Holding SAS, a personal holding company, and options to purchase 57,000 shares.
3Consists of 23,330 shares held directly, 6,846,064 shares held
indirectly through Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, a personal holding company, and options to purchase 57,000 shares.
4Consists of shares of common stock underlying options.
 

3
 

 


Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
Amount of Beneficial Ownership1  
Approximate Percent of Class 

Philippe Santi Interparfums SA 4, Rond Point Des Champs Elysees 75008, Paris France 
 -0-  
 NA

Francois Heilbronn 60 Avenue de Breteuil 75007 Paris, France 
 30,0635 
 Less than 1%

Jean Levy Chez Axcess Groupe 8 rue de Berri 75008 Paris, France 
 2,7506 
 Less than 1%

Robert Bensoussan-Torres c/o Sirius Equity LLP 52 Brook Street W1K 5DS London 
 8,2507 
 Less than 1%

Patrick Choël Universite -82 7 rue de Talleyrand 75007, Paris, France 
 14,5758 
 Less than 1%

Michel Dyens Michel Dyens & Co. 17, avenue Montaigne 75008 Paris, France 
 -0-  
 NA

Frederic Garcia-Pelayo Interparfums SA 4, Rond Point Des Champs Elysees 75008, Paris France 
 -0-  
 NA

Axel Marot Interparfums SA 4, Rond Point Des Champs Elysees 75008, Paris France 
 -0-  
 NA 

Henry B. (Andy) Clarke c/o Inter Parfums, Inc. 551 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10176 
 17,6259 
 Less than 1%

All Directors and Officers (As a Group 12 Persons) 
 14,147,25610 
 45.5%

 
 
 


5 Consists of 27,563 shares held directly and options to
purchase 2,500 shares.
6 Consists of 1,750 shares held directly and options to
purchase 1,000 shares.
7 Consists of 7,000 shares held directly and options to
purchase 1,250 shares.
8 Consists of 14,325 shares held directly and options to
purchase 250 shares.
9 Consists of 1,625 shares held directly and options to
purchase 16,000 shares.
10 Consists of 13,982,256 shares and options to purchase 165,000
shares.
 

4
 

 
PROPOSAL NO. 1:
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
 
General
 
The members of our board of directors are
each elected with a plurality of votes cast in favor of their election for a one-year term or until their successors are elected
and qualify. With the exception of Philippe Benacin, the officers are elected annually by the directors and serve at the discretion
of the board of directors. There are no family relationships between executive officers or directors of our company.
 
On January 8, 2014 our company was advised
that one of our directors, Serge Rosinoer, passed away, and on the same day we notified Nasdaq OMX of such event. Prior to the
death of Mr. Rosinoer, we had nine (9) directors, with a majority of independent directors. As the result of the death of Mr. Rosinoer,
our company was not  in compliance with the requirement of the majority of independent directors rule, Nasdaq Rule 5605(b)(1).
However, our company intends to comply with the cure period stated in Rule 5605(b)(1)(A), to have a majority of independent directors
at this annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors has nominated Mr. Michel Dyens to become an independent member of
the board of directors, and if he is elected at this meeting, then our company would now be in compliance with which would comply
with the majority of independent directors requirement.
 
Unless authority is withheld, the proxies
in the accompanying form will be voted in favor of the election of the nominees named above as directors. Although all of the nominees
have indicated their willingness to serve if elected, if at the time of the meeting any nominee is unable to or unwilling to serve,
then the shares represented by properly executed proxies will be voted at the discretion of the person named in the proxies for
another person designated by our board of directors.
 
Board of Directors
 
Our board of directors has the responsibility
for establishing broad corporate policies and for the overall performance of our Company. Although certain directors are not involved
in day-to-day operating details, members of the board of directors are kept informed of our business by various reports and documents
made available to them. Our board of directors held 19 meetings (or executed consents in lieu thereof), including meetings of committees
of the full board of directors during 2013 (including the last regular board meeting of 2013 held during January 2014), and except
for Mr. Rosinoer, all of the directors attended at least 75% of the meetings (or executed consents in lieu thereof) of the full
board of directors and committees of which they were a member. Our board of directors presently consists of eight (8) directors.
 
 

shares held directly or indirectly, and
options to purchase 187,800 shares.
 

5
 

 
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct
that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, as well
as other persons performing similar functions, and we agree to provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of our
Code of Business Conduct. Any person who requests a copy of our Code of Business Conduct should provide their name and address
in writing to: Inter Parfums, Inc., 551 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10176, Att.: Shareholder Relations. In addition, our Code of
Conduct is also maintained on our website, at www.interparfumsinc.com.
 
During 2013, our board of directors had
the following standing committees:
 

·Audit Committee – The Audit Committee has the sole authority and is directly responsible for, the appointment, compensation
and oversight of the work of the independent accountants employed by our company which prepare or issue an audit report for our
company. During 2013, the Audit Committee consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn, Levy and Choël.
 
The Company does not have an “audit
committee financial expert” within the definition of the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. First, finding
qualified nominees to serve as a director of a public company without substantial financial resources has been challenging. Second,
despite the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rule which states that being named as the audit committee financial expert
does not impose any greater duty, obligation or liability, the Company has been met with resistance from both present and former
directors to being named as such primarily due to potential additional personal liability.
 
However, as the result of the background,
education and experience of the members of the Audit Committee, our board of directors believes that such committee members are
fully qualified to fulfill their obligations as members of the Audit Committee.
 

·Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee – The Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee oversees
                                                                                                             the compensation of our company’s executives and administers our company’s stock option plans. During 2013, the
                                                                                                             members of such committee consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn, Levy and Choël. The charter of the Executive Compensation
                                                                                                             and Stock Option Committee is
                                                                                                             posted on our company’s website.
 

·Nominating Committee – The members of such committee consist of Messrs. Heilbronn, Levy and Choël. The purpose of
the Nominating Committee is to determine and recommend qualified persons to the Board of Directors who will be put forth as management's
slate of directors for vote of the Corporation's stockholders, as well as to fill vacancies in the Board of Directors. The charter
of the Nominating Committee is posted on our company’s website.
 

6
 

 
Director Independence
 
The following are our existing directors
who are “independent directors” within the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market: Francois Heilbronn, Jean Levy.
Robert Bensoussan-Torres and Patrick Choël. In addition, Michel Dyens is also a nominee for director, and he is independent
within the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.
 
We follow and comply with the independent
director definitions as provided by The Nasdaq Stock Market rules in determining the independence of our directors, which are posted
on our company’s website. In addition, such rules are also available on The Nasdaq Stock Market’s website. In addition,
The Nasdaq Stock Market maintains more stringent rules relating to director independence for the members of our Audit Committee,
and the members of our Audit Committee, Messrs. Heilbronn, Levy and Choël, are independent within the meaning of those rules.
 
On January 8, 2014 our company was advised
that one of our directors, Serge Rosinoer, passed away, and on the same day we notified Nasdaq OMX of such event. Prior to the
death of Mr. Rosinoer, we had nine (9) directors, with a majority of independent directors. As the result of the death of Mr. Rosinoer,
our company was not  in compliance with the requirement of the majority of independent directors rule, Nasdaq Rule 5605(b)(1).
However, our company intends to comply with the cure period stated in Rule 5605(b)(1)(A), to have a majority of independent directors
at this annual meeting of stockholders by the election of Michel Dyens to the board of directors.
 
Procedures for Approval of Related Person Transactions

 
Transactions between related persons, such
as between an executive officer or director and our company, or any company or person controlled by such officer or director, are
required to be approved by our Audit Committee of our board of directors. Our Audit Committee Charter contains such explicit authority,
as required by the applicable rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market.
 
Board Leadership Structure and Risk Management
 
For more than the past ten (10) years, Jean
Madar has held the positions of Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of our company. Almost since inception,
Mr. Madar has been allocated the responsibility of overseeing our United States operations and the operation of Inter Parfums,
Inc., as a public company. Philippe Benacin, as Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, has been allocated the responsibility
of overseeing our European operations and its operation as a public company in France. In addition, Mr. Benacin is also the Vice
Chairman of the Board of Directors of our company. Our board of directors is comfortable with this approach, as the two largest
stockholders of our company are also directly responsible for the operations of our company’s two operating segments. Accordingly,
our board of directors does not have a “Lead Director,” a non-management director who controls the meetings of our
board of directors.
 
Our board of directors manages risk by (i)
review of period operating reports and discussions with management; (ii) approval of executive compensation incentive plans through
its committee, the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee; (iii) approval of related party transactions through its
committee, the Audit Committee; and (iv) approval of material transactions not in the ordinary course of business. Since our inception,
we have never been the subject of any material product liability claims, and we have had no recent material property damage claims.
 

7
 

 
Further, we periodically enter into foreign
currency forward exchange contracts to hedge exposure related to receivables denominated in a foreign currency and to manage risks
related to future sales expected to be denominated in a foreign currency. We enter into these exchange contracts for periods consistent
with our identified exposures. The purpose of the hedging activities is to minimize the effect of foreign exchange rate movements
on the receivables and cash flows of Interparfums SA, our French subsidiary, whose functional currency is the Euro. All foreign
currency contracts are denominated in currencies of major industrial countries and are with large financial
institutions, which are rated as strong investment grade.
 
In addition, we mitigate interest rate risk
by continually monitoring interest rates, and then determining whether fixed interest rates should be swapped for floating rate
debt, or if floating rate debt should be swapped for fixed rate debt.
 
Business Experience 
 
The following sets forth biographical information
as to the business experience of each executive officer and director of our Company, as well as first time director nominee, Michel
Dyens, for at least the past five years.
 
Board of Directors
 
Jean Madar
 
Jean Madar, age 53, a Director, has been
the Chairman of the Board since our company’s inception, and is a co-founder of our company with Mr. Philippe Benacin. From
inception until December 1993 he was the President of our company; in January 1994 he became Director General of Interparfums SA,
our company’s subsidiary; and in January 1997 he became Chief Executive Officer of our company. Mr. Madar was previously
the managing director of Interparfums SA, from September 1983 until June 1985. At such subsidiary, he had the responsibility of
overseeing the marketing operations of its foreign distribution, including market research analysis and actual marketing campaigns.
Mr. Madar graduated from The French University for Economic and Commercial Sciences (ESSEC) in 1983. We believe that Mr. Madar’s
skills in guiding, leading and determining the strategic direction of our company since its inception together with Mr. Benacin,
in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic industry, render him qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.
 
 

8
 

 
Philippe Benacin
 
Mr. Benacin, age 55, a Director, is President
of our Company and the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, has been the Vice Chairman of the Board since September 1991,
and is a co-founder of our company with Mr. Madar. He was elected the Executive Vice President in September 1991, Senior Vice President
in April 1993, and President of the Company in January 1994. In addition, he has been the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums
SA for more than the past five years. Mr. Benacin graduated from The French University for Economic and Commercial Sciences (ESSEC)
in 1983. In June 2014 Mr. Benacin was elected as a member of the Supervisory Board of Vivendi, and Chairman of its Corporate Governance,
Nominations and Remuneration Committee. We believe that Mr. Benacin’s skills in guiding, leading and determining the strategic
direction of our company since its inception together with Mr. Madar, in addition to his contacts in the fragrance and cosmetic
industry, render him qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.  
 
Russell Greenberg
 
Mr. Greenberg, age 57, the Chief Financial
Officer, was Vice-President, Finance when he joined the Company in June 1992; became Executive Vice President in April 1993; and
was appointed to our board of directors in February 1995. He is a certified public accountant licensed in the State of New York,
and is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants.
After graduating from The Ohio State University in 1980, he was employed in public accounting until he joined our company in June
1992. We believe that Mr. Greenberg’s skills in accounting and tax, as well as his knowledge of the fragrance industry and
our Company’s operations, render him qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.  
 
Philippe Santi
 
Philippe Santi, age 52 and a Director since
December 1999, is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA. Mr. Santi, who is a Certified Accountant
and Statutory Auditor in France, has been the Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA since February 1995. Prior to February
1995, Mr. Santi was the Chief Financial Officer for Stryker France and an Audit Manager for Ernst and Young. We believe that Mr.
Santi’s skills in accounting and tax, as well as his knowledge of the fragrance industry and our Company’s European
operations, render him qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.  
 
Francois Heilbronn
 
Mr. Heilbronn, age 53, a Director since
1988, an independent director and a member of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and the Executive Compensation and Stock
Option Committee, is a graduate of Harvard Business School with a Master of Business Administration degree and is currently the
managing partner of the consulting firm of M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn & Fiszer. He was formerly employed by The Boston Consulting
Group, Inc. from 1988 through 1992 as a manager. Mr. Heilbronn graduated from Institut d' Etudes Politiques de Paris in June 1983.
From 1984 to 1986, he worked as a financial analyst for Lazard Freres & Co.
In addition, during 2009 Mr. Heilbronn became an Associate
Professor in Business Strategy at Sciences Po, Paris, France. As the result of his business and financial acumen, as well as his
experience as managing partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers and acquisitions of large international companies
in retail, consumer goods and consumer services throughout the world, we believe Mr. Heilbronn is qualified to serve as a member
of our board of directors.
 

9
 

 
Jean Levy
 
Jean Levy, age 81, a Director since August
1996, an independent director and a member of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and the Executive Compensation and Stock
Option Committee, worked for twenty-seven years at L'Oreal, and was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Cosmair, the exclusive
United States licensee of L'Oreal, from 1983 through June 1987. In addition, he is the former President and Chief Executive Officer
of Sanofi Beaute (France). For more than the past five years, Mr. Levy has been an independent advisor as well as a consultant
for economic development to local governments in France. A graduate of l'Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris, he also attended
Yale Graduate School and was a recipient of a Fulbright Scholarship. He was also a Professor at l'Institut d'Etudes Politiques
de Paris. He was formerly a director of Zannier Group and Escada Beaute Worldwide and Rallye, S.A. In addition, Mr. Levy was also
a director (Chairman of the Board until October 2001) of Financière d'Or, and its subsidiary, Histoire d'Or which is in
the retail jewelry business. Mr. Levy was formerly a consultant to Ernst & Young, Paris through 2004. He is currently a board
member of Price Minister, an internet based retailer located in Paris. Due to Mr. Levy having over thirty years’ experience
as an executive officer, including more than ten years as President and Chief Executive Officer of well-known cosmetic companies
such as Cosmair and Sanofi Beaute (France), we believe he is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.
 
Robert Bensoussan
 
Robert Bensoussan, age 56, has been a Director
since March 1997, and also is an independent director. Mr. Bensoussan is the co-founder of Sirius Equity, a retail and branded
luxury goods investment company. Since 2008, Sirius has invested in UK shoe and clothing retailer LK Bennett, Italian sportswear
retailer and wholesaler Jeckerson Spa and feelunique.com, Europe's largest online beauty retailer. Mr. Bensoussan served previously
as Executive Chairman and CEO of LK Bennett and is now Non-Executive Chairman. He has also acted as the Non-Executive Chairman
of Jekerson Spa since May 2008 and of feelunique.com since December 2012. Mr. Bensoussan is a board member of lululemon athletica
inc. He is also a member of three private Boards, including Men's retailer Celio International (Belgium), Zen Cars (Belgium),
an electric car rental company, and Aurenis (France) a part-works publisher. Previously Mr. Bensoussan was as director of, and
had an indirect ownership interest J. Choo Limited until July 2011, and CEO (from 2001 to 2007) and a member of the Board of Jimmy
Choo Ltd (from 2001 to 2011), a privately held luxury shoe wholesaler and retailer. We believe Mr. Bensoussan is qualified to serve
as a member of our board of directors due to his business and financial acumen, as well as his experience in the retail and branded
luxury goods market.
 

10
 

 
Patrick Choël
 
Mr. Choël, age 70, was appointed to
the board of directors in June 2006 as an independent director, and is a member of the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and
the Executive Compensation and Stock Option Committee. Mr. Choël is a director of our majority-owned subsidiary, Interparfums
SA, and Modellabs, both publicly held companies, and Christian Dior and Guerlain, both privately held companies. He is also the
manager of Université 82, a business consultant and advisor. For approximately 10 years, through March 2004, Mr. Choël
worked as the President and CEO of two divisions of LVMH, first Parfums Christian Dior, a leading world-wide prestige beauty/fragrances
business, and later, the LVMH Perfumes and Cosmetics Division, which included such well-known brands as Parfums Christian Dior,
Guerlain, and Parfums Givenchy, among others. Prior to such time, for approximately 30 years, he worked at various executive positions
at Unilever, including President and CEO of Elida Fabergé France and President and CEO of Chesebrough Pond’s USA.
We believe that Mr. Choël, who has previously worked as President and Chief Executive Officer of two divisions of LVMH Moet
Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A., which included such well-known brands as Parfums Christian Dior, Guerlain, and Parfums Givenchy, is
qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors.
 
Michel Dyens
 
Michel Dyens,
age 74, is the owner, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Michel Dyens & Co., which he founded more than 25 years ago.
With headquarters in New York and Paris, Michel Dyens & Co. is a leading independent investment banking firm focused on mergers
and acquisitions. Michel Dyens & Co. has vast experience in the luxury goods, beauty, spirits and other premium branded consumer
goods in which it has concluded numerous landmark deals. Michel Dyens & Co. has advised in such deals as the sale of the Grey
Goose ultra-premium vodka brand to Bacardi, John Frieda Professional Hair Care and Molton Brown to the Kao Company, the Svedka
vodka brand to Constellation Brands, Chambord liqueur to Brown-Forman, Harry Winston to Aber Diamond Company and Boucheron to Gucci.
Michel Dyens & Co. also has a strong track record of deals in media and internet, including the deals in which AuFeminin was
sold to Axel Springer and Cyréalis to M6, among others. Michel Dyens & Co. recently advised the shareholders of the
Essie cosmetics business in the sale of the company to L’Oréal, as well as advising LVMH on the acquisition of the
Swiss watchmaker Hublot, TIGI (BedHead and Catwalk brands) in its sale to Unilever and NIOXIN Research Laboratories in the sale
of the company to Procter & Gamble. Mr. Dyens is also the owner of Varenne Enterprises, a media company which he founded more
than 25 years ago. From April 2004 to September 2014, Mr. Dyens was an independent director of Interparfums SA, a majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company, which has it shares publicly traded on the Euronext Exchange. We
believe Mr. Dyens is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors due to his knowledge of our company’s luxury
business, his business and financial acumen, as well as his experience in the luxury goods market.
 
Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors
 
Frederic Garcia-Pelayo
 
Frederic Garcia-Pelayo, age 54, became the
Director of the Luxury and Fashion division of Interparfums SA in March 2005. He was previously the Director of Marketing and Distribution
for Perfume and Cosmetics for Interparfums SA and was named Executive Vice President in 2004. Previously Mr. Garcia-Pelayo was
the Director of Export Sales of Interparfums SA from September 1994. Prior to September 1994, Mr. Garcia-Pelayo was the Export
Manager for Benetton Perfumes for seven (7) years.
 

11
 

 
Axel Marot
 
Axel Marot, age 41, was the Supply Chain
Manager when he joined Interparfums SA in 2003 and has been the Director of Operations for Interparfums SA since January 2005.
Prior to joining Interparfums SA, Mr. Marot was a Supply Chain Manager for Nestlé.
 
Andy Clarke
 
Henry B. “Andy” Clarke, age
53, was appointed as President of Inter Parfums USA, LLC in 2009, following his appointment as President of Inter Parfums USA,
LLC – Specialty Retail Division in January 2008, which presently encompasses fragrance and personal care products produced
for specialty retail brands such as Gap, Banana Republic, Brooks Brothers, bebe, Betsey Johnson and Lane Bryant, and fragrances
for prestige brands such as Anna Sui, Alfred Dunhill, Agent Provocateur, Shanghai Tang and Oscar de la Renta. Mr. Clarke has been
employed by our company since 2001.
 
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership
Reporting Compliance
 
Based solely upon a review of Forms 3, 4
and 5 and any amendments to such forms furnished to us, and written representations from various reporting persons furnished to
us, we are not aware of any reporting person who has failed to file the reports required to be filed under Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on a timely basis.
 
Executive Compensation
 
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
 
General
 
The executive compensation and stock option
committee of our board of directors is comprised entirely of independent directors and oversees all elements of compensation (base
salary, annual bonus, long-term incentives and perquisites) of our company’s executive officers and administers our company’s
stock option plans, other than the non-employee directors stock option plan, which is self-executing.
 
The objectives of our compensation program
are designed to strike a balance between offering sufficient compensation to either retain existing or attract new executives on
the one hand, and maintaining compensation at reasonable levels on the other hand. We do not have the resources comparable to the
cosmetic giants in our industry, and, accordingly, cannot afford to pay excessive executive compensation. In furtherance of these
objectives, our executive compensation packages generally include a base salary, as well as annual incentives tied to individual
performance and long-term incentives tied to our operating performance.
 

12
 

 
Mr. Madar, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, takes the initiative after discussions with Mr. Russell Greenberg, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
a Director, and recommends executive compensation levels for executives for United States operations. Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive
Officer of Interparfums SA, takes the initiative after discussions with Philippe Santi, the Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums
SA, and recommends executive compensation levels for executives in European operations. The recommendations are presented to the
compensation committee for its consideration, and the compensation committee makes a final determination regarding salary adjustments
and annual award amounts to executives, including Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin. Mr. Madar the Chief Executive Officer is not
present during deliberations or determination of his executive compensation by the compensation committee. Further, Messrs. Madar
and Benacin, in addition to being executive officers and directors, are our largest beneficial shareholders, and therefore, their
interests are aligned with our shareholder base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable level.
 
The compensation committee was pleased that
the most recent shareholder advisory vote on executive compensation held at our last annual meeting of shareholders in July 2013
overwhelmingly approved the compensation policies and decisions of the compensation committee. As such vote validated the compensation
policies and decisions of the compensation committee. The compensation committee has determined to continue its present compensation
policies in order to determine similar future decisions.
 
Our compensation committee believes that
individual executive compensation is at a level comparable with executives in other companies of similar size and stage of development
that operate in the fragrance industry and takes into account our company’s performance as well as our own strategic goals.
Further, the compensation committee believes that its present policies to date, with its emphasis on rewarding performance, has
served to focus the efforts of our executives, which in turn permitted our company to weather the storm of the recent recession
and put our company on track for a continued high rate of growth and profitability, which management believes will result in a
substantial increase in value to our shareholders.
 
Elements of Compensation
 
General
 
The compensation of our executive officers
is generally comprised of base salaries, annual cash bonuses and long-term equity incentive awards. In determining specific components
of compensation, the compensation committee considers individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience, other
compensation awards or arrangements and overall company performance. The compensation committee reviews and approves all elements
of compensation for all of our executive officers taking into consideration recommendations from the Chief Executive Officer of
our company and the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA, as well as information regarding compensation levels at competitors
in our industry.
 
Our named executive officers have all been
with the company for more than the past ten (10) years, with Messrs. Madar and Benacin being founders of the company in 1985. As
Messrs. Madar and Greenberg for United States operations, and Benacin and Santi for European operations, are most familiar with
the individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer in their respective operating
segments, the compensation committee relies upon the information provided by such executive officers in determining individual
performance, level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer.
 

13
 

 
The compensation committee views the competitive
market place very broadly, which would include executive officers from both public and privately held companies in general, including
fashion and beauty companies, but not limited to the “peer companies” contained in the corporate performance graph
contained in our annual report. Rather than tie the compensation committee’s determination of compensation proposals to any
specific peer companies, the members of our committee have used their business experience, judgment and knowledge to review the
executive compensation proposals recommended to them by Mr. Madar for United States operations and Benacin for European operations.
As such, compensation committee did not determine the need to “benchmark” of any material item of compensation or overall
compensation.
 
The members of the compensation committee
have extensive experience and business acumen and are well qualified in determining the appropriateness of executive compensation
levels. Mr. Heilbronn is a managing partner of a business consulting firm in the area of mergers and acquisitions of large international
companies in retail, consumer goods and consumer services throughout the world. Mr. Levy has over thirty years’ experience
as an executive officer, including more than ten years as President and Chief Executive Officer of well-known cosmetic companies
such as Cosmair and Sanofi Beaute (France). Mr. Choël, the final committee member, is presently a business consultant and
advisor, who previously worked as President and Chief Executive Officer of two divisions of LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton S.A.,
which included such well-known brands as Parfums Christian Dior, Guerlain, and Parfums Givenchy. Mr. Choël has also been President
and CEO of both Elida Fabergé France and Chesebrough Pond’s USA.
 
Base Salary
 
Base salaries for executive officers are
initially determined by evaluating the responsibilities of the position held and the experience of the individual, and by reference
to the competitive market place for executive talent. Base salaries for executive officers are reviewed on an annual basis, and
adjustments are determined by evaluating our operating performance, the performance of each executive officer, as well as whether
the nature of the responsibilities of the executive has changed.
 
As stated above, as Messrs. Madar and Greenberg
for United States operations, and Benacin and Santi for European operations, are most familiar with the individual performance,
level of responsibility, skills and experience of each executive officer in their respective segments, the committee relies upon
the information provided by such executive officers in determining individual performance, level of responsibility, skills and
experience of each executive officer.
 

14
 

 
For executive officers of United States
operations, the bulk of their annual compensation is in base salary. However, for executive officers of European operations base
salary comprises a smaller percentage of overall compensation. We have paid a lower percentage of overall compensation in the form
of base salary to executive officers of European operations for several years, principally because European operations historically
have had higher profitability than United States operations, and European operations are run differently from United States operations
by the Chief Executive Officer of European operations, Mr. Benacin. As the result of this historically higher profitability, European
operations have had the ability to pay higher bonus compensation in addition to base salary. As bonus compensation is and has historically
been discretionary, no targets were set in order to maintain flexibility. Further, if results of operations for European operations
were not satisfactory (again, no target amounts were set to maintain flexibility), then bonus compensation, as well as overall
compensation could be lowered without otherwise affecting base salary. Finally, by keeping annual bonus compensation at a higher
percentage of overall compensation and base salary at a lower percentage, our company benefits because the base amount for annual
salary adjustments would be smaller.
 
For 2013, each of Mr. Philippe Santi, the
Chief Financial Officer of Interparfums SA, and Mr. Frederic Garcia-Pelayo, Director of the Luxury and Fashion division, had their
based salaries increased upon the recommendation of Mr. Benacin, and received a base salary of €285,600, an increase (2.6%)
from €278,400 in 2012. These increases in base salary for 2013 were in line with the base salary increases also recommend
by Mr. Benacin for 2012 of 2.7% to €278,400. The Compensation Committee considered the recommendations of Mr. Benacin, as
well as the services performed for European operations by Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo.
 
With regard to Mr. Benacin, his base salary
remained constant for 2011, 2012 and 2013, at €391,200 per year. In view of the uncertainty of the status of the Burberry
license at the end of 2011 and beginning of 2012, which accounted for approximately 56% of net sales of Interparfums SA for 2011,
Mr. Benacin believed it to be prudent to recommend only a limited base salary increase to Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo and not
to increase his base salary. The compensation committee agreed with Mr. Benacin’s assessment of the uncertain business prospects
of Interparfums SA and his proposed disposition relating to base salary for Interparfums SA executive officers.
 
However, for 2014, in addition to his base
salary which was increased from €391,200 to €414,000, a 5.8% increase, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, Mr. Benacin’s
personal holding company, will receive $250,000 for services rendered and to be rendered outside of the United States by Mr. Benacin
for the benefit of the Company’s United States operations, in his capacity as President of our company. Payment is being
made by the Company’s United States operations. A consulting agreement has been agreed in principle with Mr. Benacin’s
holding company, which provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable to such company.
 
The compensation took into account the following
three salient factors in authorizing payment to Mr. Benacin’s holding company— services rendered to United States operations
for several years by Mr. Benacin in connection with licensing and distribution of international brands without any cash compensation
from United States operations, future international services to be performed by Mr. Benacin relating to licensing and distribution
of international brands for United States operations, as well as three years without any increase in his base salary.
 

15
 

 
A different approach is taken for United
States operations as that segment is smaller and less profitable. A more significant base salary is paid in order to attract and
retain employees with the skills and talents needed to run the operation with a lesser emphasis placed on bonuses. None of the
executive officers for United States operations have employment agreements, as we believe that having flexibility in structuring
annual base salary is a benefit, which permits us to act quickly to meet a changing economic environment.
 
For 2013, Andy Clarke, the President of
Inter Parfums USA, LLC, the largest subsidiary of the United States operations, did not have his base salary increased from the
$320,000 he received in 2012 and 2011. Beginning in 2012, in lieu of a base salary increase, Mr. Clarke was awarded a commission
on certain new sales that he was instrumental in bringing to our company. For 2013 and 2012, Mr. Clarke received commissions of
$306,200 and $248,224, respectively. For a detailed discussion of Mr. Clarke’s commission structure for both 2013 and 2012,
please see “Bonus Compensation/Annual Incentives”.
 
For 2013, Russell Greenberg, the Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, received a $30,000 (6.25%) increase in his base salary, to $510,000, as compared to
the $23,000 (5%) increase in his base salary he received in 2012 from 2011. In connection with these increases in salary, the Compensation
Committee considered the following material factors in granting Mr. Greenberg his salary increase: his individual performance,
level of responsibility, skill and experience, as well as the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer.
 
For 2013, Mr. Madar, the Chief Executive
Officer, did not receive any increase in his base salary, which has remained at $380,000 since 2009. Mr. Madar also shared the
view of Mr. Benacin that in view of the uncertainty of the status of the Burberry license at the end of 2011 and beginning of 2012,
Mr. Madar determined not to recommend any increase in his base salary to the compensation committee. However, over the past 3 years,
net income of US operations has grown from a loss of ($200,000) in 2009 to a profit of $5.1 million in 2012. Accordingly, after
several years of no increase in his base salary, for 2013, in addition to his base salary which remained at $380,000, Jean Madar
Holding SAS, Mr. Madar’s personal holding company, received $250,000 for services rendered outside of the United States by
Mr. Madar in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer. A consulting agreement has been signed with Mr. Madar’s holding company,
which provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable to such company. For 2014 both the base salary
of Mr. Madar as well as the consulting fee payable to his personal holding company will remain the same as they were for 2013.
In determining Mr. Madar’s base salary, as well as the consulting fee for 2014 being paid to Mr. Madar’s holding company,
the Committee took into account Mr. Madar’s leadership of our company in general, the increasing profitability of United
States operations over the past several years, and his services in assisting United States operations in acquiring three new fragrance
licenses during 2013.
 

16
 

 
Bonus Compensation/Annual Incentives
 
We have paid a higher percentage of overall
compensation in the form of bonus compensation to executive officers of European operations for several years, principally because
European operations historically have had higher profitability than United States operations. As the result of this historically
higher profitability, European operations have had the ability to pay higher bonus compensation in addition to base salary. As
bonus compensation is discretionary no targets were set in order to maintain flexibility. Further, if results of operations for
European operations were not satisfactory (again, no target amounts were set to maintain flexibility), then bonus compensation,
as well as overall compensation could be lowered without otherwise affecting base salary.
 
For 2013, Mr. Benacin, the chief decision
maker for European operations, proposed and the compensation committee concurred in the payment of bonus compensation of €78,000
to Mr. Benacin (approximately 20% of base salary), and €268,000 (approximately 96% of base salary) to each of Messrs. Santi
and Garcia- Pelayo. In addition to individual performance, level of responsibility, skill and experience other factors considered
by the Compensation Committee were the increased sales of European operation ongoing brands, Lavin, Montblanc and Jimmy Choo, as
well as the work with recently licensed European operation brands, Balmain, Repetto and Karl Lagerfeld. However, Mr. Benacin recommended
that his bonus compensation for 2013 be reduced to €78,000 (approximately 20% of base salary) from €254,500 which he
received for 2012 (approximately 65% of base salary), in order to offset in large part the new $250,000 in consulting fees he is
to receive in 2014 through his personal holding company, as discussed above. The difference in the bonus compensation from 2013
to 2012, €176,500, approximates $240,000 at current exchange rates. The Compensation Committee approved the bonus compensation
in tandem with the consulting agreement based upon services Mr. Benacin rendered to United States operations for several years
in connection with licensing and distribution of international brands without any cash compensation from United States operations,
future international services to be performed by Mr. Benacin relating to licensing and distribution of international brands for
United States operations, as well as three years without any increase in his base salary. The Compensation Committee also understands
that both Mr. Benacin and the Corporation will benefit from lower tax rates by having compensation taken in this form.
 
For 2012, Mr. Benacin, the chief decision
maker for European operations, proposed and the committee concurred in the payment of bonus compensation of € 254,500 to Mr.
Benacin (approximately 65% of base salary), and €258,000 (approximately 93% of base salary) to each of Messrs. Santi and Garcia-
Pelayo. Such bonus compensation exceeded prior bonus compensation as a percentage of base salary, and was given in recognition
of the services performed in connection with the resolution of the disposition of the Burberry license, as well as the record year
for sales and earnings of European operations. For 2011, bonus compensation was approximately equal to 72% of 2010 base salaries.
 
A different approach is taken for United
States operations as that segment is smaller and less profitable. A more significant base salary is paid in order to attract and
retain employees with the skills and talents needed to run the operation with a lesser emphasis placed on bonuses. Based upon the
recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer, for 2013, Mr. Greenberg received a discretionary cash bonus of $50,000, which was
the same amount he received in 2012. The Compensation Committee considered the following material factors in granting Mr. Greenberg
his 2013 bonus: his individual performance, level of responsibility, skill and experience, as well as the recommendation of the
Chief Executive Officer. The compensation committee authorized the bonus in 2012 in recognition for his services in connection
with the disposition of the Burberry license, as well as the record year for sales and earnings of our company.
 

17
 

 
For 2012, in lieu of a base salary increase,
Mr. Clarke was awarded a commission on certain new sales that he was instrumental in bringing to our company. The commission rate
was determined based on internal estimates of sales targets for the new business. For 2012, in determining the projected amount
of the commission portion of Mr. Clarke’s estimated compensation, the initial assumption was based upon internal net sales
projections of $30 million, which included $20 million for Anna Sui brand sales and $10 million for new secondary market distribution.
The commission rate of 0.8% of net sales would yield $240,000 based upon internal projections. However, net sales exceeded the
internal projections and his commission rate of 0.8% was based upon actual sales of $31.0 million, which yielded a total commission
of $248,224. As Mr. Clarke was instrumental in obtaining the Anna Sui license for the Company and obtaining this new secondary
market distribution, it was determined that such additional compensation was fair in view of his contribution to the Company’s
increase in sales.
 
For 2013, no changes were made to the commission
structure for Mr. Clarke. Actual net sales for both the Anna Sui brand and secondary market product sales aggregated approximately
$38.3 million, and therefore, based upon the commission rate discussed above, Mr. Clarke received a commission of $306,200 for
2013.
 
For 2013 and 2012, Mr. Clarke did not receive
a discretionary cash bonus. However, as discussed above, in lieu of an increase in base salary, Mr. Clarke received a commission
on sales of Anna Sui, in which he was instrumental in obtaining the business. The commission was based upon sales targets determined
after negotiation with the Chief Executive Officer. For 2012, the amount of Mr. Clarke’s commission under this plan was $248,224.
 
Mr. Madar, the Chief Executive Officer did
not receive any cash bonus for 2012, or for years 2011, 2010 and 2009. However, as discussed above under the heading “Base
Salary”, over the past 3 years, net income of US operations has grown from a loss of ($200,000) in 2009 to a profit of $5.1
million 2012. Accordingly, after several years with no increase in his base salary, for 2013, in addition to his base salary, Jean
Madar Holding SAS, his personal holding company, will receive $250,000 for services to be rendered outside of the United States
by Mr. Madar in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer. Also for 2013, any further bonus compensation for Mr. Madar would be at
the discretion of the compensation committee.
 
As required by French law, Interparfums
SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service, including executive
officers of our European operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA. Benefits are calculated
based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum amount payable
per year per employee is 25,000€, or approximately $34,000.
 

18
 

 
Calculation of the total annual benefits
contribution is made according to the following formula:
 
50% of (Interparfums SA net income, less 5% of shareholders’
equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and the denominator of
which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization expenses + interest
expenses.
 
Contribution to individual employees is
then made pro rata based upon their individual salaries for the year.
 
Long-Term Incentives
 
Stock Options. We link long-term
incentives with corporate performance through the grant of stock options. All options are granted with an exercise price equal
to the fair market value of the underlying shares of our common stock on the date of grant, and terminate on or shortly after severance
of the executive’s relationship with us. Unless the market price of our common stock increases, corporate executives will
have no tangible benefit. Thus, they are provided with the additional incentive to increase individual performance with the ultimate
goal of increasing our overall performance. We believe that enhanced executive incentives which result in increased corporate performance
tend to build company loyalty. As a general rule, the number of options granted is determined by several factors, but most importantly,
both individual and company operating results for the past year, as well as past option grants to such executives.
 
For executive officers of United States
operations and European operations, we typically grant nonqualified stock options with a term of 6 years that vest ratably of a
5-year period on a cumulative basis, so that the option will become fully exercisable at the beginning of the sixth year from the
date of grant. In addition, option grants to purchase shares of our majority-owned, French subsidiary, Interparfums SA have a term
of 6 years and vest 4 years after the date of grant. However, no options were granted by Interparfums SA to any executive officers
during 2012 and 2011.
 
We believe that the vesting period of these
options serve a dual purpose: 1. executives will not receive any benefit if they leave prior to such portion of the option vesting;
and 2. having a vesting period, matches the service period with the potential benefits of the option. Pursuant to our stock option
plan, non-qualified stock options granted to executives terminate immediately upon the executive’s termination of association
with our company. This termination provision coupled with a vesting period reduces benefits afforded to an executive when an executive
officer leaves our employ.
 
Over the past several years, as our company
has grown and the market price or our common stock has increased, Messrs. Madar and Benacin have realized substantial compensation
as the result of the exercise of their options. As the two executives most responsible for continued growth and success of our
company, the compensation committee believes the granting of options is an appropriate tool to tie a substantial portion of their
compensation to the success of our company and is completely warranted.
 

19
 

 
The actual compensation realized as the
result of the exercise of options in the past, as well as the future potential of such rewards, are powerful incentives for increased
individual performance and ultimately increased company performance. In view of the fact that the executive officers named above
contribute significantly to our profitable operations, the compensation committee believes the option grants are valid incentives
for these executive officers and are fair to our shareholders. Generally we grant options to executive officers in December of
each year.
 
In December for each of the years 2011-2013,
upon the recommendation of the company’s Chief Executive Officer, the compensation committee granted options to purchase
a total of 19,000 shares of our common stock to each of Jean Madar and Philippe Benacin at the fair market value on the date of
grant. Option grants to Messrs. Madar and Benacin were identical as each is the Chief Executive Officer of their respective operating
segments. Also in December for each of the years 2011-2013, the compensation committee granted options to purchase 25,000 shares
to Mr. Greenberg, the Chief Financial Officer, at the fair market value on the date of grant. The Compensation Committee determined
that the option grants for Messrs. Madar, Benacin and Greenberg, which have remained the same for years 2011-2012, were reasonable,
so based upon the recommendation of the Chief Executive Officer, it determined to keep the option grants for such executive officers
at the same level for 2013.
 
In December 2013, options to purchase a
total of 5,000 shares were granted to Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo, which were the same amounts as the aggregate amount granted
in December 2012 and January 2013 to Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo. These amounts represent an increase as additional compensation
for their contribution to the efforts of the United States based operations, as compared with 2011, when options to purchase 3,000
shares were granted to Messrs. Santi and Garcia-Pelayo,.
 
Stock Appreciation Rights. Our 2004
stock option plan authorizes us to grant stock appreciation rights, or SARs. An SAR represents a right to receive the appreciation
in value, if any, of our common stock over the base value of the SAR. To date, we have not granted any SARs under the 2004 plan.
While the compensation committee currently does not plan to grant any SARs under our 2004 plan, it may choose to do so in the future
as part of a review of the executive compensation strategy. The Interparfums SA stock option plan does not have stock appreciate
rights.
 
Restricted Stock. We have not in
the past, and we do not have any future plans to grant restricted stock to our executive officers. However, while the compensation
committee currently does not plan to authorize any restricted stock plans, the compensation committee may choose to do so in the
future as part of a review of the executive compensation strategy.
 

20
 

 
Other Compensation
 
Mr. Benacin is the Chief Executive Officer
of Interparfums SA (European operations), as well as a founder of our company, and we believe we should recognize his responsibility,
skills and experience, as well as the results of the company. For 2013, Mr. Benacin received an automobile allowance of €10,800,
which is the same amount paid in 2012, 2011 and 2010.
 
No Stock Ownership Guidelines
 
We do not require any minimum level of stock
ownership by any of our executive officers. As stated above, Messrs. Madar and Benacin, are our largest beneficial shareholders,
which align their interests with our shareholder base in keeping executive compensation at a reasonable level.	
 
Retirement and Pension Plans 
 
We maintain a 401(k) plan for United States
operations. However, we do not match any contributions to such plan, as we have determined that base compensation together with
annual bonuses and stock option awards, are sufficient incentives to retain talented employees. Our European operations maintain
a pension plan for its employees as required by French law.
 
Compensation Committee Report
 
We have reviewed and discussed with management
the Compensation Discussion and Analysis provisions included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31,
2013 and the proxy statement for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders. Based on this review and discussion, we recommend
to the board of directors that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis referred to above be included in the Annual Report on Form
10-K as well as the proxy statement for the upcoming annual meeting of shareholders.
 
Francois Heilbronn, Jean Levy and Patrick
Choël
 
The following table sets forth a summary
of all compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to our “named executive officers,” who are our principal executive
officer, our principal financial officer, and each of the 3 most highly compensated executive officers of our company. This table
covers all such compensation during fiscal years ended December 31, 2013, December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011. For all
compensation related matters disclosed in the summary compensation table, and elsewhere, all amounts paid in euro have been converted
to U.S. dollars at the average rate of exchange in each year.
 

21
 

 


SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE

Name and Principal Position 
Year 
Salary ($)  
Bonus ($)  
Stock Awards ($)  
Option Awards ($)(1)  
Non-Equity Incentive Plan
    Compensation ($)(2)  
Change in Pension Value and
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ($)  
All Other Compensation ($)(3)  
Total ($) 

Jean Madar, 
2013 
 630,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 178,790  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 808,790 

Chairman and 
2012 
 380,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 106,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 486,000 

Chief Executive Officer 
2011 
 380,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 87,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 467,000 

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Russell Greenberg, 
2013 
 510,000  
 50,000  
 -0-  
 235,250  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 795,250 

Chief Financial Officer and 
2012 
 480,000  
 50,000  
 -0-  
 139,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 669,000 

Executive Vice President 
2011 
 457,000  
 35,000  
 -0-  
 114,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 606,000 

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Philippe Benacin, President Inter 
2013 
 518,966  
 103,475  
 -0-  
 178,790  
 -0-  
 12,000  
 14,327  
 827,558 

Parfums, Inc., Chief Executive 
2012 
 502,457  
 326,880  
 -0-  
 106,000  
 -0-  
 11,213  
 13,872  
 960,422 

Officer of Interparfums SA 
2011 
 542,790  
 253,913  
 -0-  
 87,000  
 -0-  
 14,846  
 14,985  
 913,534 

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Philippe Santi, Executive Vice 
2013 
 378,877  
 355,529  
 -0-  
 65,870  
 33,292  
 12,000  
 -0-  
 844,568 

President and Chief Financial 
2012 
 357,577  
 331,375  
 -0-  
 17,000  
 32,233  
 11,213  
 -0-  
 749,398 

Officer, Interparfums SA 
2011 
 376,290  
 274,725  
 -0-  
 14,000  
 24,906  
 14,846  
 -0-  
 704,767 

  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
   

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo, 
2013 
 378,877  
 355,529  
 -0-  
 65,870  
 33,292  
 12,000  
 9,021  
 854,589 

Director Export Sales, 
2012 
 357,577  
 331,375  
 -0-  
 17,000  
 32,233  
 11,213  
 8,734  
 758,132 

Interparfums SA 
2011 
 376,290  
 274,725  
 -0-  
 14,000  
 24,906  
 14,846  
 9,435  
 714,202 

 

22
 

 
1 Amounts reflected under Option Awards represent the grant
date fair values in 2013, 2012 and 2011 based on the fair value of stock option awards using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The assumptions used in this model are detailed in Footnote 11 to the audited consolidated financial statements in our Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and filed with the SEC.
 
2 As required by French law, Interparfums SA maintains its own
profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service, including executive officers of our European
operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA Benefits are calculated based upon a percentage
of taxable income of Interparfums SA and are allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum amount payable per year is 25,000
euro, or approximately $34,000.
 
Calculation of total annual benefits contribution is made according
to the following formula:
 
50% of (Interparfums SA net income, less 5% of shareholders’
equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and the denominator of which is net
income before taxes, + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization expenses + interest expenses.
 
Contribution to individual employees is then made pro rata based
upon their individual salaries for the year.
 
3 The following table identifies (i) perquisites and other personal
benefits provided to our named executive officers in fiscal 2013, and quantifies those required by SEC rules to be quantified and
(ii) all other compensation that is required by SEC rules to be separately identified and quantified.
 


Name and Principal Position 
Perquisites and other Personal Benefits ($)  
Personal Automobile Expense($)  
Lodging Expense($)  
Total ($) 

  
   
   
   
  

Jean Madar, Chairman Chief Executive Officer 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Russell Greenberg, Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Benacin, President of Inter Parfums, Inc. and Chief Executive Officer of Interparfums SA 
 -0-  
 14,327  
 -0-  
 14,327 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Santi, Executive Vice President and Director General Delegue, Interparfums SA  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo, Director Export Sales, Interparfums SA 
 -0-  
 9,021  
 -0-  
 9,021 

 
Ratio of CEO’s Compensation to Median Compensation
of All Employees (Excluding CEO Compensation)
 
We have determined that for 2013, the median
total compensation for all of our employees, but excluding the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, was $117,434. The total
compensation for our Chief Executive Officer for 2013 as set forth in the Summary Compensation above was $808,790. Therefore, for
2013 the ratio of the total compensation for our Chief Executive Officer as compared to the median total compensation to all of
our employees excluding the compensation of our Chief Executive Officer, is 6.9:1.
 

23
 

 
Plan Based Awards
 
The following table sets certain information
relating to each grant of an award made by our company to the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation
Table during the past fiscal year.
 


  
  
Grants of Plan-Based Awards  
   
   
  

Name 
Grant Date 
Estimated Future Payouts Under
    Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards  
Estimated Future Payouts
    Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards  
All Other Stock Awards:
    Number of Shares of  
All Other Option Awards:
    Number of Securities  
Exercise or Base Price of
    Option  
  

  
  
Threshold ($)  
Target  ($)  
Maximum ($)  
Threshold ($)  
Target ($)  
Maximum ($)  
Stock or Units
    (#)  
Underlying Options (#)  
Awards ($/Sh)  
Closing Price 

Jean Madar 
12/31/13 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 19,000  
 35.75  
 35.81 

Russell Greenberg 
12/31/13 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 25,000  
 35.75  
 35.81 

Philippe Benacin 
12/31/13 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 19,000  
 35.75  
 35.81 

Philippe Santi 
12/31/13 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 5,000  
 35.75  
 35.81 

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
12/31/13 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 5,000  
 35.75  
 35.81 

 
Options
 
As discussed above, we typically grant nonqualified
stock options with a term of 6 years that vest ratably of a 5-year period on a cumulative basis, so that the option will become
fully exercisable at the beginning of the sixth year from the date of grant.
 
We believe that the vesting period of these
options serves a dual purpose: 1. executives will not receive any benefit if they leave prior to such portion of the option vesting;
and 2. having a vesting period matches the service period with the potential benefits of the option.
 
Under our company’s stock option plans,
the exercise price is determined by the average of the high and low price on the date of grant, not the closing price as reported
by The Nasdaq Stock Market.
 
We also note that the Summary Compensation
Table does not include income realized by the named executive officers as the result of the exercise of stock options, but rather
reflects the dollar amount recognized for financial statement reporting purposes for options granted in accordance with ASC topic
718-20. However, value realized as the result of stock option exercises is set forth in the table entitled “Option Exercises
and Stock Vested”.
 

24
 

 
Interparfums SA Profit Sharing Plan
 
As required by French law, Inter Parfums,
SA maintains its own profit sharing plan for all French employees who have completed three months of service, including executive
officers of our European operations other than Mr. Benacin, the Chief Executive Officer of Inter Parfums, SA. Benefits are calculated
based upon a percentage of taxable income of Interparfums SA and allocated to employees based upon salary. The maximum amount
payable per year per employee is 25,000 euros, or approximately $34,000.
 
Calculation of total
annual benefits contribution is made according to the following formula:
 
50% of (Interparfums SA net
income, less 5% of shareholders equity without net income for the year) times a fraction, the numerator of which is wages, and
the denominator of which is net income before tax + wages + taxes (other than income tax) + valuation allowances + amortization
expenses + interest expenses.
 
Contribution to individual employees is
then made pro rata based upon their individual salaries for the year.
 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End
 
The following table sets certain information
relating to outstanding equity awards in our company held by the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation
Table as of the end of the past fiscal year.
 

25
 

 
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL
YEAR-END
 


  
Option Awards

Name 
Number of Securities 
    Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable(1)  
Number of Securities 
    Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable  
Equity Incentive Plan
    Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#)  
Option Exercise
    Price ($)  
Option Expiration Date

  
    
    
    
    
 

Jean Madar 
 13,875  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 11.297  
2/13/14

  
 19,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 6.925  
12/30/14

  
 15,200  
 3,800  
 -0-  
 12.14  
12/30/15

  
 11,400  
 7,600  
 -0-  
 19.025  
12/30/16

  
 7,600  
 11,400  
 -0-  
 15.59  
12/29/17

  
 3,800  
 15,200  
 -0-  
 19.325  
12/30/18

  
 -0-  
 19,000  
 -0-  
 35.75  
12/30/19

  
    
    
    
    
 

Russell Greenberg 
 3,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 6.925  
12/30/14

  
 15,000  
 5,000  
 -0-  
 12.14  
12/30/15

  
 15,000  
 10,000  
 -0-  
 19.025  
12/30/16

  
 10,000  
 15,000  
 -0-  
 15.59  
12/29/17

  
 5,000  
 20,000  
 -0-  
 19.325  
12/30/18

  
 -0-  
 25,000  
 -0-  
 35.75  
12/30/19

  
    
    
    
    
 

Philippe Benacin 
 13,875  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 11.297  
2/13/14

  
 19,000  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 6.925  
12/30/14

  
 15,200  
 3,800  
 -0-  
 12.14  
12/30/15

  
 11,400  
 7,600  
 -0-  
 19.025  
12/30/16

  
 7,600  
 11,400  
 -0-  
 15.59  
12/29/17

  
 3,800  
 15,200  
 -0-  
 19.325  
12/30/18

  
 -0-  
 19,000  
 -0-  
 35.75  
12/30/19

  
    
    
    
    
 

Philippe Santi 
 1,800  
 1,200  
 -0-  
 15.62  
3/28/16

  
 1,800  
 1,200  
 -0-  
 19.025  
12/30/16

  
 1,200  
 1,800  
 -0-  
 15.59  
12/29/17

  
 600  
 2,400  
 -0-  
 19.325  
12/30/18

  
 -0-  
 2,000  
 -0-  
 22.195  
1/30/19

  
 -0-  
 5,000  
 -0-  
 35.75  
12/30/19

  
    
    
    
    
 

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
 1,800  
 1,200  
 -0-  
 15.62  
3/28/16

  
 1,800  
 1,200  
 -0-  
 19.025  
12/30/16

  
 1,200  
 1,800  
 -0-  
 15.59  
12/29/17

  
 600  
 2,400  
 -0-  
 19.325  
12/30/18

  
 400  
 1,600  
 -0-  
 22.195  
1/30/19

  
 -0-  
 5,000  
 -0-  
 35.75  
12/30/19

[Footnotes
from table above]
 
1 Except as otherwise noted, all options expire 6 years from
the date of grant, and vest 20% each year commencing one year after the date of grant.
 
The following table sets certain information
relating to outstanding equity awards granted by Interparfums SA, our majority-owned French subsidiary which has its shares traded
on the NYSE Euronext, held by the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table as of the end of
the past fiscal year.
 
OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL
YEAR-END
OF INTERPARFUMS SA 
 


  
Option Awards

Name 
Number of Securities  Underlying
    Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable  
Number of Securities  Underlying
    Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (1)  
Option Exercise Price (euro)(2)  
Option Expiration Date

Jean Madar 
 -0-  
 8,785  
 12.00  
12/11/2015

  
 -0-  
 9,317  
 17.20  
10/07/2016

  
    
    
    
 

Russell Greenberg 
 -0-  
 1,758  
 12.00  
12/11/2015

  
 -0-  
 1,997  
 17.20  
10/07/2016

  
    
    
    
 

Philippe Benacin 
 -0-  
 9,317  
 17.20  
10/07/2016

  
    
    
    
 

Philippe Santi 
 -0-  
 8,785  
 12.00  
12/11/2015

  
 -0-  
 9,317  
 17.20  
10/07/2016

  
    
    
    
 

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
 -0-  
 8,785  
 12.00  
12/11/2015

  
 -0-  
 9,317  
 17.20  
10/07/2016

 

[Footnotes from table above]
 

 

1 All options fully vest 4
years after the date of grant.
2 As of December 31, 2013, the closing price of Interparfums
SA as reported by Euronext was 31.35 euro, and the exchange rate was 1.3791 U.S. dollars to 1 euro.
 

26
 

  
Option Exercises and Stock Vested
 
The following table sets forth certain
information relating to each option exercise affected during the past fiscal year, and each vesting of stock, including restricted
stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments of our company during the past fiscal year, for the executive officers of
our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table.
 


OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED

  
Option Awards  
Stock Awards 

Name 
Number of Shares
    Acquired on Exercise (#)  
Value Realized on
Exercise  ($)1  
Number of Shares
    Acquired on Vesting (#)  
Value Realized
    On Vesting  ($) 

  
   
   
   
  

Jean Madar 
 28,500  
 711,731  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Russell Greenberg 
 25,500  
 491,115  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Benacin 
 28,500  
 711,731  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Santi 
 12,750  
 240,563  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
 12,750  
 246,953  
 -0-  
 -0- 

 
[Footnote from table above]
 

1Total value realized on exercise of options in dollars
                                         is based upon the difference between the fair market value of the common stock on the
                                         date of exercise, and the exercise price of the option.
 
The following table sets forth certain
information relating to each option exercise effected during the past fiscal year, and each vesting of stock, including restricted
stock, restricted stock units and similar instruments during the past fiscal year, of Interparfums SA, our majority-owned French
subsidiary which has its shares traded on the Euronext, for the executive officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation
Table.
 


OPTION EXERCISES AND STOCK VESTED

  
Option Awards  
Stock Awards 

Name 
Number of Shares
    Acquired on Exercise (#)  
Value Realized on
Exercise  (euro)1  
Number of Shares
    Acquired on Vesting (#)  
Value Realized
    On Vesting  ($) 

  
   
   
   
  

Jean Madar 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Benacin 
 8,785  
 227,373  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Russell Greenberg 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Philippe Santi 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

  
    
    
    
   

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 -0- 

 
[Footnote
from table above]
 
 



1Total value realized on exercise of options in dollars
                                         is based upon the difference between the fair market value of the common stock on the
                                         date of exercise, and the exercise price of the option.
  


27
 

 

Pension Benefits
 
The following table sets forth certain
information relating to payment of benefits following or in connection with retirement during the past fiscal year, for the executive
officers of our company listed in the Summary Compensation Table.
 



PENSION
    BENEFITS

Name 
Plan Name 
Number of Years
    Credited Service 
    (#) 
Present Value of
    Accumulated Benefit ($)  
Payments During
    Last Fiscal Year  ($) 

Jean Madar 
NA 
NA 
 -0-  
 -0- 

Russell Greenberg 
NA 
NA 
 -0-  
 -0- 

Philippe Benacin 
Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
NA 
 202,000  
 11,581 

Philippe Santi 
Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
NA 
 202,000  
 11,581 

Frédéric Garcia-Pelayo 
Inter Parfums SA Pension Plan 
NA 
 202,000  
 11,581 

 
Interparfums SA maintains a pension plan
for all of its employees, including all executive officers. The calculation of commitments for severance benefits involves estimating
the probable present value of projected benefit obligations. This projected benefit obligations is then prorated to take into
account seniority of the employees of Interparfums SA on the calculation date.
 
In calculating benefits, the following
assumptions were applied:
 
- voluntary retirement at age 65;
- a rate of 45% for employer payroll contributions for all
employees;
- a 5% average annual salary increase;
- an annual rate of turnover for all employees under 55 years
of age and nil above;
- the TH 00-02 mortality table for men and the TF 00-02 mortality
table for women;
- a discount rate of 3.96%.
 
The normal retirement age is 65 years,
but employees, including Messrs. Benacin, Santi and Garcia-Pelayo, can collect reduced benefits if they retire at age 60.
 
Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 
We do not maintain any nonqualified deferred
compensation plans.
 

28
 

 
Employment and Consulting
Agreements
 
As part of our acquisition in 1991 of the
controlling interest in Interparfums SA, now a subsidiary, we entered into an employment agreement with Philippe Benacin. The
agreement provides that Mr. Benacin will be employed as Vice Chairman of the Board and President and Chief Executive Officer of
Inter Parfums Holdings and its subsidiary, Interparfums SA. The initial term expired on September 2, 1992, and has subsequently
been automatically renewed for additional annual periods. The agreement provides for automatic annual renewal terms, unless either
party terminates the agreement upon 120 days’ notice. For 2014, Mr. Benacin presently receives an annual salary of €414,000
(approximately $571,000), and automobile expenses of €10,800 (approximately $15,000), which are subject to increase in the
discretion of the board of directors. The agreement also provides for indemnification and a covenant not to compete for one year
after termination of employment.
 
In 2014, in addition to his base salary
which remained at €414,000, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, Mr. Benacin’s personal holding company, will receive $250,000
for services rendered and to be rendered outside of the United States by Mr. Benacin for United States operations, in his capacity
as President of our company. Payment is being made from United States operations. A consulting agreement has been signed with
Mr. Benacin’s holding company, which provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable to such
company. The agreement also provides for indemnification for Mr. Benacin and his holding company, and a covenant not to compete
for one year after termination of the agreement. The agreement is to be for one year, with automatic one year renewals unless
either party terminates on 120 days’ notice or Mr. Benacin ceases to be the President of our company.
 
In 2013 we signed a consulting agreement
with Mr. Madar’s holding company, Jean Madar Holding SAS, which provides for review on an annual basis of the amount of
compensation payable to such company. The agreement also provides for indemnification for Mr. Madar and his holding company and
a covenant not to compete for one year after termination of the agreement. The agreement is for one year, with automatic one year
renewals unless either party terminates on 120 days’ notice or Mr. Madar ceases to be the Chief Executive Officer of our
company. For 2013 Mr. Madar’s personal holding company received $250,000 for services rendered outside of the United States
by Mr. Madar in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer. For 2014 both the $380,000 annual base salary of Mr. Madar as well as
the $250,000 consulting fee payable to his personal holding company will remain the same as they were for 2013.
 
Compensation of Directors
 
The following table sets forth certain
information relating to the compensation for each of our directors who is not an executive officer of our Company named in the
Summary Compensation Table for the past fiscal year.
 

29
 

 



  
   
   
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION  
   
  

Name 
Fees Earned or Paid in
    Cash ($)  
Stock Awards
($)  
Option Awards ($)  
Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation
     ($)  
Change in Pension Value and
    Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings  
All Other
    Compensation  ($)  
Total ($) 

Francois Heilbronn1 
 16,000  
 -0-  
 6,114  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 43,775  
 65,889 

Jean Levy2 
 18,000  
 -0-  
 6,114  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 36,441  
 60,555 

Robert Bensoussan3 
 10,000  
 -0-  
 6,114  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 28,099  
 44,213 

Patrick Choël5 
 14,000  
 -0-  
 6,114  
 -0-  
 -0-  
 21,684  
 41,798 


 
[Footnotes from table above]
 

 


1.As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Heilbronn held options
                                         to purchase an aggregate of 3,500 shares of our common stock.

2.As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Levy held options to
                                         purchase an aggregate of 2,500 shares of our common stock.

3.As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Bensoussan-Torres held
                                         options to purchase an aggregate of 2,500 shares of our common stock.

4.As of the end of the last fiscal year, Mr. Choël held options
                                         to purchase an aggregate of 2,250 shares of our common stock
 
For 2013, all nonemployee directors received
$4,000 for each board meeting at which they participate in person, and $2,000 for each meeting held by conference telephone. In
addition, the annual fee for each member of the audit committee is $6,000.
 
We maintain stock option plans for our
nonemployee directors. The purpose of these plans is to assist us in attracting and retaining key directors who are responsible
for continuing the growth and success of our company. Under such plans, options to purchase 1,000 shares are granted on each February
1st to all nonemployee directors for as long as each is a nonemployee director on such date. However, if a nonemployee director
does not attend certain of the board meetings, then such option grants are reduced according to a schedule. In addition, options
to purchase 2,000 shares are granted to each nonemployee director upon his initial election or appointment to our board.
 
On February 1, 2014, options to purchase
1,000 shares were granted to each of Francois Heilbronn, Jean Levy and Robert Bensoussan-Torres, and options to purchase 500 shares
were granted to Patrick Choël, all at the exercise price of $32.12 per share under the 2004 plan. Such options vest ratably
over a 4 year period.
 
Equity Compensation Plan Information
 
The following table sets forth certain
information as of the end of our last fiscal year regarding all equity compensation plans that provide for the award of equity
securities or the grant of options, warrants or rights to purchase our equity securities.
 

30
 

 
Equity Compensation Plan Information


Plan category 
Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of
    outstanding options, warrants and rights (a)  
Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options,
    warrants and rights (b)  
Number of securities remaining available for future issuance
    under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 643,595  
 19.58  
 461,075 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 -0-  
 N/A  
 -0- 

Total 
 643,595  
 19.58  
 461,075 

 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 
Transactions with European Subsidiaries
 
We have guaranteed the obligations of our
majority-owned, French subsidiary, Interparfums SA under our former Burberry license and our Paul Smith license agreement. We
also provide (or had provided on our behalf) certain financial, accounting and legal services for Interparfums SA, and during
2013 and 2012 fees for such services were $158,750 and $337,438, respectively. In January 2012, Inter Parfums USA, LLC, a United
States subsidiary, signed a five year license agreement with Interparfums Suisse (SARL), a Swiss subsidiary of Interparfums SA,
for the right to sell amenities under the Lanvin brand name to luxury hotels, cruise lines and airlines in return for royalty
payments as are customary in our industry. In 2013 and 2012, Inter Parfums USA, LLC, a United States subsidiary, paid Interparfums
Singapore Pte., Ltd., a subsidiary of Interparfums SA, approximately $114,000 and $110,000, respectively as reimbursement for
expenses for employees and use of their offices by Inter Parfums USA, LLC, including a reasonable allocation of overhead. We estimate
that future payments under this arrangement will be approximately $150,000 per year.
 
Option Exercise with Tender of Previously Owned Shares
 
The Chief Executive Officer and the President
each exercised 13,875, 28,500 and 60,000 outstanding stock options of the Company’s common stock in 2014, 2013 and 2012,
respectively. The aggregate exercise prices of $0.3 million in 2014, $0.7 million in 2013 and $1.6 million in 2012 were paid by
them tendering to the Company in 2014, 2013 and 2012, an aggregate of 10,080, 18,880 and 82,322 shares, respectively, of the Company’s
common stock, previously owned by them, valued at fair market value on the dates of exercise. All shares issued pursuant to these
option exercises were issued from treasury stock of the Company. In addition, the Chief Executive Officer tendered in 2014, 2013
and 2012 an additional 1,193, 2,573 and 4,710 shares, respectively, for payment of certain withholding taxes resulting from his
option exercises.
 
Consulting Agreements
 
As discussed above in Executive Compensation,
in 2013 we signed a consulting agreement with Mr. Madar’s holding company, Jean Madar Holding SAS, which provides for review
on an annual basis of the amount of compensation payable to such company. The agreement also provides for indemnification for
Mr. Madar and his holding company and a covenant not to compete for one year after termination of the agreement. The agreement
is for one year, with automatic one year renewals unless either party terminates on 120 days’ notice or Mr. Madar ceases
to be the Chief Executive Officer of our company. For 2013 Mr. Madar’s personal holding company received $250,000 for services
rendered outside of the United States by Mr. Madar in his capacity as Chief Executive Officer. For 2014 both the $380,000 annual
base salary of Mr. Madar as well as the $250,000 consulting fee payable to his personal holding company will remain the same as
they were for 2013.
 

31
 

 
Also as discussed above in Executive Compensation,
in 2014, in addition to his base salary which remained at €414,000, Philippe Benacin Holding SAS, Mr. Benacin’s personal
holding company, will receive $250,000 for services rendered and to be rendered outside of the United States by Mr. Benacin for
United States operations, in his capacity as President of our company. Payment is being made from United States operations. A
consulting agreement has been agreed in principle with Mr. Benacin’s holding company, which provides for review on an annual
basis of the amount of compensation payable to such company. The agreement also is to provide for indemnification for Mr. Benacin
and his holding company, and a covenant not to compete for one year after termination of the agreement. The agreement is to be
for one year, with automatic one year renewals unless either party terminates on 120 days’ notice or Mr. Benacin ceases
to be the President of our company.
 
Distribution and Support Arrangements with Clarins
 
During 2010, we formed Interparfums Luxury
Brands, Inc., a Delaware corporation and subsidiary of our majority-owned French subsidiary Interparfums SA, for distribution
of prestige brands in the United States. Interparfums Luxury Brands has also entered into an agreement with Clarins Fragrance
Group US (a Division of Clarins Group) effective January 1, 2011, to share and manage an expanded sales force. Logistical and
administrative support is provided by Clarins Group USA from its Park Avenue offices in New York and its warehouse in Orangeburg,
New York. In addition, in 2011, our Spanish distribution subsidiary also entered into a similar service agreement with a Clarins
subsidiary relating to distribution of prestige fragrances in Spain. In November 2013, Interparfums Luxury Brands and Clarins
U.S.A., Inc. entered into an Extension Agreement, which extended the terms of the Clarins U.S. Services Agreement until June 30,
2015 on the same terms and conditions (the “Clarins Extension Agreement”). Mr. Serge Rosinoer, a former director of our Company
who passed away in January 2014, was the Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Board of Clarins SA, the parent company of both the
Clarins Fragrance Group US and the Clarins subsidiary.
 
Jimmy Choo
 
Interparfums SA and J Choo Limited entered
into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement commencing on January 1, 2010 and expiring on December 31, 2021, for the creation,
development and distribution of fragrances under the Jimmy Choo brand. Mr. Robert Bensoussan, a director of the Corporation, was
a director of J Choo Limited and had an indirect ownership interest in J Choo Limited until July 2011.
 

32
 

 
Yelo and Nickel USA
 
IP Beauty, Inc., formerly Nickel USA, Inc.,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of our company and Yelo, LLC, a related party by virtue of the 3% equity interest in Yelo owned by Mr.
Jean Madar, the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, have entered into an agreement to have Yelo perform management
services at the spa owned and operated by Nickel in New York City for a one (1) year period, subject to subsequent annual renewals
upon agreement of the parties, and Nickel paid Yelo a monthly base fee of $5,000, plus a monthly performance fee based upon a
percentage of increased monthly revenues above a baseline. In December 2013, we sold our Nickel brand and trademarks and the consulting
agreement with Yelo was terminated in January 2014.
 
AUDIT COMMITTEE REPORT
 
The Audit Committee has the sole authority
and is directly responsible for, the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of the independent accountants employed
by our company which prepare or issue an audit report for our company. During 2013 and for the past several years, the Audit Committee
consisted of Messrs. Heilbronn, Levy and Choël.
 
The Company does not have an “audit
committee financial expert” within the definition of the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rules. First, finding
qualified nominees to serve as a director of a public company without substantial financial resources has been challenging. Second,
despite the applicable Securities and Exchange Commission rule which states that being named as the audit committee financial
expert does not impose any greater duty, obligation or liability, the Company has been met with resistance from both present and
former directors to being named as such primarily due to potential additional personal liability.
 
However, as the result of the background,
education and experience of the members of the Audit Committee, our board of directors believes that such committee members are
fully qualified to fulfill their obligations as members of the Audit Committee.
 
Management is responsible for our company’s
internal controls and our financial reporting process. The independent registered public accounting firm we employ, WeiserMazars,
LLP, is responsible for performing an independent audit of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards and to issue a report thereon, as well as, issuing its report on its audit of our management’s
assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee’s responsibility is to monitor and oversee
these processes.
 
In this context, the Audit Committee has
met and held discussions with management and our independent registered public accounting firm. Management represented to the
Audit Committee that our consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the consolidated financial statements with management and the independent registered
public accounting firm. In addition, WeiserMazars LLP discussed with the Audit Committee the results of its audit on management’s
assessment of internal controls over financial reporting. The Audit Committee also discussed with WeiserMazars LLP matters required
to be discussed by Statement on Auditing Standards No. 16 (Communications with Audit Committees).
 

33
 

 
WeiserMazars LLP also provided to the Audit
Committee the written disclosures required by applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding
the independent accountant’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the Audit Committee discussed
with WeiserMazars LLP that firm’s independence.
 
Based upon the Audit
Committee’s discussions with management and WeiserMazars LLP and the Audit Committee’s review of the
representations of management and the report of WeiserMazars LLP to the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee recommended that
our board of directors include the audited consolidated financial statements and management’s report on internal
control over financial reporting, together with the attestation report of WeiserMazars LLP in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2013 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 


 
Francois Heilbronn, Chairman

 
Jean Levy

 
Patrick Choël

 
Independent
Accountants 
 
General 
 
We are not submitting
the selection of auditors to a vote of our shareholders’ as shareholder approval is not required under Delaware law. A representative
of WeiserMazars LLP is expected to be present at the annual meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if he desires to
do so, and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions.
 
Fees
 
The following sets forth the fees billed
to us by WeiserMazars LLP, as well as discusses the services provided for the past two fiscal years, fiscal years ended December
31, 2013 and December 31, 2012.
 
Audit Fees
 
During 2013, the fees billed by WeiserMazars
LLP and its affiliate, Mazars S.A. for audit services and review of the financial statements contained in our Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q were $1.0 million. During 2012, the fees billed by WeiserMazars LLP and its affiliate, Mazars S.A. for audit services
and review of the financial statements contained in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q were $0.9 million.
 

34
 

 
Audit-Related Fees
 
WeiserMazars LLP did not bill us for any
audit-related services during 2013 or 2012.
 
Tax Fees
 
WeiserMazars LLP did not bill us for tax
services during 2013 or 2012.
 
All Other Fees
 
WeiserMazars LLP did not bill us for any
other services during 2013 or 2012.
 
Audit Committee Pre Approval Policies and Procedures
 
The Audit Committee has the sole authority
for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of our independent accountants, who prepare or issue an audit report
for us.
 
During the first quarter of 2013, the audit
committee authorized the following non-audit services to be performed by WeiserMazars LLP.
 

·We authorized
                                         the engagement of WeiserMazars LLP if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation in
                                         the ordinary course of business for fiscal year ended December 31, 2013.
 

·We authorized
                                         the engagement of WeiserMazars LLP if deemed necessary to provide tax consultation as
                                         may be required on a project by project basis that would not be considered in the ordinary
                                         course of business, of up to a $5,000 fee limit per project, subject to an aggregate
                                         fee limit of $25,000 for fiscal year ending December 31, 2013. If we require further
                                         tax services from WeiserMazars LLP, then the approval of the audit committee must be
                                         obtained.
 

·If we require
                                         other services by WeiserMazars LLP on an expedited basis such that obtaining pre-approval
                                         of the audit committee is not practicable, then the Chairman of the Committee has authority
                                         to grant the required pre-approvals for all such services.
 

·We imposed a
                                         cap of $100,000 on the fees that WeiserMazars LLP can charge for services on an expedited
                                         basis that are approved by the Chairman without obtaining full audit committee approval.
 

·None of the non-audit
                                         services of either of the Company’s auditors had the pre-approval requirement waived
                                         in accordance with Rule 2-01(c)(7)(i)(C) of Regulation S-X.
 

35
 

  
In the first quarter of 2014, the audit
committee authorized the same non-audit services to be performed by WeiserMazars LLP during 2013 as disclosed above.
 
PROPOSAL NO. 2:
ADVISORY RESOLUTION TO APPROVE EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 
 
In accordance to the proxy rules under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”) and as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, we are required to provide
our shareholders with an advisory resolution to approve the compensation of our named executive officers as disclosed in the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and the accompanying compensation tables and narrative disclosure. This proposal, commonly known as a
“say-on-pay” proposal, gives shareholders the opportunity to endorse or not endorse our executive compensation as
described in this proxy statement. The Compensation Committee has developed an executive compensation program designed to pay
for performance and to align the long-term interests of our named executive officers with the long-term interests of our shareholders.
We are asking our shareholders to indicate their support for the compensation paid to our named executive officers by voting “FOR”
the following resolution:
 
“RESOLVED, that the compensation paid to Inter
Parfums, Inc.’s named executive officers, as disclosed in accordance with the compensation disclosure rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission, including the compensation discussion and analysis, the compensation tables and related narrative disclosure
included in this proxy statement, is hereby APPROVED.”
 
As provided by the Dodd-Frank Act, this
vote will not be binding on the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee and may not be construed as overruling a decision
by the Board of Directors or the Compensation Committee nor imply any additional fiduciary duty on the Board of Directors. Further,
it will not affect any compensation paid or awarded to any executive officer. Our Board of Directors and Compensation Committee
will, however, take into account the outcome of the vote when considering future executive compensation arrangements. The purpose
of our compensation policies and procedures is to attract and retain experienced, highly qualified executives crucial to our long-term
success and enhancement of shareholder value.
 
Our Board of Directors recommends that shareholders
vote “for” the approval of the vote for the advisory resolution to
approve executive compensation as described in the compensation discussion and analysis and the accompanying compensation tables
and narrative disclosure in this proxy statement.
 
SHAREHOLDERS’ PROPOSALS
 
Proposals of shareholders intended to be
presented at the 2015 annual meeting of shareholders must be received in writing by the Secretary of our company at our principal
offices in New York City, by April 2, 2015, in order to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to that meeting.
 

36
 

 
If a shareholder intends to make a proposal
at the 2015 Annual Meeting, such shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of
our company, in compliance with Section 8 of Article II of our By-Laws. To be timely, a shareholder’s notice to the Secretary
must be delivered to or mailed and received at our principal executive office in New York, not less than sixty (60) days nor more
than ninety (90) days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders i.e., between
June 10, 2015, and July 10, 2015; however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within
thirty (30) days before or after such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder in order to be timely must be so received not
later than the close of business on the tenth (10th) day following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual meeting
was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs.
 
To be in proper written form, a shareholder’s
notice to the Secretary must set forth as to each matter such shareholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting (a) a brief
description of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the
annual meeting, (b) the name and record address of such shareholder, (c) the class or series and number of shares of our capital
stock which are owned-beneficially or of record by such shareholder, (d) a description of all arrangements or understandings between
such shareholder and any other person or persons (including their names) in connection with the proposal of such business by such
shareholder and any material interest of such shareholder in such business and (e) a representation that such shareholder intends
to appear in person or by proxy at the annual meeting to bring such business before the meeting.
 


 
By Order of our board of directors

 
 

   
Michelle Habert, Secretary

 

37
 

 

 


 
 

 

 


 
 

 

 


 

 




Jean Madar Holding SAS: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:58 AM ET

Company Overview of Jean Madar Holding SAS



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Jean Madar Holding SAS
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Jean Madar Holding SAS Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Jean Madar Holding SAS Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jean Madar Holding SAS, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Jean Madar - Biography

















































































Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON

















Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 






4-Traders Homepage  >  News  >  Business Leaders  >  Business Leaders Biography


Business Leaders




Latest NewsCompaniesMarketsEconomy & ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinance ProfessionalsCalendarSectors HomeAll newsMost read newsBusiness Leaders Biography


 
















Jean Madar

Age : 56Public asset : 259,765,964 USDLinked companies :  Inter Parfums, Inc. -  Interparfums SA 





Summary 



Mr. Jean Madar is Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Inter Parfums, Inc., Chief Executive Officer & Director at Inter Parfums Holding SA, and Executive Director at Interparfums.He is on the Board of Directors at Inter Parfums Holding SA and Interparfums.He received his undergraduate degree from ESSEC Business School.



Current positions of Jean Madar 









 NameTitle
Since
 Inter Parfums, Inc.(Personal Products)
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
1985 Interparfums SA(Personal Products)
Executive Director
1982Inter Parfums Holding SA
Chief Executive Officer & Director
1983



Holdings of Jean Madar 










 NameEquities%Valuation

 Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Personal Products 7,087,74822.7%259,765,964 USD



Jean Madar: Personal Network 







 NameLinked companies

Philippe Bénacin Inter Parfums, Inc.Interparfums SAInter Parfums Holding SA 

Patrick Choël Inter Parfums, Inc.Interparfums SA 

Philippe Santi Inter Parfums, Inc.Interparfums SA 

Jean Levy Inter Parfums, Inc.Interparfums SA 

Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Russell Greenberg Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Francois Heilbronn Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Michelle Habert Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Michel Bes Inter Parfums, Inc. 

Axel Marot Interparfums SA 




Most Read News 




07/27 LI KA-SHING : Li Ka-shing's CKI to buy German energy metering firm Ista



07/26DJBERNARD ARNAULT : LVMH's Profit Rises 24% in First Half



07/27 RUPERT MURDOCH : As Murdoch waits, Sky cuts operating costs to protect profits



07/26DJMEG WHITMAN : Meg Whitman Steps Down From HP Board



07/28DJNELSON PELTZ : Procter & Gamble, Peltz Spar on Results -- WSJ



07/28 CARLOS SLIM : Hutchison's Drei buys Tele2 to rival Carlos Slim in Austria



07/26DJDAVID SIMON : Executive Pay Falls for Big Mall Owners as Retail Storm Rages On



07:22a ELON MUSK : Tesla's Musk hands over first Model 3 electric cars to early buyers



07/27DJJEFF BEZOS : Amazon's Jeff Bezos Becomes World's Richest Person



07/28DJELON MUSK : Top Company News of the Day



More news

 


            © 2017 People and Ownership :    









Advertisement








Jean Madar : Connections 



 Lululemon Athletica inc.









Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres




 Inter Parfums, Inc.









Philippe BénacinPatrick ChoëlPhilippe SantiJean LevyRobert Albert Bensoussan-TorresRussell GreenbergFrancois HeilbronnMichelle HabertMichel Bes




 Vivendi SA









Philippe Bénacin




 Interparfums SA









Philippe BénacinPatrick ChoëlPhilippe SantiAxel Marot




Inter Parfums (Suisse) SARL
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





New York State Society of Certified Public Accountants
                                            








Russell Greenberg





Financière Aurénis SAS
                                            








Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres





Inter Parfums Holding SA
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc.
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





Sirius Equity LLP
                                            








Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres





Eaglemoss Ltd.
                                            








Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres





Inter España Parfums et Cosmetiques SL
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





M.M. Friedrich, Heilbronn & Fiszer
                                            








Francois Heilbronn





Inter Parfums SRL
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





Axcess Group SA
                                            








Jean Levy





Interparfums Singapore Pte Ltd.
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





Jeckerson SpA
                                            








Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres





Parfums Rochas Spain SL
                                            








Philippe Bénacin





Celio International SA
                                            








Robert Albert Bensoussan-Torres





Guerlain SA
                                            








Patrick Choël





 







Popular Business Leaders 


 

Bernard Arnault
Mary Barra
Luc Besson
Jeff Bezos
Lloyd Blankfein
Michael Bloomberg
Yannick Bolloré
Warren Buffett
Jean-paul Clozel
Gary Cohn
Marc De Lacharrière
Jamie Dimon
Ralph Dommermuth
Sebastian Ebel
John Edwards
David Einhorn
Jeff Fettig
Mark Fields
Carlos Ghosn
David Henry
Carl Icahn
Li Ka-shing
Michel Landel
Daniel Loeb
Jack Ma
Lakshmi Mittal
Rupert Murdoch
Elon Musk
Peter Nicholas
Xavier Niel
John Paulson
Nelson Peltz
Georges Plassat
Hasso Plattner
Thomas Rabe
Giuseppe Recchi
Wolfgang Reitzle
Wilbur Ross
Charles Schwab
Igor Sechin
Carlos Slim
Pascal Soriot
George Soros
Rupert Stadler
Bernard Tapie
John Williamson
Thomas Wilson
Dieter Zetsche
Mark Zuckerberg



A-Z Business Leaders




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  












 














Slave










Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd.



Overview
Board of Directors Paths
Clients



Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd.



 OVERVIEW



Headquarters


The Riverside Building, Riverside Way, Nottingham Ng2 1dp




Industries


Apparel & Footwear

Holding Companies




Company Description


Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd. operates as a holding company with interests in apparel business. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Riverside Way, GB.






                          Board of Directors                        



Masahiro Morofuji

Deputy General Manager, Cp & Citic Business Development at ITOCHU Corporation




John Morley

Chairman at Paul Smith France SAS







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd.



                        Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Paul Smith Group Holdings Ltd..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Clients



Companies ▾




Interparfums


                                                                                     •  Paris, IF                                                                            

                                        Interparfums engages in the design, manufacture, and sale of cosmetics and fragrances. It distributes its products through the following brands: Balmain, Boucheron, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Lanvin, Montblanc, Paul Smith, Repetto, S.T. Dupont, and Van Cleef & Arpels. The company was founded by Philippe Bénacin and Jean Madar in 1982 and is headquartered in Paris, France.
                                    




Evergreen International Holdings Ltd.


                                                                                     •  George Town, GT                                                                            

                                        Evergreen International Holdings Ltd. operates as an investment holding company, which engages in the manufacturing and trading of clothing and clothing accessories. The firm owns and manages two brands, V.E. DELURE and TESTANTIN. The V.E. DELURE brand offers business formal and casual menswear and accessories targeting men. The TESTANTIN brand offers contemporary and chic casual menswear and accessories targeting younger and more fashion conscious men. The company was founded on June 26, 2008 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, China.
                                    






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















JEAN MADAR HOLDING SAS Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      JEAN MADAR HOLDING SAS
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Jean Madar Holding SAS is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from JEAN MADAR HOLDING SAS, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




jean madar holding sas


C/O INTER PARFUMS, INC.

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10176


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      2129832640







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 01/04/2017
4 filed on 11/30/2016
4 filed on 01/04/2016
4 filed on 12/15/2015
4 filed on 01/05/2015
4 filed on 12/19/2014
4/A filed on 02/07/2014
4 filed on 02/07/2014
4 filed on 01/02/2014
4/A filed on 01/02/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



























Jean Madar Holding Sas - Inter Parfums Insider Transactions | TipRanks   





Go ProLogin / Sign Up Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsInsider DetailsJean Madar Holding SasInter Parfums (IPAR)Ten Percent Owner Not RankedJean Madar Holding Sas's PerformanceJean Madar Holding Sas has not reported any informative transactions and therefore cannot be ranked.How are Insiders Ranked? Insider Holdings 100.0% Inter Parfums (IPAR)$289MSee the Top Stocks by Insiders > Insider RolesInter Parfums (IPAR): Ten Percent OwnerSee the Top 25 Corporate Insiders > Most Profitable Insider TradeStock: Inter Parfums (IPAR)Transaction Type: Informative BuyDates: Dec 19, 2011 - Dec 19, 2012Gain: +0.0%See the Latest Stocks Traded by Insiders > Jean Madar Holding Sas's Trading Historybased on Form 4 Follow✓Get Real Time TransactionsCompany NameInsider PositionHolding ValueLast TransactionLast Transaction  AmountLast Transaction DateIPARInter ParfumsTen Percent Owner$288,593,240Informative Buy(undisclosed)Dec 19, 2011Jean Madar Holding Sas has not reported any informative transactions for IPAR, therefore, performance cannot be measured. Track Record DateTransactionAmountNo. of SharesPrice per ShareProfitForm 4 Dec 19, 2011 Informative Buy (undisclosed) 7,222,341 $14.578 N/A See All Insider Trading from Today >You May Also LikeMeet our Smart Portfolio. See what top analysts say about your stocks.Get a breakdown of the different strategies based on detected insider trading activity.Find the best performing Analyst in each sector. Follow them so you never miss a recommendation.Related LinksHow can I benefit from Insider Trading? >See the Top 25 Corporate Insiders >Go to Hot Stocks by Insiders >Find which stocks Insiders traded today >Become a TipRanks MemberGet the best Investing Tips & Hacks straight to your emailFree MembershipSubmitInsider Trading Daily NewsletterProfessional day-trading strategy based on predictive insider transactionsAnnual Return: +85.42%Learn More >Powered by


























Interparfums company : Shareholders, managers and business summary | Euronext Paris: ITP | 4-Traders














































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Euronext Paris  >  Interparfums    ITP   FR0004024222 DOWNLOAD REPORT










     INTERPARFUMS (ITP)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/28 05:35:03 pm

32.18
EUR
 
-2.31%










07/14 INTERPARFUMS : Hony and Michael Kors vie for £800m Jimmy Choo


07/10INTERPARFUMS : A new test of the support level


06/13 INTERPARFUMS : BONUS ISSUE: 1 new share for 10 existing shares

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions 


















 










Business Summary


Manufactures and distributes perfumes and cosmeticsInterparfums engages in designing, manufacturing, and sale of cosmetics and fragrances.It distributes its products through the following brands: Balmain, Boucheron, Jimmy Choo, Karl Lagerfeld, Lanvin, Montblanc, Paul Smith, Repetto, S.T. Dupont, and Van Cleef & Arpels.The company operates through two segments: Perfumes and Fashion.Interparfums was founded by Philippe Bénacin and Jean Madar in 1982 and is headquartered in Paris, France.Number of employees : 257 persons.
 





Sales per Businesses











20152016DeltaEUR (in Million)%EUR (in Million)%Perfumes327.41100%365.65100% +11.68%



Sales per Regions











20152016DeltaEUR (in Million)%EUR (in Million)%North America75.8323.2%98.1626.8% +29.44%Western Europe73.9322.6%83.7822.9% +13.32%Asia48.1414.7%53.2714.6% +10.66%Eastern Europe38.8811.9%33.729.2% -13.28%Middle East30.959.5%32.368.8% +4.56%France29.509%33.209.1% +12.54%South America24.127.4%24.546.7% +1.74%Africa5.041.5%4.561.2% -9.43%Rochas Fashion License Revenues1.030.3%2.080.6% +101.16%



Managers










 NameAgeSinceTitlePhilippe Bénacin581982Chairman & Chief Executive OfficerAxel Marot432003VP-Operations, Supply Chain & ProductionPhilippe Santi551995Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director & EVPJean Madar561982Executive DirectorFrédéric Garcia-Pelayo581994Executive Director & Chief International OfficerMaurice Alhadève742004Independent Non-Executive DirectorPatrick Choël732004Non-Executive DirectorChantal Roos732009Independent Non-Executive DirectorDominique Cyrot662012Independent Non-Executive DirectorMarie-Ange Verdickt EMBA552014Independent Non-Executive Director 



Equities


 











Vote QuantityFloatCompany-owned sharesTotal Float


Share A
1
39,059,662
10,738,317
27.5%
57,677
0.1%
27.5% 

 


Shareholders









 NameEquities%Inter Parfums, Inc. 28,322,582
                72.5%Amundi Asset Management SA (Investment Management)                516,271
                1.32%BNP Paribas Investment Partners Belgium SA                407,837
                1.04%NNIP Advisors BV                319,440
                0.82%Allianz Global Investors GmbH                316,988
                0.81%Lazard Frères Gestion SAS                271,700
                0.70%Financière de l'Échiquier SA                220,979
                0.57%The Vanguard Group, Inc.                216,580
                0.55%La Banque Postale Asset Management SA                173,304
                0.44%DNCA Finance SA                141,083
                0.36% 



Holdings










 NameEquities%Valuation
Interparfums (ITP)            82,9940.21%3,136,046 USD
 







Sector
Consumer Non-CyclicalPersonal & Household Products & Services Personal & Household Products & Services  Personal Products   Cosmetics & Perfumes
 





Sector Cosmetics & Perfumes


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

INTERPARFUMS32.24%1 477





L'ORÉAL4.41%115 646

KAO CORP22.78%30 415

AMOREPACIFIC CORP--.--%16 864

COTY INC8.19%15 356

SHISEIDO COMPANY, LIMITED31.89%14 097

AMOREPACIFIC GROUP--.--%9 530

KOSE CORPORATION27.70%6 786

ORIFLAME HOLDING AG15.56%2 028

KOREA KOLMAR CO LTD--.--%1 386

FANCL CORP42.76%1 370

INTER PARFUMS, INC.16.18%1 205

COSMAX INC--.--%975

ABLE C&C CO LTD--.--%356

CHLITINA HOLDING LTD--.--%335

COSMECCA KOREA CO LTD--.--%301

TONYMOLY CO LTD--.--%297

LEADERS COSMETICS CO LTD--.--%245

ALÈS GROUPE12.36%230

SK BIO LAND CO LTD--.--%222

NEOPHARM CO., LTD.--.--%215


Sector Cosmetics & Perfumes
 


Connections : Interparfums



Wavestone SA








Marie-Ange Verdickt





Vivendi SA








Philippe Bénacin





Inter Parfums, Inc.








Philippe BénacinPhilippe SantiJean MadarPatrick Choël





Bonduelle SCA








Marie-Ange Verdickt





ABC Arbitrage SA








Marie-Ange Verdickt



Benefit Cosmetics LLC








Patrick Choël




FIME SAS








Dominique Cyrot




Inter Parfums SRL








Philippe BénacinFrédéric Garcia-Pelayo




Centre de Recherche et d'Etudes pour l'Alimentation








Chantal Roos




Interparfums Singapore Pte Ltd.








Philippe Bénacin




Inter España Parfums et Cosmetiques SL








Philippe BénacinFrédéric Garcia-Pelayo




Interparfums Luxury Brands, Inc.








Philippe Bénacin




Université 82








Patrick Choël




The French Society of Financial Analysts








Marie-Ange Verdickt




Roos & Roos








Chantal Roos




Inter Parfums (Suisse) SARL








Philippe Bénacin




Inter Parfums Holding SA








Philippe BénacinJean Madar




Parfums Rochas Spain SL








Philippe Bénacin




Ecole Supérieure du Parfum








Maurice Alhadève




Guerlain SA








Patrick Choël




Institut Français Des Administrateurs








Marie-Ange Verdickt






Company contact information
4 rond-point des Champs-ElyséesFR-75008 ParisFrancePhone : +33 (0)1 53 77 00 00Fax : +33 (0)1 40 74 08 42Internet : http://www.interparfums.fr


Markets and indexes
 


- PEA / SRD eligible : YES / YES- Euronext Paris- Compartiment B- CAC All Shares / CAC All-Tradable, CAC Mid Small, CAC Small, EnterNext© PEA-PME 150, PEA, PEA-PME




Stock Exchange Codes
 


- ISIN Code : 
 FR0004024222


- Bloomberg Code : 
 ITP:FP


- Reuters Code : 
 IPAR.PA


- Datastream Code : 
 F:IPAR


 


            © 2017 People , Fundamentals and Ownership    


            © 2017 Cofisem    








 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





