
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017




JEFFREY EDDOWES LLC Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    JEFFREY EDDOWES LLC











Company number L17000143242
        

Status Active
        

FEI number


Company Type Florida Limited Liability
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 7/1/2017
        

Principal Address
            720 CELEBRATION AVE, 100, CELEBRATION, 34747
            


Mailing Address 720 CELEBRATION AVE, 100, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747
        
JEFFREY EDDOWES LLC Principals

Manager
                Eddowes Jeffrey
                 


Address
                720 CELEBRATION AVE  SUITE 100, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747
                 



Manager
                Eddowes Jeffrey
                 


Address
                720 CELEBRATION AVE, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747
                 



Manager
                Eddowes Jeffrey
                 


Address
                720 CELEBRATION AVE, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name EDDOWES             JEFFREY (p)
        

Agent Address
                720 CELEBRATION AVE, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747
                

Description
JEFFREY EDDOWES LLC has been set up 7/1/2017 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Active. The JEFFREY EDDOWES LLC principal adress is 720 CELEBRATION AVE, 100, CELEBRATION, 34747. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 720 CELEBRATION AVE, 100, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747. 
The company`s registered agent is EDDOWES             JEFFREY 720 CELEBRATION AVE, CELEBRATION, FL, 34747.  
The company`s management are Manager - Eddowes Jeffrey, Manager - Eddowes Jeffrey, Manager - Eddowes Jeffrey.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
JEFFREY E. DEW, LLC
JEFFREY EDWARDS & CO., INC.
JEFFREY EDWARDS P.A.
JEFFREY E. FEILER, P.A.
JEFFREY E. FERENCE, P.A.
JEFFREY EGIZIO PA














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Defective Medical Products :: Boston Defective Medical Device Lawyer Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman, LLC                             Contact Us Now: (617) 367-2900 Tap Here To Call Us       Boston Defective Medical Device Lawyer Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman, LLC Home Contact Cambridge, Massachusetts Medical Device Recall Attorney Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman, LLC    Home  Attorneys  Jeffrey S. Glassman  Kelly M. Neumann   Traver Clinton Smith, Jr   Michael D'Isola   J. Morgan Hargrove   Ryan Monaco   Robert T. Naumes Jr.  Marcus Walker   L. David Ferrari   Michelle Hodgman   Julie Lamkin   Laura Kiley   Michael Morancy   Andrew Fischer   Andrew Brodie   Sarah Santiano   Andrew Smollett   Matthew Bly   Matthew French     Practice Areas  Car Accidents  Truck Accidents  Motorcycle Accidents  Bicycle Accident  Premises Liability  Mesothelioma  Medical Malpractice  Birth Injuries  Defective Medical Products  Dangerous Drugs  Injury Types  Wrongful Death  Workers' Compensation  Social Security Disability  Other Personal Injury    Testimonials  Successes  Community  Blogs    Replanting the Trees We Use    Scholarship      Referrals  FAQs  Car Accident FAQs    Motor Vehicle Accident FAQs    Premises/Negligent Security Liability FAQs    Mesothelioma FAQs    Medical Malpractice FAQs    Product Liability FAQs    Defective Hip FAQs    Transvaginal Mesh FAQs    Wrongful Death FAQs    Employment Law FAQs    Workers' Compensation FAQs    Social Security Disability FAQs      Contact Us         Phone: (617) 367-2900  We Will Travel To You                   Home > Personal Injury > Defective Medical Products     Defective Medical Products Every year, thousands of products are recalled due to poor performance, bad quality, faulty designs or other defects. Some manufacturers fail to even take the responsibility of issuing a recall when products don’t perform as promised or advertised. This failure is particularly egregious when people are seriously injured or killed as a result.Massachusetts product liability attorneys at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman are dedicated to representing clients in products liability injury lawsuits stemming from defective products.From tainted food to defective airbags to malfunctioning appliances, the number of recalls in the U.S. has spiked more than 60 percent over the last decade. The Consumer Product Safety Commission, U.S. Food and Drug Administration and Department of Agriculture noted a 14 percent increase in a single year. Currently, we are averaging about 6.5 recalls daily, or about 2,365 each year.In looking solely at pharmaceutical products, for example, there were a total of 246 recalls issued in 2010. In 2013, there were 1,225 pharmaceuticals recalled – an increase of nearly 400 percent in just three years. (It tapered slightly to 836 recalled pharmaceuticals in 2014).Examples of defective products include:Automotive products (tires, brakes, child car seats, airbags, steering columns, seat belts, etc.)Medical products (pacemakers, prosthetic devices, hip implants, knee implants, vaginal mesh, etc.)Food productsFurnitureHousehold productsBaby productsChildren’s toysElectronicsUnderstanding the Recall ProcessThe fact that an increasing number of products are being recalled tells us two things. The first is that regulators and in some cases manufacturers are getting better at policing safety of these products. However, it also tells us many products are not meeting required standards, which is deeply concerning when we’re talking about the food we eat, vehicles we drive, beds in which our children sleep and a host of other products we consume or bring into our homes.Recalls can be initiated in a number of different ways. In some cases, it is the manufacturer who discovers an issue, sometimes through consumer complaint or report, and contacts federal regulators directly.Other times, inspections of manufacturing facilities turn up evidence of some problem, such as unsanitary practices or improper testing. This too could lead to a recall.In some cases, samples of the products tested by federal regulators alert authorities to an irregularity or safety concern. For example, a child’s toy might contain high levels of lead or a seat belt doesn’t perform as it should to keep passengers safe.Unfortunately in many cases, recalls aren’t initiated until someone is seriously injured, sickened or killed as a result of a product’s defect. Such instances are reported to federal regulators by way of state health departments, public safety officials or directly from consumers.Once a problem is verified, companies may choose to voluntarily issue a recall or regulators may need to put pressure on companies to do so. If it’s later determined the company did not act quickly enough to protect consumers, regulatory sanctions may be taken.To be clear: A recall does not absolve a company of liability for a defective or dangerous product. While consumers do need to be diligent in following recall reports, that information isn’t always timely received and regardless, the company is still liable for whatever illness or injury their product causes.Types of Product Liability ClaimsA person who is injured in Boston as a result of a defective product will generally have at least one of three claims: Defective design, defective manufacturing or failure to warn.With each claim, plaintiff (the injured person or surviving loved one) will need to show:Injury or loss sufferedProduct is defectiveDefect caused injury or lossProduct was being used as intended or as was foreseeableThe type of product liability claim you pursue will depend on the individual facts of the case.Defective design. This is when design of a product is deemed inherently defective or dangerous. Here, the assertion is that the entire line or products is inherently dangerous, even though the product was made according to manufacturer specifications.Defective manufacture. This is a claim that alleges there was some flaw or error in making a product. This usually indicates a problem at the factory level, which results from one product or batch of products being different than the others. An example would be a contaminated batch of cold medicine or a chainsaw with a missing chain brake.Failure to warn. This type of claim alleges the company did not provide adequate warning or instruction about proper use or potential problems. Usually, these claims must involve some type of notice of a danger that isn’t obvious to the user. Contact the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman today for a free and confidential consultation.  Call (617) 367-2900 – NO FEE UNLESS SUCCESSFUL     Medical Device Recalls Hip Recalls Depuy Hip Replacement Stryker Hip Defects Zimmer Nexgen Knee IVC Filter Transvaginal Mesh Dialysis Malpractice Denture Cream injuries Atrium Hernia Mesh Talcum Powder  Physiomesh Injury Lawsuits C-QUR Hernia Mesh        Boston Personal Injury Attorney Blog - Defective Products  



Court: Makers of Dangerous Medical Devices Must Warn Purchasers, Not Just Doctors 
The manufacturer of a surgical device had a duty to warn the purchasers  not just the doctors  of its potential dangers. That's according



Mitchell v. City of Warren: Products Liability Personal Injury Cases 
Mitchell v. City of Warren, a case from the United States Court of Appeal for the Sixth Circuit, involved a rather unusual set of circumstances that



Boston Hospital Treats Man After Weed Trimmer Shoots Nail in Eye 
According to a recent news report from the Calgary Herald, a man was operating his string trimmer (commonly called a "weed eater" or weed whacker")



        Contact Us  Tell us your story  Phone: (617) 367-2900           Name (Required)      Email (Required)      Phone (Required)       Message          Submit      Connect              Personal Injury    Car Accidents   Truck Accidents   Motorcycle Accidents   Bus Accidents   Subway Accidents   Bicycle Accident   Other Vehicular Accidents   Pedestrian Accident   Premises Liability   Aviation Accidents   Dog Bite   Bad Faith Insurance Claims    Mass Tort   Toxic Tort   Mesothelioma   Medical Malpractice   Birth Injuries   Nursing Home Negligence   Dangerous & Defective Equipment Accidents   Defective Medical Products  Medical Device Recalls  Hip Recalls  Depuy Hip Replacement  Stryker Hip Defects  Zimmer Nexgen Knee  IVC Filter  Transvaginal Mesh  Dialysis Malpractice  Denture Cream injuries  Atrium Hernia Mesh  Talcum Powder   Physiomesh Injury Lawsuits  C-QUR Hernia Mesh     Dangerous Drugs   Construction Accidents   Injury Types   Wrongful Death   Other Personal Injury Cases   Workers' Compensation    Social Security Disability   Communities               Client Reviews              Choosing Jeffrey Glassman law firm was the best decision I could ever have made. They treated me with complete respect and made me feel protected.   Kate Y, Google User   ★★★★★        I am so happy that I decided to sign on with the Law office of Jeffrey Glassman. This law firm met all my expectations and more, I would highly recommend them.   Anne Nadeau, Google User   ★★★★★        I am very happy with the services they provide. Although I hate that I have been in pain since the accident I am very grateful I had someone working hard on my side. With so many firms in the area, it's hard to know which one to choose; this is a firm that will definitely put 110% into your case!   Julie Tran, Google User   ★★★★★        Jeffrey Glassman and his associates were great. They were with me from the beginning to the end and kept me informed throughout the process. I would recommend this law firm.   Ann S, Yelp User   ★★★★★        I used the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman for a painful and frustrating worker's comp case and had an absolutely fantastic experience. They were attentive, professional, knowledgeable, transparent, and genuinely caring. I can't recommend them highly enough.   Anna K, Yelp User   ★★★★★                                      Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman LLC  1 International Pl 18th Floor Boston, MA 02110    Phone: (617) 367-2900  Fax: (617) 722-9999     * Cases worked by our law firm and in conjunction with a partnering law firm.Disclaimer – The settlements above are only a sample of cases represented by our office. Each case is different and the amount of a potential resolution of your case will vary considerably depending on a substantial amount of factors.We serve the following localities: Bristol County including Fall River; Suffolk County including Boston, Jamaica Plain, and Revere; Middlesex County including Cambridge, Framingham, Lowell, Malden, Newton, Somerville, and Waltham; Norfolk County including Brookline, Quincy, and Weymouth; Essex County including Haverhill, Lawrence, Lynn, and Salem; Worcester County including Fitchburg, Leominster, and Worcester; and Plymouth County including Brockton and Plymouth.     Home   Disclaimer   Site Map   Contact Us     Defective Medical Products :: Boston Defective Medical Device Lawyer Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman, LLC Copyright © 2017,  Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman LLC   Justia Law Firm Website Design                   



Jeffrey James
















To navigate this site, Javascript must be enabled.


























Products | RA Jeffreys











































Home
About

Overview
Open Positions
Our Team
Service Areas
Our Breweries
Corporate Responsibility
Community Involvement
Careers


Beer

View by Category
View by Territory


Wine
Events

Party Planning


Contact
Find Our Products
General Information












Home
About

Overview
Open Positions
Our Team
Service Areas
Our Breweries
Corporate Responsibility
Community Involvement
Careers


Beer

View by Category
View by Territory


Wine
Events

Party Planning


Contact
Find Our Products
General Information








 Products











Anheuser Busch Inbev

 






Craft Beer

 






Non Alcohol






R. A. Jeffreys distributes products by Anheuser-Busch InBev (ABI), Corona Brands, Sweetwater and other suppliers across 36 counties in North Carolina. R. A. Jeffreys also distributes a variety of non-alcoholic products including Monster Energy, Nestle, Taste of Florida and others.












 









										© 
					R.A. Jeffreys Distributing Company, LLC.  All rights reserved.					
Terms
Site Credits




R.A. Jeffreys Distributing Company, LLC420 Civic BlvdRaleigh, NC 27610(919) 833-3609


Phone: (919) 833-3609 












Defective Vehicles Category Archives — Page 2 of 2 — Product Liability Lawyer Blog Published by Boston, Massachusetts Product Liability Attorneys — Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman, LLC





























 





















  Free Consultation: (888) 367-2900 Tap Here To Call Us   







 
							Product Liability Lawyer Blog

Published By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman LLC









Product Liability Lawyer Blog



 





Articles Posted in Defective Vehicles 












Published on: April 10, 2016
 Nester v. Textron, Inc. – Defective Equipment Lawsuit Ends in $16M Verdict for Plaintiff


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


A Texas woman was awarded nearly $16 million against a Rhode Island company after she became quadriplegic after a utility vehicle ran her over while she was working on her family’s farm. 
The $15.8 million verdict is reportedly the highest personal injury damage award doled out in the federal U.S. Western District of Texas, though plaintiff will reportedly only receive about half of that due to a finding of 50 percent contributory negligence. Based on Texas’ modified comparative fault with a 51 percent bar (the same standard used in Massachusetts), that was almost enough to prohibit collection of any damages at all.
According to court records in Nestor v. Textron, Inc., the accident involved a vehicle called the E-Z-Go Workhorse cart. It looks something like a golf cart, but it’s designed to haul material. It was December 2011 and plaintiff was working alone on the ranch, using the vehicle to help her with feeding and moving livestock around the property. Plaintiff alleges that she stopped at a gate to open it. She took her foot off the accelerator, which stopped the engine. However, as she was opening the gate with her back to the vehicle, one of the cubes of cattle feed fell onto the acceleration pedal. The engine started. The vehicle thrust forward. The force knocked her to the ground and the vehicle ran her over. As a result, she is now paralyzed from the neck down.  Continue reading















Published on: February 28, 2016
 Ford Recalling Nearly 400,000 Ranger Pickups After Airbag Death


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


According to a recent news article from CBS, Ford Motor Company is recalling approximately 391,000 Ford Ranger pickups manufactured between the years 2004 and 2006 after man died as a result on an airbag explosion.
The recall was announced a few days after officials in South Carolina announced that a 52-year-old man from Kershaw was killed as result one of these defective airbags. Authorities say he was driving his Ford Ranger when he crashed into a cow that was in the road. After hitting the cow, he spun into a fence. His airbag deployed at some point during this accident, either when he hit the cow or the fence. Continue reading















Published on: December 28, 2015
 Daniel v. Ford Motor Company: Products Liability Cases


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


Daniel v. Ford Motor Company, a case from the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, involved a plaintiff who filed a class action lawsuit against defendant in which he alleged that defendant breached its implied and express warranties and also engaged in fraud when selling vehicles with a defectively manufactured rear suspension system.
In the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC) as adopted by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, any merchant who sells a product to a consumer makes an implied warranty of merchantability. In this context, merchant means a regular seller of goods of a type. For example, if you buy a toaster oven from Sears, they are regular seller of that item and are therefore a merchant of goods of that kind. On the other hand, if you buy a lawnmower off Craigslist, it is more likely than not that the seller of the lawnmower was a not a lawnmower dealer but was simply selling his or her own used lawnmower. Since the seller is not a merchant, he or she is not giving an implied warranty of merchantability. However, he or she would still be liable for negligence if there was a known defect that caused a personal injury to buyer, and that known defect was never disclosed. Continue reading















Published on: March 28, 2015
 Book v. Voma Tire Corporation: Defective Products Litigation


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


Book v. Voma Tire Corp., a case from the Supreme Court of Iowa, involved a lawsuit brought by the mother of a teen employee of an automotivbe shop. The shop, owned by teen’s father, purchased four tires from an Iowa retailer, and the tires were manufactured in China.
In 2009, plaintiff’s son was working part time at the service shop through an apprenticeship program administered by his high school.  The shop agreed to install four new tires on a customer’s horse trailer.  The shop purchased the new tires from the Iowa retailer and began installing them on customer’s horse trailer.  The teens’ father/shop owner attempted to set a 16.5″ inch tire on an older model 16″ rim.  According to court records, this was a common mistake in the auto service industry.
The father was distracted when the telephone rang and left the tire mounted on the wheel, but it was not yet fully inflated.  When plaintiff’s son and fellow employee walked into the shop, they began to air up the tire without checking with the father.  The tire exploded and severely injured plaintiff’s son.  He was blinded in one eye, and lost part of his jaw.  He also lost most of his sense of taste and smell as result of the tire explosion.  He has undergone extensive rehabilitation and seen dozens of specialists to treat his injuries.
Continue reading















Published on: March 22, 2015
 Graco to Pay $10 Million to Settle Defective Car Seat Claims


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


According to a recent news report from the New York Times, Graco has agreed to pay $10 million to settle a lawsuit alleging defendant took too long to settle claims that it failed to act quickly to recall 4 million defective car seats.
Plaintiffs alleged defendant’s car seats were manufactured with a defective buckle, making it hard for first responders and parents to free a child in the event of an emergency, and federal regulators confirmed the problem.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) stated defendant would pay $3 million to plaintiffs and spend an additional $7 million to develop safety programs to prevent future injuries to children.  Defendant was not required to accept liability as part of the settlement and has continued to allege any problem with the buckles was only caused by children spilling food and beverages on them.
Continue reading















Published on: February 15, 2015
 2014 Had Highest Auto Recall Numbers in U.S. History


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


With the recent announcement by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that another 2.1 million vehicles are recalled due to faulty crash sensors that could result in sudden and unnecessary airbag deployment, we see a continuation of what was an especially awful year for the auto industry – and consumers.

Reports are that 2014 was a record year for auto recalls in the U.S., with 60 million vehicles recalled between Jan. 1 and Dec. 30. That is more than twice as many as the previous annual record number of recalls, which was set in 2004.
With a total of 700 vehicle recall announcements last year, it averaged out to about two every day, with one in five vehicles on the road affected.
Continue reading















Published on: November 7, 2013
 Defective Airbags Lead to Vehicle Recall


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


Air bags are supposed to protect you in the event of an accident and if an air bag does not deploy when it is needed, serious or even fatal injury could result.  At the same time, an air bag deploys at high speeds and if it deploys at the wrong time, it could cause a devastating accident.   Because it is so important for air bags to work correctly, vehicle manufacturers must exercise care in the design and installation of air bags to ensure there are no problems.  
Unfortunately, issues have arisen with air bags in certain Toyota vehicles including the 2012 and 2013 Toyota Camry, Camry Hybrid, Avalon, Avalon Hybrid and Venza vehicles. Our Boston defective products lawyers know that Toyota has recalled 885,000 vehicles worldwide as a result of potential air bag problems. An estimated 803,000 of the vehicles affected by the recall, including both crossovers and sedans, were sold in the United States.   Drivers need to be sure to check if their vehicle is among the cars being recalled by Toyota so you can follow the manufacturer instructions and avoid injury from the dangerous vehicle defect.
Continue reading















Published on: October 28, 2013
 Toyota Settles Case After $3 Million Jury Verdict


By Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman






 


In 2010, Toyota vehicles began accelerating unintentionally, causing the company to stop production and sales of eight vehicle models and to recall 2.3 million vehicles.  Toyota’s reputation was damaged and the company has been subject to many lawsuits both from plaintiffs who were injured or who lost family members, and from plaintiffs who experienced a decline in the resale value of the vehicles. 
Our Boston defective products lawyers know that Toyota can be held responsible if it is found that their products were dangerous when used as intended and caused harm to plaintiffs. Now, Toyota has suffered the first loss in court in an unintended acceleration case, which prompted Toyota to then settle several claims after the jury awarded $3 million to a plaintiff in an unattended acceleration case.
Continue reading













  
 
Tell us your story

Toll Free: 888-367-2900
Local: 617-367-2900



















Submit




  
FREE CONSULTATION
NO FEE UNLESS SUCCESSFUL







Topics
DePuy Hip (56)
Testosterone therapy (55)
Stryker Knee (52)
transvaginal mesh (47)
Xarelto (46)
Defective Medical Device (39)
product liability (36)
dangerous drugs (30)
Pradaxa (21)
Stryker Hip (20)
Defective Vehicles (18)
Food Poisoning (16)
View More TopicsSearch 


Search 


Our Other Blogs 
Boston Car Accident Lawyer Blog
Boston Drunk Driving Accident Lawyer Blog
Boston Personal Injury Attorney Blog
Massachusetts Social Security Disability Lawyers Blog
Mesothelioma Lawyers Blog
Massachusetts Workers Compensation Lawyers Blog
Bike Accident Lawyers Blog

  Recent Entries 

Products Liability Claims involving Dangerous Vehicles


Xarelto and Pradaxa Lawsuits Rise – Fresh Look at Risk for Vs. Reward


Boston Researchers Find More Pain for Knee Replacement with Opioid Use


   











 


















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































