Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. 8-K Apr.  7, 2017 12:17 PM | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (JMDA)FORM 8-K | Current reportApr.  7, 2017 12:17 PM|About: Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (JMDA)View as PDF

 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (Form: 8-K, Received: 04/07/2017 12:18:24) 

















	 





	 





	UNITED
	STATES






	SECURITIES
	AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION






	Washington,
	DC 20549






	 






	FORM
	8-K






	 






	CURRENT
	REPORT






	 





	Pursuant
	to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




	 




	Date
	of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 7, 2017





	 








	Jerrick
	Media Holdings, Inc.





	(Exact
	name of registrant as specified in its charter)




	 







	Nevada





	 





	000-51872





	 





	87-0645394







	(State
	or other jurisdiction of

	incorporation or organization)




	 




	(Commission
	File Number)




	 




	(IRS
	Employer

	Identification No.)






	 





	 




	 





	202
	S. Dean St. Englewood, NJ 07631





	 




	 






	 




	 




	(Address
	of principal executive offices)




	 




	 







	 






	(201)
	258-3770





	(Registrant's
	telephone number, including area code)




	 




	 




	(Former
	name or former address, if changed since last report)




	 




	Check
	the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
	under any of the following provisions (

	see

	 General Instruction A.2. below):




	 






	☐



	Written

	communications
	pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)






	 






	☐



	Soliciting

	material
	pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)






	 






	☐



	Pre-commencement

	communications
	pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))






	 






	☐



	Pre-commencement

	communications
	pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))






	 





	 









	 





	 





	 






	 






	Cautionary
	Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements





	 




	This
	Current Report on Form 8-K includes information that may constitute forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements
	are based on the Company’s current beliefs, assumptions and expectations regarding future events, which in turn are based
	on information currently available to the Company. By their nature, forward-looking statements address matters that are subject
	to risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements include, without limitation, statements relating to projected industry
	growth rates, the Company’s current growth rates and the Company’s present and future cash flow position. A variety
	of factors could cause actual events and results, as well as the Company’s expectations, to differ materially from those
	expressed in or contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Risk factors affecting the Company are discussed in detail in
	the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update
	or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent
	required by applicable securities laws.





	 






	Item
	7.01






	Regulation
	FD Disclosure.





	 




	Pursuant
	to Regulation FD, Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby furnishes investor presentation materials
	in the form of a letter (the “Presentation Material”) written by the Company to update current shareholders as well
	potential investors of the Company’s business strategy and focus over the next eighteen months as it prepares the release
	of the second version of its digital platform Vocal 2.0. The Company will present the Presentation Material to investors, shareholders
	and/or customers on or after April 7, 2017. 




	 




	The
	information furnished under this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed
	to be “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise
	subject to the liabilities of that section. The Presentation Material can also be found on our website at


	https://jerrick.media/investor-relations


	.





	 






	Item
	9.01








	Financial
	Statements and Exhibits.





	 




	The
	following exhibits are furnished as part of this Current Report on Form 8-K:




	 




	(d)
	Exhibits.




	 






	99.1




	Presentation
	Material






	 







	 



	2



	 








	 





	 







	SIGNATURE






	 





	Pursuant
	to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
	by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.




	 






	 





	JERRICK
	MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.







	 




	 






	Dated:
	April 7, 2017




	By: 




	/s/
	Jeremy Frommer






	 




	 




	Jeremy
	Frommer

	Chief Executive Officer







	 






	 





	3






	 


















	Exhibit
	99.1





	 





	Forward-looking
	Statements 





	 




	Certain
	matters discussed in this presentation contain statements, estimates and projections about the growth of Jerricks’ business,
	potential partnerships, new features, and related business strategy. Such statements, estimates and projections may constitute
	forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Factors or events that could cause our actual results
	to differ may emerge from time to time. Jerrick undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements,
	whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The recipient of this information is cautioned not to place
	undue reliance on forward-looking statements.




	 




	JERRICK
	MEDIA INVESTOR UPDATE




	 




	On
	Friday, March 31, 2017, Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. (the “Company” or Jerrick”) filed its first 10-K, completing
	its first full year as a publicly traded company. This marks a pivotal moment in our company’s evolution that transcends
	the scope of a conventional shareholder letter; instead, calling for a broader communiqué that encompasses Jerrick Media’s
	genesis through its evolution to become a multi-media digital content publishing house built on its own proprietary technology
	and distribution platform.




	 




	Over
	the last few years, many of our investors have watched our management team cultivate Jerrick’s business model into a diversified
	and versatile enterprise focused on the emerging digital community revolution. The underlying strategy shaping the design of Jerrick
	was founded on the simple concept of business arbitrage: creating profit from the simultaneous purchase and sale of assets. Evolving
	our pilot platform, “Forum” to “Vocal”, and the subsequent creation of digital social communities has
	provided opportunities for Jerrick, our contributors and our readers to benefit intellectually and financially.




	 




	After
	building, testing and installing Vocal and its proprietary monetization and optimization tools, our next step is the global implementation
	of the updated revenue producing components to the Vocal platform within the next 120 days. We anticipate that our Vocal 2.0 version
	will have a significant impact on our business and corporate objectives. Our goal over the next year is to track over 8 million
	unique monthly visitors to our community sites with 16 million monthly page views.  This 12-month target represents nearly
	an eight-fold increase over current levels and well above the five million unique monthly visitor threshold at which advertisers
	launch their major campaigns. Importantly, with our multi-source revenue stream business model based on digital arbitrage, we
	anticipate achieving profitable growth in 2018.




	 




	As
	Jerrick has evolved over the last two years, so has our overall market opportunity. In our September 2015 announcement, premiering
	a Lindsay Lohan fashion film as part of the Jerrick Media library, we described Jerrick as:




	 




	“...a
	disruptive alternative to the traditional, as well as the contemporary, media brands. Producing and distributing premium digital
	media across multiple platforms for all demographics, but especially centered on 18-34 year olds, the portfolio of brands rest
	upon a single creative and business architecture. All verticals are overseen by the same team and ideology, focusing primarily
	on revenue conversion as the premise behind all published material. Vintage styles are contemporized for a new audience…"



	 





	 




	 





	 




	Back
	then, our vision of the Vocal technology was just beginning to materialize. While I believed then that a distribution platform
	for content was imperative, I soon recognized a much greater opportunity for the platform that has become the underlying focus
	of the Company; a rapid means for the monetization of content. Currently, we believe there is very limited competition –
	other than perhaps Medium.com, the only other institutional long form social platform of any material nature.




	 




	It
	was at this point in late 2015 that it became apparent to us that we would need to partner with a best-in-class, next generation
	development group, in order to create an unparalleled grassroots platform to distribute the content that my partner Rick Schwartz
	and his creative team were able to produce.




	 




	In
	February of 2016 we became a publicly traded company for essentially three principle reasons:




	 






	 




	1.




	It
	became apparent that to acquire real talent from a new generation of thinkers, we would need to unite them culturally. The
	prolonged financial crisis left many talented individuals jaded by failed private companies whose stock could not be accurately
	valued. For those individuals, a publicly traded stock would both create transparency in value and unite them in a singular
	goal; the creation of tangible value.





	 


	 


	 





	 




	2.




	In
	the digital space, the key to success is keeping your friends close and your so-called friendly competitors even closer. Nothing
	unites companies like common ownership that can leverage each others’ strengths.





	 


	 


	 





	 




	3.




	In
	the digital space, most companies inflate metrics and investors, more often than not, accept them at their word. Part of the
	problem lies in the inability to be held accountable for private company statistics provided to investors. Jerrick recognizes
	its responsibility to provide reliable metrics to its shareholders and the public, especially in light of its regulatory reporting
	requirements as a publicly traded company.






	 




	After
	six months of vetting well over two dozen potential development teams, we chose Thinkmill as our collaborative partners in April
	of 2016. The CEO of Thinkmill, Boris Bozic, had this to say about the synergies that exist between Jerrick and Thinkmill.




	 




	“We’re
	excited to have the opportunity to collaborate with Jerrick. They have a unique perspective on the intersection of content, publishing,
	and commerce, which, from a technology point of view especially, is a dynamic and particularly interesting problem space. I see
	this partnership starting with a new Content Management Platform and extending to future applications that build on top of it.”




	 











	 



	2



	 







	 





	 




	Boris
	was correct. Within the next 120 days we will be completing a nearly 18-month development process, implementing the applications
	that Boris was referring to back in early 2016 – delivering a SaaS product that is turnkey for scale and distribution of
	content. To protect and strengthen intellectual properties, we pursued the following Vocal patent filings:




	 






	 




	●




	First
	application filed on March 10, 2016 - assigned US Provisional Serial No.62/306,239.






	 






	 




	●




	Second
	application filed on October 5, 2016 assigned US Provisional Serial No. 62/404,735 and






	 






	 




	●




	As
	recently as Q1 2017, concurrent with technology advancements, System and Method for Creating, Editing, Managing and Serving
	Web-Based Content (application number 62404735) has been updated.






	 




	In
	addition to patent filings, Jerrick’s Proprietary/Unique/Trade Secrets include:




	 





	Structure
	of the Architecture

	- Best of the Best features built from the ground up. No legacy issues.





	User
	Experience

	- Millennials designing and creating for Millennials.





	Speed
	& Performance

	- Infinitely scalable with no compromise to performance.





	Media
	Rich, Community

	- Organized, Long Form Social Platform.




	 




	As
	the design and build came together through 2016, we were successful in securing funding to create an even more robust platform
	to accommodate a heightened corporate goal addressing an even larger consumer market.  We raised approximately $2.5 million
	during 2016.




	 




	As
	noted in

	our March 31, 2016 press release

	with regards to key highlights, there were a number of significant accomplishments
	during this “nose-to-the-grindstone” period in Jerrick’s corporate history.




	 






	 




	●




	Streamlined
	workforce during second half of 2016 through the automation of many of the Company's procedures and outsourced collaborative
	relationships;






	 






	 




	●




	Validated
	a second of multiple potential revenue sources – pre-sold advertising with release of two in-studio developed digital
	web series – “Baked” and “Marijuana Minute”;






	 






	 




	●




	Increased
	the number of trademarks and the size of content library;






	 






	 




	●




	By
	November 30th, we completed the migration of Jerrick's entire online media infrastructure from a conventional WordPress system
	to the robust Vocal platform. Vocal is designed to maximize scalability, speed, simplicity, adaptability, and create an unparalleled
	user experience - bridging media-rich long-form creative content and effective algorithmic monetization for content creators.






	 




	We
	divided the Company’s operations into two well thought out compartmentalized activities: 1) high-level advancements to our
	platform architecture and 2). content creation. Group one, in collaboration with Thinkmill, stayed focused on the development,
	design, and implementation of the Vocal product; the other group generated thousands of tangible pieces of content drawn down
	from video, image, and written content owned by Jerrick. This group created the foundation for what would be the outreach process
	to the writing community and the initial 20 beta users. The successful launch of the technology and the rapid adoption by the
	writing community is a testament to the reengagement of the content and the platform development groups. With the two strategic
	activities culminating over the next 120 days, the Company’s energies and resources will shift focus to revenue production,
	while audience scalability will take on an organic and algorithmic process that is inherent to our technology.



	 








	 



	3



	 







	 





	 




	As
	my partner said on the day of our launch November 30, 2016:




	 




	"We've
	created a simple way for people to get their voices heard in the overcrowded noise of the internet that goes hand in hand with
	an effective monetization strategy… Vocal combines the ease of Facebook, scope of Reddit, and commerce of Amazon, all into
	one rich ecosystem, optimized for content and commerce.”  This was covered in

	TechCrunch

	, as well as

	Adweek

	.




	 




	December
	2016 statistics compared to March 2017 shows a marked increase in all trackable metrics, with limited additional costs. In particular,
	we have activated four new website communities in the last three months and expect that number (in addition to a number of other
	relative metrics) to triple over the next 120 days.




	 









	 





	 




	December 31,
	2016




	 




	 




	March 30,
	2017




	 







	Verticals (Web Communities)





	 




	 




	8




	 




	 




	 




	12




	 







	Unique Visitors Per Month





	 




	 




	523,360




	 




	 




	 




	1,072,649




	 







	Page Views Per Month





	 




	 




	680,368




	 




	 




	 




	1,769,870




	 







	Total Bloggers Signed Up





	 




	 




	912




	 




	 




	 




	3,031




	 







	Average # Submissions Per Day





	 




	 




	5




	 




	 




	 




	25




	 







	Average # Published Submissions Per Day





	 




	 




	3




	 




	 




	 




	20




	 









	 








	CURRENT BUSINESS STATS:






	 







	User Device






	76% Mobile/ 18% desktop








	Traffic Source






	55% Search/ 28% Social Media








	Geographic Breakdown of Users






	53% U.S./ 28% Europe







	 




	We
	have been fortunate over the development years to have a consistent source of high margin revenue that provided an important supplement
	to our working capital: auctioning the Guccione library, acquired in 2013.  We had been conducting auctions through an in-house
	effort until the fourth quarter of 2016, at which point, just prior to the Vocal platform commercial launch, we strategically
	reallocated our internal resources towards our core operations, thereby outsourcing the auctioning of the physical contents of
	the Guiccione and collectable library. Over the course of four months, we partnered with Everything But the House (EBTH),

	the
	world's premier online marketplace for estate sales, to carefully plan the auctioning of over 200,000 digitals images

	over
	the next 5 to 10 years with the most valuable of properties to be sold in the final years of engagement

	. 
	The most recent sales of individual digital images from the collection sold for $30 at auction (copy right maintained by Jerrick),
	an increase of over 100% from the prior year.

	EBTH Co-Founder Brian Graves commented as we formalized our engagement in October
	2016

	;





	 











	 



	4



	 







	 





	 




	"We
	are excited to host a curated auction from Guccione's vast collection of personal and corporate ephemera that represents his life's
	work from his days in the art studio to his time behind the camera. This sale gives Guccione fans from across the world a chance
	to bid on unique pieces that have been inaccessible until now."




	 




	As
	stated in our Form 10-K for the 2016 fiscal year,


	we
	plan to continue to monetize the Guccione library over time to supplement working capital by holding periodic auctions during
	the year through EBTH. Several auctions conducted by EBTH over the last 60 days continue to demonstrate the significant value
	of this library in the marketplace. In addition to selling the physical Items through this auction process, tens of thousands
	of images are being scanned for the Company’s digital IP library including videos, rare celebrity photos, vintage sci-fi,
	and the thousands of Guccione published images from the early first decades of

	Penthouse Magazine

	.



	 



	As
	a nimble, opportunistic publishing house, Jerrick has unique capabilities to leverage content into multiple media channels. Case
	in point: we announced on April 4, 2017, the development of a television series based on the life of Bob Guccione and the women
	who defined him, in collaboration with Maven Pictures.

	Guccione created Longevity, OMNI,
	and was the inspiration behind our successful site Filthy.  In this TV series, we are contributing access and use of our
	Guccione library as well as our experiences as executive producers.  Jerrick will receive revenue from a production fee,
	a percentage revenue-share, and rights to the series post debut.  While our time and financial contribution to this project
	will be minimal, the impact to our brand, library value, and the potential increase in unique visitors to our community sites
	could be very meaningful. 

	Similar to our in-studio, developed digital web series "Baked" and "Marijuana
	Minute", the on-going opportunities for a Guccione series through content snippets as well as e-commerce can be significant.



	 



	I
	have long believed that content is becoming a perpetually tradable digital asset. As our


	transmedia
	a

	ssets continue to grow, with Vocal as the anchoring content and monetization platform,
	projects such as the Guccioni TV Series feed into our sustainable high quality long form ethos.




	 



	In
	mid-December 2016, I commented in a press release:




	 




	“Our
	primary platform, Vocal is a content distribution platform and publishing hub engineered for creation and discovery spanning verticals
	in health, sexuality, science fiction, the workplace, pop culture, and more. Aimed at connecting thoughtful and original articles
	with communities passionate about these topics, Vocal leverages the power of specific and dedicated audiences with a nascent content
	creation engine, and effective monetization.”




	 




	Our
	technology has evolved exponentially since then. During the last 120 days, as efforts with our partner Thinkmill to develop the
	Vocal platform have accelerated, the platform has started to take on a more predictable pace of growth, surpassing our early goals
	set at the launch. We have grown from the initial 20 beta users in November 2016 to nearly 3,500 registered writers with over
	4,500 published pieces of content. This phenomenal reception led to a nearly threefold increase in monthly page views.



	 








	 



	5



	 







	 





	 




	As
	my partner and co-founder Rick Schwartz said in

	our March 8, 2016 press release

	,




	 




	"We've
	seen substantial growth in our digital metrics and do not see that slowing down in the near term. Our ecosystem of communities
	will eventually drive its own topical formation as more and more content creators feed into Vocal and our rapidly growing audience.
	It's exciting and rewarding to witness the amazing reaction to Vocal; there are so many people out there with something to say
	and we're thrilled to both give them a platform and reward them for their content."





	 





	To
	provide more scope on the rapid growth and success of Vocal’s network since launch, I encourage you to explore each of our
	12 sites on

	Alexa

	.com, the premier Amazon-owned website traffic and ranking analytic company.  On a comparative basis,
	we are effectively competing with some of the best known brands despite having only just launched our Vocal platform a few months
	ago. Our US & Global Alexa rankings have been increasing at a rapid pace.  Our current rankings for our two longest publishing
	community sites are beginning to rival longstanding industry giants.  Filthy.Media is currently far exceeding the rankings
	of other well known sexuality sites rankings and is even catching up to Playboy.com.  OMNI.media is already ranked well above
	its chief competitor SciFiNow.Co.UK. 




	 




	Moreover,
	Vocal’s accessibility, ease of use, and thought-leading developments have provoked a positive response in the digital content
	community. Here is an example of a direct consumer feedback:




	 




	“No
	matter what you want to write about, there is almost certainly a home for your work with Jerrick Media. Vocal lets you craft your
	article, inserting photos and videos and affiliate links along the way. Then at the end, you decide which magazine you’d
	like to submit to!... Anytime I’ve reached out to their editor or other staff, they’ve always been super helpful and
	responsive. They’re also encouraging and offer helpful feedback. Basically it seems that their honest goal is to help writers
	succeed. And that is a blessing!” -

	Matt Cates

	, Vocal Contributor.




	 




	The
	release of my White Paper on Vocal, Digital Arbitrage and Jerrick’s pivotal role in the field (SEC Form 8-K filing on

	November
	1, 2016

	) has heightened awareness of Vocal while introducing this new concept of digital arbitrage in and around the digital
	marketplace.n





	 





	Vocal
	is a next-generation, long-form publishing platform solving two critical issues faced by a growing number of creators who collectively
	publish over 3.5 million articles and blogs daily – 'How do I get my voice heard?' and 'How do I get paid?' – exposure
	and compensation. Vocal partners with content creators and influencers by paying them at the high-end of a market-dictated per-view
	basis. As posts gain traction, writers capitalize on the upside through Vocal, as well as their own traditional social media marketing.
	Unlike traditional media platforms and blogging sites, Vocal does not limit the upside of its community members.



	 



	In
	addition, we provide creators a highly sophisticated, simple publishing platform that offers the most advanced rich-media tools
	and search engine optimization for maximum audience exposure. To our visitors, we offer an impressive experience of evergreen
	and timeless, well written, interesting content in a visually-organized fashion, in a community focused setting. To our advertisers
	and brands, we provide the means to efficiently target market the most appropriate audience for their goods and services within
	our growing list of community sites.



	 



	Having
	addressed most of the key metrics to look for on a go-forward basis, the time has come again for Jerrick to execute, as we have
	done previously. We will continue to provide a transparent business infrastructure/model, new and disruptive technology, and above
	all a best-in-class work ethic in order to achieve our goal of building extraordinary value for our stockholders for years to
	come.




	 




	 



	6








	 





	 











Jerrick Media Holdings Inc (JMDA.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Jerrick Media Holdings Inc (JMDA.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsConstruction Materials












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				JMDA.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.07USD
28 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.03


					            (-28.90%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.10


Open

$0.07




Day's High

$0.07


Day's Low

$0.07




Volume

40,000


Avg. Vol

90,191




52-wk High

$0.95


52-wk Low

$0.05












					Full Description



Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc., formerly Great Plains Holdings, Inc., incorporated on December 30, 1999, is a technology and digital media company, which is engaged in the production and distribution of digital media content, including videos, imagery, articles, e-books, film and television, across multiple platforms for each brand in its portfolio. The Company sells genre specific products related to its brands, including video downloads, image downloads, photographs, art, magazines, apparel, toys, and signed and unsigned collectibles to consumers. The Company offers its products through its online stores, auctions, conventions and third-party wholesalers and retailers. The Company's brands include Filthy, OMNI, Geeks, Longevity and Potent Media. Its portfolio of brands is delivered through Vocal, its technology and content distribution platform.The Company generates its revenues from the sale of advertising and marketing services related to its content, such as pre-roll videos, text and image advertisements, native advertisements and affiliate marketing, and the sale of genre specific products related to its brands and licensing of its content for download-to-own services. The Company also drives additional demand through integrated sales of digital advertising inventory and through its marketing services, providing branded entertainment and custom sponsorship opportunities to advertisers.Filthy Filthy Gorgeous Media, LLC (Filthy Gorgeous), the Company's subsidiary, bridges a vintage adult genre with a contemporary artistic perspective, creating a brand that presents controversial perspectives in the genre of erotica and sex. The Company has ownership and the rights to sell certain art and personal effects, including original oil paintings created by Guccione, photographs, sketches, written works and illustrations. Filthy Gorgeous also maintains an Internet site, www.FilthyGorgeousMedia.com that targets male and female users interested in the vintage erotica genre.OMNIThe Company characterizes its subsidiary, OMNI Reboot, LLC (OMNI Reboot), as the intersection of science, technology, art, culture, design and metaphysics. OMNI Reboot maintains an Internet site, www.Omnireboot.com, which targets users interested in the science fiction genre.GeeksGeekRoom, LLC (GeekRoom), a subsidiary of the Company, is engaged in creating a provocative environment with content, representing a new level of pop culture sophistication that its audience demands. GeekRoom maintains an Internet site, www.geekroom.com that targets users interested in geek culture commonly associated with comics, video games, toys, movies and television in the fields of fantasy and science fiction.LongevityiLongevity, LLC, the Company's subsidiary (iLongevity), caters to those users looking for an understanding of and appreciation for the exciting advances happening in medicine, nutrition, genetic engineering, psychology, health and wellness, and cosmetic surgery. iLongevity maintains an Internet site, www.iLongevity.com. iLongevity is based on Longevity Magazine.Potent MediaPotent Media is a Website that explores the history of marijuana, the cannabis culture and its effect on pop culture. The Website keeps its user base informed on all things involving cannabis culture, including movies, television, books and festivals, conventions and politics. Potent maintains an internet site at www.Potent.Media.com.

» Full Overview of JMDA.PK







					Company Address



Jerrick Media Holdings Inc
202 S Dean StENGLEWOOD   NJ   07631-4139
P: +1201.2583770







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Rick Schwartz

--




							 Jeremy Frommer

--




							 Leonard Schiller

--




							 Andrew Taffin

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Jerrick Media Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-Jerrick Media Holdings reports Q1 loss per share $0.04

May 15 2017 

» More JMDA.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsConstruction Materials























Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:04 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. operates as an Internet technology company. It produces and distributes various digital media content, including videos, imagery, articles, e-books, film, and television projects. The company develops genre-specific Websites, which are designed to create communities, which revolve around a specific topic or theme. Its genre-specific Websites include OMNI Media, a science fiction themed Website that explores science, technology, art, culture, design, and metaphysics, as well as offers products, including video downloads, image downloads, photographs, art, magazines, action figures, apparel, and signed and unsigned collectibles; and Filthy Media, a relationship and...
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. operates as an Internet technology company. It produces and distributes various digital media content, including videos, imagery, articles, e-books, film, and television projects. The company develops genre-specific Websites, which are designed to create communities, which revolve around a specific topic or theme. Its genre-specific Websites include OMNI Media, a science fiction themed Website that explores science, technology, art, culture, design, and metaphysics, as well as offers products, including video downloads, image downloads, photographs, art, magazines, action figures, apparel, and signed and unsigned collectibles; and Filthy Media, a relationship and sexuality themed Website. The company’s genre-specific Websites also comprise Longevity Media, a health and wellness themed Website that explores various health-related topics, including medicine, nutrition, genetic engineering, psychology, and cosmetics; and Potent Media, a cannabis themed Website that explores the history of marijuana, cannabis culture, and its effect on pop culture. The company is headquartered in Englewood, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


202 South Dean StreetEnglewood, NJ 07631United States



Phone: 201-258-3770

www.jerrickmedia.com







Key Executives for Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Jeremy Frommer


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer & Director
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $265.4K








Mr. Rick Schwartz


      	Founder & President
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $136.1K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Becomes Aware of a Lawsuit Filed by General Media Communication, Inc
Jul 7 17
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. announced that it became aware of a lawsuit filed by General Media Communication, Inc. against the company and two of its officers. The lawsuit alleges trademark infringement related to the company's use of the Omni and Caligula trademarks. The company believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it.


Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Unveils the Omni Archive
May 30 17
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. announced the launch of The Omni Archive; sponsored by the Museum of Science Fiction (MOSF), the initiative features every issue of the seminal science fiction publication Omni. Through The Omni Archive, all 200 issues of the published magazines are available for viewing and purchase on Amazon. This is the first time the collection has been available for digital download in high-resolution. In conjunction with The Omni Archive, Jerrick released Omni: The New Frontier as a Vimeo On Demand subscription series. The original Frontier was a short-lived television show based on Omni Magazine. Re-digitized for the digital era, the VOD Frontier explores vintage science fiction video content from one of the most prolific eras of the genre.


Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Presents at 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational, Jun-07-2017 08:30 AM
May 16 17
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Presents at 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational, Jun-07-2017 08:30 AM. Venue: Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel, Los Angeles, California, United States.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      July 14, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      February 21, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 1, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc., please visit www.jerrickmedia.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close















































 



 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results 
         










    










 













 











 



















Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc  
Mar 31, 2017, 18:26 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, March 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc., (OTCQB: JMDA) (the "Company" or "Jerrick"), a digital media and technology company, today reported financial results for its full year and fourth quarter ended December 31, 2016.  2016 marked the year that Jerrick progressed from a development stage entity to a Company entering its commercialization phase through the launch of its patent-pending proprietary Vocal Platform (http://vocal.media) on November 30, 2016. 








Key 2016 Business Highlights: 

Became a publicly traded company on February 5, 2016 to increase shareholder value, heighten public awareness of its business developments, and to create a completely transparent corporate culture; 


Completed the core software development and beta testing of its patent pending Vocal digital publishing platform in Q2 2016; 


Completed the migration of Jerrick's entire online media infrastructure from a conventional WordPress system to the robust Vocal platform. Vocal is designed to maximize scalability, speed, simplicity, adaptability, and create an unparalleled user experience - bridging media-rich long-form creative content and effective algorithmic monetization for content creators; 


Streamlined workforce during second half of 2016 through the automation of many of the Company's procedures and outsourced collaborative relationships with best of breed efforts;


Established collaborative relationship with Australian-based thought-leadership agency, Thinkmill, to help support the innovation of Jerrick's proprietary software and the creation of next generation algorithms to enhance revenue opportunities; 


Entered into a marketing agreement with EBTH.com in Q4 2016, a premier online marketplace for estate sales and coveted collections, thereby eliminating the higher cost structure of Jerrick's in-house auction business and enhancing the profitability of this revenue stream (Guccione Collections); 


Validated a second of multiple potential revenue sources - pre-sold advertising with release of two in-studio developed digital web series - "Baked" and "Marijuana Minute"; 


Commenced commercial launch of its Vocal platform (November 30, 2016) for six community sites – OMNI, Geeks, Longevity, Filthy, Potent, and Journal. An additional six sites have since been launched for a current total of 12 – Beat (December), Feast (December), Proof (January), Swamp (January), Humans (March) and Wander (March). Jerrick plans is to add another 20+ community sites during 2017; 


Updated provisional Patents concurrent with technology advancements – System and Method for Creating, Editing, Managing and Serving Web-Based Content (application number 62404735). Increased the number of trademarks and the size of its content library; 


Secured funding totaling approximately $2.5 million during 2016, through a mixture of demand notes, promissory notes and convertible notes, and issued an additional $1.1 million in convertible and promissory notes during Q1 2017; and, 


Dashboard stats: 






         December 31, 2016 
 March 30, 2017 


 Verticals (Web Communities) 
 8 
 12 


 Unique Visitors Per Month 
 523,360 
 1,072,649 


 Page Views Per Month 
 680,368 
 1,769,870 


 Total Bloggers Signed Up 
 912 
 3,031 


 Average # Submissions Per Day 
 5 
 25 


 Average # Published Submissions Per Day 
 3 
 20 


                 CURRENT BUSINESS STATS: 




                 User Device 
 76% Mobile/ 18% desktop 



                 Traffic Source 
 55% Search/ 28% Social Media 



                 Geographic Breakdown of Users 
 53% U.S./28% Europe 





"2016 was a marquee year for Jerrick.  Early in the year we became a public Company and exited the year launching our Vocal platform, after having successfully passed all internal testing and beta phase hurdles to become a fully commercialized entity.  Jerrick's Vocal is a next-generation long-form publishing platform solving two critical issues faced by a growing number of creators who today, collectively generate over 3.5 million articles and blogs published daily – 'How do I get my voice heard?' and 'How do I get paid?' – exposure and compensation," commented Jeremy Frommer, co-founder and CEO of Jerrick Media.
"Jerrick offers a unique value proposition – a win-win credo to our content creators, our visitors, our customers and investors. Vocal partners with content creators and influencers by paying them at the high-end of a market-dictated per-view basis.  As posts go viral, the writer is capitalizing on the upside.  In addition, we provide creatives a highly sophisticated, quick, simple publishing platform that offers the most advanced rich-media tools and, importantly, provide at zero cost, search engine optimization for maximum audience exposure.  To our visitors, we offer an impressive experience of evergreen and timeless, well written, interesting content in a visually-organized and focused community setting.  To our advertisers and brands, we provide the means to efficiently target-market the most appropriate audience for their goods and services within our growing list of community sites.  Finally, to our shareholders, we have not only created a proprietary grass-roots platform written using next-generation code, that we believe is becoming increasingly more valuable by the day, but we have also created a highly profitable business model based upon digital arbitrage capable of supporting multiple revenue sources.  While we have only just begun the commercialization of our Vocal platform, we expect to scale revenue in 2017 and anticpate crossing over into profitable growth during 2018."
For the full year 2016, Jerrick reported net revenues of $224,000 compared to net revenue of $768,000 for the full year 2015.  The decrease in net revenue is primarily attributable to the Company's transitioning its ecommerce business from direct sale of products and Company owned memorabilia that provided support to working capital, as the Company readied the launch of its core business and commercialization of the Vocal platform.  Jerrick owns collectables (memorabilia) and several content libraries consisting of hundreds of thousands of pieces of digital images, artwork and written works from our Guccione Collections which includes items from iconic brands such as OMNI and Longevity Magazines.  Jerrick plans to continue to monetize this library over time to supplement working capital, while maintaining all copyrights, by holding periodic auctions during the year through EBTH.  With the initial sales price of items sold through EBTH averaging over $30 per item and expected to increase over time, Jerrick intends to progressively monetize this extensive library of more than 200,000 items over the next 5 to 10 years with the most valuable of properties to be sold in the final years.
In the second quarter of 2017, Jerrick expects to complete the next stage of development for its Vocal Platform, including an internal self-serving native ad server, expedited vertical creation, and accelerated SEO. The Company believes this will significantly increase revenue opportunities beginning in the second half of 2017 as it implements support for several additional revenue streams including affiliate advertising, branded content (in-house produced videos and articles), tipping, data mining, film development and e-commerce.
The Company reported a net loss of $(7.4) million or $(0.23) per basic share for the full year 2016, which included non-cash charges to interest expense of $3.3 million related to registration rights penalty provisions. Excluding the penalty interest charges, the Company's net loss was $(4.1) million or $0.13 per share.  This compares to a net loss of $(3.3) million or $(0.12) per basic share for the full year 2015, which included interest expense of $489,000.  Jerrick reported a loss from operations of $(3.7) million in 2016 versus a loss from operations of $(2.9) million in the prior year. The increase in net loss from operations is primarily attributable to a decrease in revenue and the increase in operating expenses associated with the development and launch of its Vocal platform and the Company's reverse acquisition of a public vehicle.
Jerrick's gross profit on revenue totaled approximately $181,000 in 2016, yielding an 81% gross margin, compared to a gross margin of 76% in the prior year.    As the Company begins to generate core operating revenues in the second quarter 2017, it expects gross margins to remain in excess of 70%. 
Operating expenses in 2016 totaled $3.9 million, a $437,320 (11%) increase over the prior year due primarily to approximately $535,000 increase in expenses related to the development and launch of its Vocal platform, a $217,000 increase in employee compensation, and a $174,000 increase in professional fees related to the Company's reverse acquisition of a public vehicle, partially offset by a $488,000 decrease in stock-based compensation.  As Jerrick includes additional functionalities to further automate the Vocal platform, it plans to gradually install infrastructure, including personnel, that will support virtually unlimited scalability.  
The Company incurred other expenses in 2016 of $3.7 million, inclusive of $3.3 million in charges related to the previously discussed registration rights penalty provisions. The Company also incurred interest expenses of $153,000 on notes payable and debt discount of $211,198 during 2016.  This compares to an interest expense of $489,000 in 2015 which is comprised of interest expense of $475,481 on bridge loans that were converted into equity during 2015 and dividends of $13,244.
At December 31, 2016, the Company reported cash and cash equivalents of $175,000 and total assets of $378,000.  At December 31, 2016, the Company had current liabilities of $3.5 million of which, short term debt accounted for approximately $2.1 million compared to year-end 2015 current liabilities of $967,000 of which short term debt totaled $284,000.  The Company holds no long-term debt. Subsequent to year-end 2016, the Company raised approximately $1.1 million through the sale of additional promissory note. 
On December 31, 2016, Jerrick had approximately 33.9 million shares of Common Stock outstanding.  Additionally, Jerrick had convertible preferred stock, stock options, warrants, and additional Common Stock reserved for issuance that would result in the issuance of 44.8 shares of Common Stock, generating approximately $4.8 million in additional capital for the Company.  As of December 31, 2016, the Company had federal and state tax loss carry forwards of approximately $5.6 million, which expire through the fiscal year ending December 31, 2035.
About Jerrick
Jerrick is a digital media content publishing house.  Core to Jerrick's unique capabilities is Vocal, a proprietary technology and content distribution platform, programmed to deliver a robust long-form, digital publishing platform organized into highly engaged niche-communities capable of hosting all forms of rich media content.  Vocal maximizes scalability, speed, simplicity, and adaptability to create an unparalleled user experience – algorithmically designed to bridge media-rich long-form creative content with effective monetization.  Each niche-community site is overseen by a dedicated team and culture, whose primary focus is on revenue conversion of all published material via digital arbitrage. All content is meant to challenge, inspire, and enlighten. For more information please visit https://jerrick.media.  
Forward-Looking Statements 
Any statements that are not historical facts and that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, indicated through the use of words or phrases such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "intends," "plans," "believes" and "projects") may be forward-looking and may involve estimates and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We caution that the factors described herein could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This press release is qualified in its entirety by the cautionary statements and risk factor disclosure contained in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings.




 Company Contact:    
 Investor Relations: 


 Jeremy Frommer, CEO 
 Vivian Cervantes 


 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.  
 PCG Advisory 


 201-258-3770  
 212-554-5482 


 info@jerrick.media  
 vivian@pcgadvisory.com  




 *** Financial Statements Follow ***




 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. 


 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet 










  December 31, 2016 
 December 31, 2015 


 Assets 




 Current Assets 





           Cash                          
 $ 174,494 
 $          438,629 



           Prepaid expenses  
 10,000 
 - 



 Total Current Assets 

 184,494 
 438,629 



    Property and equipment, net 
 71,829 
 70,506 



    Security deposits 
 38,445 
 17,000 



    Minority investment in business 
 83,333 
 83,333 



    Total Assets 

 $         378,101 
 $          609,468 


 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 




 Current Liabilities 





            Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 $     1,386,068 
 $          678,955 



            Accrued dividends 
 259,170 
 81,936 



            Demand loan 
 10,366 
 - 



            Convertible Notes, net of debt discount and Issuance costs 
 268,823 
 - 



            Current portion of capital lease payable 
 3,524 
 3,524 



            Note payable, related party, net of debt discount 
 1,350,325 
 - 



            Note payable, net of debt discount 
 30,579 
 - 



            Line of credit 
 235,141 
 202,422 


            Total Current Liabilities          
 3,544,996 
 966,837 







 Non-current Liabilities: 




         Capital lease payables 
 1,208 
 3,095 



                  Total Non-current Liabilities    

 1,208 
 3,095 



  Total Liabilities 

 3,546,204 
 969,932 







 Commitments and contingencies 









 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 





 Series A Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 33,414 and 33,314 shares issued and outstanding respectively 
 33 
 33 



 Series B Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 8,063 and 7,000 shares and outstanding, respectively 
 8 
 7 



 Series D Preferred stock, $0.001, 914 and 0 shares issued and outstanding respectively 
 1 




 Common stock, $0.001 par value: 300,000,000 authorized shares; 

 - 



            33,894,592 and 28,500,000 shares issued and outstanding at  





            December 31, 2016 and 2015 respectively 
 33,895 
 28,500 



            Additional paid-in capital 
 10,075,941 
 5,319,835 



            Accumulated deficit 
 (13,277,981) 
 (5,708,839) 



                Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 (3,168,103) 
 (360,464) 



 Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 
 $        378,101 
 $          609,468 








 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. 


 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 











 Three Months ended  December 31 

 Twelve Months ended  December 31 




 2016 

 2015 

 2016 

 2015 













 Net revenues  

 $      22,898 

 $  215,053 

 $      223,927 

 $     767,527 


 Cost of revenues 

 - 

 (30,123) 

 43,321 

 183,528 


 Gross profit  

 22,898 

 245,176 

 180,606 

 583,999 













 Operating expenses 










    Compensation  

 223,533 

 111,628 

 1,134,170 

 917,586 


    Consulting fees 

 546,543 

 911,427 

 1,350,917 

 1,176,968 


    Share based payments 

 103,283 

 40,760 

 332,711 

 820,652 


    General and administrative 

 273,674 

 (137,488) 

 1,054,564 

 519,836 


    Total operating expenses 

 1,147,033 

 926,327 

 3,872,362 

 3,435,042 













    Loss from operations 

 (1,124,135) 

 (681,151) 

 (3,691,756) 

 (2,851,043) 













 Other income (expenses) 










    Interest expense 

 820,166 

 (408,069) 

 (3,710,151) 

 (488,725) 


    Gain on the sale of assets 

 - 

 - 

 10,000 

 - 


    Other income (expenses), net 

 820,166 

 (408,069) 

 (3,700,151) 

 (488,725) 













 Loss before income tax provision 

 (303,969) 

 (1,089,220) 

 (7,391,907) 

 (3,339,768) 


 Income tax provision 

 - 

 - 

 - 

 - 













 Net loss  

 $(303,969) 

 $(1,089,220) 

 $(7,391,907) 

 $ (3,339,768) 













 Per-share data 










      Basic and diluted loss per share 

 $           (0.00) 

 $        (0.04) 

 $         (0.23) 

 $       (0.12) 


      Weighted average number of common            shares outstanding 

   33,697,626 

   28,500,000 

 32,046,149 

   28,500,000 















 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jerrick-media-holdings-inc-reports-fiscal-year-2016-financial-results-300432937.html
SOURCE Jerrick Media Holdings Inc



 













Jan 25, 2017, 08:00 ET
Preview: Jerrick Media and EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE Announce Auction Focused on Geek Collectibles






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results


 News provided by
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc  
Mar 31, 2017, 18:26 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 





Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




4:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert



















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































JMDA Stock Price - Jerrick Media Holdings Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,830.31


33.76


0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.10


-3.32


-0.13%











Nasdaq

6,374.68


-7.51


-0.12%











GlobalDow

2,848.22


-2.86


-0.10%











Gold

1,275.60


9.10


0.72%











Oil

49.79


0.75


1.53%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



ALGN 
10.0




MHK 
4.3




COL 
4.3




LYB 
3.9






FLS
-10.9




MO
-9.5




SBUX
-9.2




GT
-8.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:33a

Breaking
Elon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range



12:20a

Tesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000



07/28

Updated
Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials



07/28

Barron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News



07/28

A Wild Week in Washington 



07/28

Updated
The dark side of cruises



07/28

 Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'



07/28

Updated
The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart



07/28

Updated
O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family



07/28

Updated
Here are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


JMDA


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



JMDA
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Jerrick Media Holdings Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateJMDAAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 28, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0711



-0.0289
-28.90%






Previous Close




$0.1000





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




53.67% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    40K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 74.5K
            





Open: 0.0711
Close: 0.0711



0.0711
Day Low/High
0.0711





Day Range



0.0500
52 Week Low/High
0.9500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0711



Day Range
0.0711 - 0.0711



52 Week Range
0.0500 - 0.9500



Market Cap
$3.39M



Shares Outstanding
33.9M



Public Float
14.11M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.25



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
74.53K




 


Performance




5 Day


-43.12%







1 Month


-56.17%







3 Month


-49.93%







YTD


-76.30%







1 Year


-69.48%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available











Intelligence Dossier Puts Longtime Trump Fixer in Spotlight

Jan. 11, 2017 at 7:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Jerrick Media Holdings (JMDA) Presents At 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Conference - Slideshow
Jerrick Media Holdings (JMDA) Presents At 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Conference - Slideshow

Jun. 8, 2017 at 2:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Intelligence Dossier Puts Longtime Trump Fixer in Spotlight

Jan. 11, 2017 at 7:24 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal





10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.


Nov. 21, 2016 at 12:37 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





A Guide To Pot Stock Sub-Sectors


Nov. 14, 2016 at 10:28 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.


Aug. 24, 2016 at 6:04 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.


Aug. 15, 2016 at 5:25 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)









Jerrick's Vocal Platform Unveils 6 New Social Publishing Verticals
Jerrick's Vocal Platform Unveils 6 New Social Publishing Verticals

Jul. 19, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc Responds to Action Filed by Penthouse Global Media
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc Responds to Action Filed by Penthouse Global Media

Jul. 7, 2017 at 4:19 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Expands Revenue Opportunities by Leveraging its Library
Jerrick Media Expands Revenue Opportunities by Leveraging its Library

Jun. 30, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Unveils The Omni Archive:  Entire Collection of Iconic Sci-Fi Magazine Now Available Online
Jerrick Unveils The Omni Archive:  Entire Collection of Iconic Sci-Fi Magazine Now Available Online

May. 30, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational

May. 24, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 15, 2017 at 5:21 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Maven Pictures and Jerrick Media to Produce Scripted Series on Life of Bob Guccione, Famed Media Magnate


Apr. 4, 2017 at 1:30 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results


Mar. 31, 2017 at 6:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Unveils Two New Social Publishing Verticals: Travel And Relationship


Mar. 8, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media and EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE Announce Auction Focused on Geek Collectibles


Jan. 25, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Unveils "The Swamp" (A Community Exploring Politics) and "Proof" (Dedicated to Spirits Wine and Beer) on its Growing Vocal Platform


Jan. 20, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Announces the Addition of Beat and Feast to the Vocal Platform


Dec. 16, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE And Jerrick Partner For Bob Guccione Online Estate Sale


Dec. 8, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Expresses Interest In Potential Acquisition Of Wizard World, Inc.


Dec. 1, 2016 at 3:20 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





The Versatile Social Media Market Continues to Grow


Dec. 1, 2016 at 8:48 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Announces the Launch of Vocal


Nov. 30, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Willie's Reserve Engages Jerrick Media as Digital Strategist


Nov. 8, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Partners with EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE for Bob Guccione Online Estate Sale


Oct. 17, 2016 at 8:00 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Releases Steam Wars, A Steampunk Graphic Novel Created By Larry Blamire


Sep. 15, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Jerrick Media Expands Its Portfolio of Original Content with the September Release of Three New eBooks and the Premiere of "Steam Wars" Short Series


Sep. 12, 2016 at 11:24 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF











Jerrick Media Holdings Inc.


            
            Manages a portfolio of media assets

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Forward Industries Inc.
3.55%
$9.48M


Q.E.P. Co.
3.53%
$83.58M


Fossil Group Inc.
0.64%
$531.65M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





TSLA

0.18%








DVAX

0.00%








SQ

1.08%








PBF

-2.57%








BEN

-2.64%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Jerrick Media Holdings Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg




































































  









Feedback
















jerrick media holdings inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. is a technology and digital media company focused on the development of communities, marketing branded digital content, and e-commerce opportunities.




Corporate Information
Address:

202 South Dean Street
Englewood, NJ 07631
United States


Phone:
1-201-258-3770


Fax:
-


Web url:
jerrick.media





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Chief Executive Officer
Company


Jeremy Frommer
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc








President
Company


Rick Schwartz
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc








Board Members
Company




























From The Web












Press Releases




Jerrick's Vocal Platform Unveils 6 New Social Publishing Verticals

Jul 19, 2017



Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc Responds to Action Filed by Penthouse Global Media

Jul 07, 2017



Jerrick Media Expands Revenue Opportunities by Leveraging its Library

Jun 30, 2017



Jerrick Unveils The Omni Archive:  Entire Collection of Iconic Sci-Fi Magazine Now Available Online

May 30, 2017



Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May 15, 2017



Maven Pictures and Jerrick Media to Produce Scripted Series on Life of Bob Guccione, Famed Media Magnate

Apr 04, 2017



Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results

Mar 31, 2017






Key Executives


Jeremy Frommer


Chief Executive Officer




Rick Schwartz


President







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































    JMDA Key Statistics - Jerrick Media Holdings Inc. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Jerrick Media Holdings Inc.

                  OTC: JMDA
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Jerrick Media Holdings Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 28, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


JMDA

/quotes/zigman/67585706/delayed


$
0.07




Change

-0.03
-28.90%

Volume
Volume 40,000
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/67585706/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.10
		


$
				0.07
			
Change

-0.03
-28.90%





Day low
Day high
$0.07
$0.07










52 week low
52 week high

            $0.05
        

            $0.95
        

















			Company Description 
		


                Manages a portfolio of media assets
            




      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Rick  Schwartz 
48
2012
President



Mr. Jeremy Phillip Frommer 
-
2012
Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Andrew  Taffin 
50
2016
Director



Mr. Leonard M. Schiller 
72
2016
Chairman





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





04/18/2016

Jeremy Phillip Frommer 
Chief Executive Officer; Director

100,000


 
Disposition at $0.25 per share.


25,000


05/20/2015

Kent Campbell                            
CEO and CFO; Director

46,700


 
Award at $0.08 per share.


3,736


05/19/2015

Kent Campbell                            
CEO and CFO; Director

3,300


 
Award at $0.08 per share.


264


05/05/2014

Kent Campbell                            
CEO and CFO; Director

100,000


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


01/06/2014

Kent Campbell                            
CEO and CFO; Director

66,225


 
Gift at $0 per share.


0


09/26/2013

Kent Campbell                            
CEO and CFO; Director

5,000,000


 
Acquisition at $0.32 per share.


1,600,000


09/25/2013

George Irving Norman                            


1,788,475


 
Disposition at $0.1 per share.


178,847








/news/latest/company/us/jmda

      MarketWatch News on JMDA
    
No News currently available for JMDA





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/jmda

      Other News on JMDA
    





Jerrick Media Holdings (JMDA) Presents At 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational Conference - Slideshow

2:57 p.m. June 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Intelligence Dossier Puts Longtime Trump Fixer in Spotlight

11:47 p.m. Jan. 11, 2017
 - The Wall Street Journal Interactive Edition




 10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.
1:37 p.m. Nov. 21, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





A Guide To Pot Stock Sub-Sectors

11:28 a.m. Nov. 14, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.
6:04 a.m. Aug. 24, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: JERRICK MEDIA HOLDINGS, INC.
5:24 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.
202 South Dean Street


Englewood, New Jersey 07631




Phone
1 2013088060


Industry
Housewares


Sector
Consumer Goods


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for JMDA











/news/pressrelease/company/us/jmda

      Press Releases on JMDA
    




 Jerrick's Vocal Platform Unveils 6 New Social Publishing Verticals
8:00 a.m. July 19, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc Responds to Action Filed by Penthouse Global Media
4:19 p.m. July 7, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Expands Revenue Opportunities by Leveraging its Library
8:00 a.m. June 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Unveils The Omni Archive:  Entire Collection of Iconic Sci-Fi Magazine Now Available Online
8:00 a.m. May 30, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. to Present at the 7th Annual LD Micro Invitational
7:30 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
5:21 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Maven Pictures and Jerrick Media to Produce Scripted Series on Life of Bob Guccione, Famed Media Magnate
1:30 p.m. April 4, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results
6:26 p.m. March 31, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Unveils Two New Social Publishing Verticals: Travel And Relationship
9:00 a.m. March 8, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media and EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE Announce Auction Focused on Geek Collectibles
9:00 a.m. Jan. 25, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Unveils "The Swamp" (A Community Exploring Politics) and "Proof" (Dedicated to Spirits Wine and Beer) on its Growing Vocal Platform
10:06 a.m. Jan. 20, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Announces the Addition of Beat and Feast to the Vocal Platform
9:00 a.m. Dec. 16, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE And Jerrick Partner For Bob Guccione Online Estate Sale
9:00 a.m. Dec. 8, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Expresses Interest In Potential Acquisition Of Wizard World, Inc.
4:20 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 The Versatile Social Media Market Continues to Grow
9:48 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Announces the Launch of Vocal
9:30 a.m. Nov. 30, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Willie's Reserve Engages Jerrick Media as Digital Strategist
8:30 a.m. Nov. 8, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Partners with EVERYTHING BUT THE HOUSE for Bob Guccione Online Estate Sale
8:00 a.m. Oct. 17, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Releases Steam Wars, A Steampunk Graphic Novel Created By Larry Blamire
8:30 a.m. Sept. 15, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Jerrick Media Expands Its Portfolio of Original Content with the September Release of Three New eBooks and the Premiere of "Steam Wars" Short Series
11:24 a.m. Sept. 12, 2016
 - PR Newswire - PRF


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:04 AM EDT
July 29, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:34aBREAKINGElon Musk details Tesla Model 3 pricing, range
12:21aTesla: Standard Model 3 will cost $35,000, long-range model will cost $44,000
9:16pWall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials
7:39pBarron's Buzz: Robo 2.0, Facebook and Twitter, Trading On News
7:29pA Wild Week in Washington 
6:32pThe dark side of cruises
6:32pThe highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart
6:31pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
6:31p Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'
6:31pHere are 10 co-workers you should avoid like the plague — especially in meetings
6:29pTop 10 most annoying people you may want to unfriend on Facebook 
6:29pThis is one person you should never unfriend on Facebook...
6:29p3 horrible ways typos could alter the course of your life
6:27pPaint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400
6:27pAmericans’ new badge of honor: ‘I was blocked by a celebrity!’
6:27p5 weird things I found out about America in my first 24 hours 
6:14pBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolution
6:14pThese 7 highly taxed companies need Congress to finally act on tax reform
6:11pWatch out: ‘Kids’ are making the most money in this stock market 
6:10p7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,830.31

+33.76
+0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,374.68

-7.51
-0.12%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.10

-3.32
-0.13%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































Home - JerrickMenuA technology group focused on the development of communities, marketing branded digital content, and e-commerce opportunities.






Jerrick Media Holdings Inc (OTCPK:JMDA) Advertising 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 JMDA- OTCPK (USA)Jerrick Media Holdings Inc




Currently 1/5



Business Predictability Rank: 1-Star Back Testing Results:Average gain of all 1-Star stocks: 1.1% per year.% of Stocks that are in still loss if held for 10yrs: 45%.Read more: What is Predictability Rank?Performances of real portfolio
Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$0.07     0.03(28.9%) Volume: 40,000  11:51AM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 74,678
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Severe Warning Signs with OTCPK:JMDA. Click here to check it out.  







Market Cap : 
			2.41 M
Enterprise Value : 
			4.56 M
P/E(TTM) : 
			
P/B : 
			

















$0.07 (1y: -59%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





OTCPK:JMDA has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




OTCPK:JMDA has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Asset Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Gross-Profit-to-Asset % Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with Jerrick Media Holdings Inc $OTCPK:JMDA.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























Jerrick Media Holdings Inc (OTCPK:JMDA)
Advertising
=GURUF("OTCPK:JMDA","Advertising")

$0.00 Mil (As of Mar. 2017)
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.00 Mil.

Definition
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
Jerrick Media Holdings Inc Annual Data



Dec07Dec08Dec09Dec10Dec11Dec12Dec13Dec14Dec15Dec16

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00

Jerrick Media Holdings Inc Quarterly Data



Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16Dec16Mar17

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK

















Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballJerrick Media Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial ResultsPR NewswireMay 15, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc., (JMDA) (the "Company" or "Jerrick"), a digital media and technology company, today reported financial results for its first quarter ended March 31, 2017, which marks Jerrick's first full quarter of its commercial launch of the Vocal platform.    Key First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Summary / Business Highlights:Dashboard statistics:   March 31, 2017   April 30, 2017   May 14, 2017     Verticals (Web Communities)   12   12   12     Unique Visitors per Month   1,072,649   1,378,278   1,882,613*     Page Views per Month   1,769,870   1,888,409   2,370,203*     Total Bloggers Signed Up   3,031   4,310   4,949     Average # of Submissions /Day   25   31   33     Average # of Published Articles /Day   20   23   27      *(estimated monthly run-rate)  CURRENT BUSINESS METRICS     User Device:   76% Mobile/18% Desktop     Traffic Source:   55% Search/28% Social     Geographic:   53% U.S./28% Europe   Since inception, the Company's revenue has been insignificant, generated predominately through the monetization of non-core assets to support working capital. Jerrick's ownership of the Guccione library is experiencing rising sale prices at auction, the largest component of which is a collection of over 200,000 digital images from Penthouse circa 1969 - 1988 and OMNI Magazine (1978 to early 1990s).   Guccione Library Auction Results:     DIGITAL IMAGES   December 2016   March 2017   April 2017   May 2017 (First 2 weeks)     Average Sale Price/image   $20.00   $37.50   $60.00   $75.00     # of Items Sold in Auction   252   15   97   110     # of Auctions/Month   1   4   2   2   Successfully Beta-tested 4 of 7 projected revenue sources to formally launch with Vocal 2.0: Native Advertising; Micropayments; Premium Digital Downloads (including Kindle, Vimeo, and print-to-order); Affiliate Network Sales;Monthly cash burn for the first three months of 2017 averaged approximately $307,000 compared to the average monthly cash burn during first and fourth quarters of 2016 totaling approximately $195,000. The increase is due to $150,000 in one-time accounting, legal and consulting fees;Operating expenses totaled $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2017, an increase of $365,000 over first quarter of 2016, and a decrease of $77,000 over fourth quarter 2016. Expenses are trending higher in preparation for the release of Vocal platform version 2.0;Operating loss for the first quarter of 2017 totaled $(1,000,000), compared to an operating loss in the first quarter of 2016 of $(619,000) and an operating loss of $(1,100,000) for the fourth quarter 2016;Introduced power-to-mine previous content libraries and contemporize for today's audience: Maven Pictures and Jerrick intend to produce a scripted TV series on the Life of Bob Guccione. Jerrick will contribute access and use of its Guccione library and experience as executive producers. In return, the Company will receive revenue from a production fee, a percentage revenue-share and rights to the series post debut. As an ancillary benefit, Jerrick anticipates a positive impact to its brand, library value and the potential increase in unique visitors to its community sites;Launched 4 additional community sites, bringing the current total to 12: Proof (January), Swamp (January), Humans (March) and Wander (March). Jerrick plans to add another 40+ community sites during 2017;Updated provisional Patents (filed April 25, 2017) concurrent with technology advancements – System and Method for Creating, Editing, Managing and Serving Web-Based Content (application number 62404735). Increased the number of trademarks and the size of its content library; and,Secured funding totaling approximately $1,100,000 during first quarter 2017, primarily through convertible notes and promissory notes. Subsequent to quarter-end, secured additional $80,000 short term notes and a $130,000 one year revolving line of credit."Since the launch of Vocal on November 30, 2016, our staff has been intently focused on offering interesting, unique and well written content, attracting active and knowledgeable content creators and influencers, as well as increasing the number of monthly visitors to our community sites.  We have made material progress in all three fronts in a short period of time. Jerrick Media has grown from the initial 20 beta content providers in November 2016 to nearly 4,500 registered writers with over 7,000 published pieces of content. This extraordinary reception has attracted nearly 2,000,000 monthly visitors to our site, generating a sizable increase in monthly page views.  Now, with the launch of Vocal 2.0 imminent, we will allocate resources towards building revenue from our core business," commented Jeremy Frommer, co-founder and CEO of Jerrick Media."We believe we have developed an interesting proposition to advertisers and brands - we provide the means to efficiently target market the most appropriate audience for their goods and services within our growing list of community sites, and provide precise feedback and returns-on advertising spending. We also have the in-house means to create branded content for advertisers and brands spearheaded by an accomplished Hollywood producer and are already receiving significant interest in this capability. As I mentioned at year-end, we believe we have created a highly profitable business model based upon digital arbitrage that is capable of supporting multiple revenue sources.  While the commercialization of our Vocal platform has only just started, given the level of early interest we are receiving, we expect to scale revenue in 2017, and we continue to anticipate crossing over into profitable growth during 2018."Jerrick reported net revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 of approximately $42,000 compared to $121,000 for the same period of the previous year and $23,000 in the fourth quarter of 2016.  The year-over-year quarterly decrease in net revenue is primarily attributable to the Company's transitioning its ecommerce business from direct sale of products and Company owned memorabilia (Guccione Library) that provided support to working capital (accounting for over 80% of first quarter 2016 revenues), to redirecting its internal resources towards launch of its core business and commercialization of the Vocal platform.  Both first quarter 2017 and fourth quarter 2016 revenues reflected early days of outsourcing the monetization of the Guiccione library to premier digital auction house, Everything But The House (EBTH), as well as the beta testing of advertising and ecommerce revenue components (representing approximately 40% of revenues) due to launch during the roll out of Vocal Platform version 2.0.Jerrick's Guccione Collection includes several content libraries consisting of hundreds of thousands of digital images, artwork and written works, including items from iconic brands such as OMNI and Longevity Magazines.  Jerrick plans to continue to supplement working capital by monetizing this library, while maintaining all copyrights, via periodic auctions during the year through EBTH.  With the initial sales price of items sold through EBTH averaged over $30 per item in early first quarter 2016, year-to-date 2017 has witnessed monthly increases and as of the first 2 auctions in May the average price has risen to $75 per digital image.  Over the next 5 to 10 years, Jerrick intends to progressively monetize this extensive library of more than 250,000 items with the most valuable of properties to be sold in the final years.During the second quarter of 2017, Jerrick plans to release its Vocal 2.0, essentially launching the Company's core revenue opportunities.  Since November 30, 2016, introduction of the Vocal platform, Jerrick's resources have been directed towards curating creative content providers and building unique monthly visitors.  Today, the Company is rapidly approaching an important milestone, crossing over 2,000,000 unique monthly visitors. With the launching of Vocal version 2.0, Jerrick is in a strong position to redirect much of its resources to revenue production going forward.  Vocal 2.0 includes an internal, self-serving, native ad server; expedited vertical creation; and accelerated search engine optimization. The Company believes these capabilities will significantly increase revenue creation beginning in the second half of 2017 as it implements support for several additional revenue streams including affiliate advertising, branded content (in-house produced videos and articles), tipping, data mining, film development and e-commerce.Read MoreThe Company incurred a loss from operations of $(1,000,000) for the three months ended March 31, 2017 versus a loss from operations of $(619,000) in the same period of the prior year and a loss from operations of $(1,100,000) in the fourth quarter 2016. The Company reported a net loss of $(1,600,000) ($0.04 per basic share) for the three months ended March 31, 2017. This compares to the previous year's first quarter net loss of $(652,000) ($0.02 per basic share) and $(304,000) for the fourth quarter 2016.  The increase in net loss from operations is primarily attributable to the decrease in revenue and the increase in operating expenses associated with the development of its Vocal platform.Jerrick's gross profit on revenue totaled approximately $42,000 in the first quarter of 2017, yielding a 100% gross margin as it had in the prior fourth quarter 2016.  This compares to a gross margin of 72% in the prior year first quarter.    The Company anticipates gross margin in excess of 70% as revenue from its core media platform progresses.Operating expenses for the three months ended March 31, 2017 totaled $1.1 million, an increase of approximately $365,000 (52%) over the prior year first quarter due primarily to approximately $174,000 increase in general and administrative expenses related to the development and launch of its Vocal platform, a $22,000 increase in employee compensation as Jerrick increased its staff by 3, a $31,000 increase in consulting fees predominately related to Vocal 2.0 research and development efforts, and a $139,000 increase in stock-based compensation related to the accretion of vesting terms for employee and director stock and option grants.  As Jerrick includes additional functionalities to further automate the Vocal platform, it plans to gradually install infrastructure, including personnel, that will support significant scalability. Accordingly, the Company anticipates research and development costs in the second quarter to roughly equal first quarter expenses of approximately $200,000, which is approximately twice the quarterly expense levels expected for the remainder of the year.The Company incurred other expenses of $530,000 in the first quarter 2017 compared to $33,000 in the first quarter 2016. The increase in other expenses was due to a $610,000 increase in interest expense resulting from a $331,000 non-cash debt discount and a derivative expense of $254,000 related to the Company's $1 million convertible note financing, and a $110,000 loss on settlement of debt, partially offset by a change in fair value of derivative liabilities of $224,000.  Excluding debt discount and derivative expense items related to financing, interest expense was $57,000 in the first quarter 2017 compared to $33,000 in the first quarter 2016.At March 31, 2017, the Company reported cash and cash equivalents of $54,000 and total assets of $238,000, which assesses no value for the Guccione library discussed earlier.  At March 31, 2017, the Company had current liabilities of $4.7 million of which, $1,300,000 accounts for a non-cash derivative liability.  Jerrick's short term debt totals approximately $2,400,000 compared to year-end 2016 short term debt of $2,100,000 million.  The Company holds no long-term debt. Subsequent to year-end 2016, the Company raised approximately $150,000 through the sale of additional promissory notes.On March 31, 2017, Jerrick had approximately 37.7 million shares of Common Stock outstanding, an increase of approximately 3.8 million shares during the quarter due to primarily to satisfy vendor payments totaling $354,000 and placement agent services.  On a fully diluted basis, Jerrick had convertible preferred stock, stock options, warrants, and additional Common Stock reserved for issuance that would result in the issuance of an additional 55.4 million, shares of Common Stock, generating approximately $5,200,000 in additional capital for the Company.  As of March 31, 2017, the Company had federal and state tax loss carry forwards of approximately $7,200,000 million, which expire through the fiscal year ending December 31, 2035.About JerrickJerrick is a digital media content publishing house.  Core to Jerrick's unique capabilities is Vocal, a proprietary technology and content distribution platform, programmed to deliver a robust long-form, digital publishing platform organized into highly engaged niche-communities capable of hosting all forms of rich media content.  Vocal maximizes scalability, speed, simplicity, and adaptability to create an unparalleled user experience – algorithmically designed to bridge media-rich long-form creative content with effective monetization.  Each niche-community site is overseen by a dedicated team and culture, whose primary focus is on revenue conversion of all published material via digital arbitrage. All content is meant to challenge, inspire, and enlighten. For more information please visit https://jerrick.media. Forward-Looking StatementsAny statements that are not historical facts and that express, or involve discussions as to, expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, indicated through the use of words or phrases such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "intends," "plans," "believes" and "projects") may be forward-looking and may involve estimates and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. We caution that the factors described herein could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This press release is qualified in its entirety by the cautionary statements and risk factor disclosure contained in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings.*** Financial Statements Follow ***     Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.      Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet                 March 31, 2017 (unaudited)    December 31, 2016     Assets        Current Assets                   Cash                           $         53,963    $          174,494                Prepaid expenses   -    10,000      Total Current Assets       53,963    184,494                    Property and equipment, net   62,528    71,829         Security deposits   38,445    38,445         Minority investment in business   83,333    83,333         Total Assets       $         238,269    $         378,101           Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)        Current Liabilities                    Accounts payable and accrued liabilities   $        990,108    $      1,387,068                 Accrued dividends   302,888    259,170                 Demand loan   10,366    10,366                 Convertible Notes, net of debt discount and Issuance costs   271,958    268,823                 Current portion of capital lease payable   4,732    3,524                 Note payable, related party, net of debt discount   1,389,441    1,350,325                 Note payable, net of debt discount   198,559    30,579                 Derivative liability   1,289,187                   Line of credit   215,935    235,141                Total Current Liabilities           4,673,174    3,544,996           Non-current Liabilities:                Capital lease payables   -    1,208                             Total Non-current Liabilities         -    208         Total Liabilities       4,673,174    3,546,204           Commitments and contingencies              Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)         Series A Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 33,414 and 33,314 shares issued            and outstanding respectively   33    33      Series B Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 8,063 and 7,000 shares             and outstanding, respectively   8    8      Series D Preferred stock, $0.001, 914 and 0 shares issued and outstanding respectively   1    1      Common stock, $0.001 par value: 300,000,000 authorized shares;                                37,701,322 and 33,894,592 shares issued and outstanding at                                March 31, 2017 and 2016 respectively   37,702    33,895                 Additional paid-in capital   10,406,723    10,075,941                 Accumulated deficit   (14,879,372)    (13,277,981)                     Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)   (4,434,905)    (3,168,103)      Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)   $        238,269    $          378,101      Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc.     Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations               Three Months ended March 31, 2017    Three Months ended March 31, 2017              Net revenues    $                 41,842    $              120,708      Cost of revenues    -    34,398      Gross profit    41,842    86,310              Operating expenses             Compensation    359,134    337,442         Consulting fees    140,005    109,118         Share based payments    186,976    48,449         General and administrative    383,738    209,837         Total operating expenses    1,069,853    704,846                 Loss from operations    (1,028,011)    (618,536)              Other income (expenses)             Interest expense    (642,755)    (33,154)         Change in derivative liability    223,767    -         Settlement of vendor liabilities    (110,674)    -         Other income (expenses), net    (529,662)    (33,154)              Loss before income tax provision    (1,557,673)    (651,690)              Income tax provision    -    -              Net loss    $           (1,557,673)    $              (651,690)              Per-share data              Basic and diluted loss per share    $           (0.04)    $                   (0.02)                 Weighted average number of common             shares outstanding    36,462,497    29,879,099           Company Contact: Jeremy Frommer, CEO Jerrick Media Holdings, Inc. +1-201-258-3770  info@jerrick.mediaInvestor Relations:Vivian Cervantes PCG Advisory +!-212-554-5482 vivian@pcgadvisory.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jerrick-media-holdings-inc-reports-first-quarter-2017-financial-results-300457887.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAB InBev (BUD) Earnings and Revenues Miss Estimates in Q2ZacksThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredJeff Bezos’ brief stint as world’s richest human ends with Amazon’s second-quarter whiffTechCrunchWill Phillips 66 (PSX) Disappoint This Earnings Season?ZacksUnder Armour (UAA) to Report Q2 Earnings: What Lies Ahead?ZacksEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredCan BP Plc (BP) Spring a Surprise this Earnings Season?ZacksAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceHere are the US targets North Korea most likely wants to nukeBusiness InsiderStruggling to govern, Trump faces growing Republican uneaseStuart: Actually this is the best our country can do right now.  If the Republicans accomplished anything it would be tax cuts for the wealthy, cuts to Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security, removal of all banking regulations and environmental protections and on and on.

Get rid of these traitors in 2018 so our country can be great again.Join the Conversation1 / 51.5k








