

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
























Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal - Us Weekly























































































































Us Weekly Magazine




Subscribe Now







TOP 5
STORIES







 TV 
 Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million... 









 News 
 Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation... 









 Pics 
 Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and... 









 In Memoriam  
 Linkin Park’s Mike Shinoda Announces Memorials for... 









 Exclusive 
 ‘Bachelor’ Alum Becca Tilley: 'I’m Single and Happy... 











Love Lives
Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal: ‘A Lot of Good Happened out of It’

        By
        
         Megan French

March 14, 2017













Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal: ‘A Lot of Good Happened out of It’


























More News







              Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million Salary
        









              Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation Is Closed
        









              Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and More!
        



      More News
  



Jesse James reflected on his marriage and divorce from Sandra Bullock following his highly publicized 2010 cheating scandal in a new interview with DailyMail.com.
Biggest Celebrity Cheating Scandals Ever!
In 2005, the West Coast Choppers founder, now 47, tied the knot with Bullock, now 52, after meeting her while she was touring the set of his Discovery Channel show, Monster Garage.  Shortly after Bullock’s Oscar win for The Blind Side in 2010, several women came forward and claimed that James had had affairs with them. The couple finalized their divorce in June 2012, and the Gravity actress adopted son Louis, now 7, alone later that year. Bullock, who is now dating Bryan Randall, also adopted daughter Laila in 2015.“Yeah, I did cheat on my wife, yeah,” James told the website. “I stood up and took accountability for it and apologized. And that's end of story.”



Jesse James and Sandra Bullock attend the ‘Vanity Fair’ Oscar Party 2010, held at the Sunset Towers Hotel March 7 in West Hollywood.  
Gregg DeGuire/FilmMagic



Sandra Bullock's Best Dresses
The TV personality said he still receives backlash on social media over his infidelity. “The easy [put-down] is like, ‘Oh well, you cheated on Sandra Bullock.’ That's the world's easiest comeback,” he said. “In general, both women and men cheat. It's part of life. It’s like people love to see you fall. And the farther you get, the higher you get, the more they love it. … I look at myself now and I look at how I was feeling then, and I think I was completely overreacting as far as letting it really get to me.”James claimed that the paparazzi were part of the problem. “I think it was having 50 or 60 or paparazzi outside my house for five or six months. That was not a good feeling. I'm a fighter, man, I come from the tradition of —  if you do something I don't like, I'm going to punch you,” he said. “You learn what's important – that that whole fame thing is not really … It's meaningless when your quality of life goes to zero.”









Celebrity Splits of 2016
After his split from Bullock, James decided to make a permanent move to Austin, where he and Bullock had a home. “A lot of good happened out of [the end of my marriage] because it helped me focus on being a dad more, it helped me focus on doing the right thing and being myself, and getting out of L.A. and getting a better life for my kids,” said the dad of three from previous relationships. In 2013, James got married for the fourth time to drag racer Alexis DeJoria and said it made him realize why his past marriages never worked. “I was like, I'm just going to be that old dude who's single now and never finds anybody else, and then it's like, There she is,” he said. “We like the same stuff, the same music, the same everything. We like all these things. It makes me look back at other relationships and be like, I was an idiot! What was I thinking? That was never going to work. But I guess that's how you learn, you know.”



Jesse James and Alexis DeJoria attend John Paul DeJoria's annual winter wonderland holiday party, where guests sipped Patron tequila cocktails on Dec. 22, 2012, in Malibu.  
Mike Windle/WireImage


The Monster Garage star was also previously married to Karla James, from 1991 to 2002, and they share daughter Chandler, 22, and son Eli, 19. He wed porn star Janine Lindemulder in 2002, but they divorced two years later. They share a daughter, Sunny, 13. Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter!


More News







              Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million Salary
        









              Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation Is Closed
        









              Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and More!
        



      More News
  












Trending

Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time.
What is this?



Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10...




1







Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo...




2







Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa...




3







Linkin Park’s Mike Shinoda Announces...




4







‘Bachelor’ Alum Becca Tilley: 'I’m Single and...




5







Jack Black Weighs in on The Rock’s Possible...




6







Donald Trump Ousts Reince Priebus as Chief of...




7







Finally! Kiehl's Is Coming to Sephora




8













































Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal - Us Weekly























































































































Us Weekly Magazine




Subscribe Now







TOP 5
STORIES







 TV 
 Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million... 









 News 
 Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation... 









 Pics 
 Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and... 









 In Memoriam  
 Linkin Park’s Mike Shinoda Announces Memorials for... 









 Exclusive 
 ‘Bachelor’ Alum Becca Tilley: 'I’m Single and Happy... 











Love Lives
Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal: ‘A Lot of Good Happened out of It’

        By
        
         Megan French

March 14, 2017













Jesse James Reflects on Sandra Bullock Divorce, His Cheating Scandal: ‘A Lot of Good Happened out of It’


























More News







              Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million Salary
        









              Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation Is Closed
        









              Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and More!
        



      More News
  



Jesse James reflected on his marriage and divorce from Sandra Bullock following his highly publicized 2010 cheating scandal in a new interview with DailyMail.com.
Biggest Celebrity Cheating Scandals Ever!
In 2005, the West Coast Choppers founder, now 47, tied the knot with Bullock, now 52, after meeting her while she was touring the set of his Discovery Channel show, Monster Garage.  Shortly after Bullock’s Oscar win for The Blind Side in 2010, several women came forward and claimed that James had had affairs with them. The couple finalized their divorce in June 2012, and the Gravity actress adopted son Louis, now 7, alone later that year. Bullock, who is now dating Bryan Randall, also adopted daughter Laila in 2015.“Yeah, I did cheat on my wife, yeah,” James told the website. “I stood up and took accountability for it and apologized. And that's end of story.”



Jesse James and Sandra Bullock attend the ‘Vanity Fair’ Oscar Party 2010, held at the Sunset Towers Hotel March 7 in West Hollywood.  
Gregg DeGuire/FilmMagic



Sandra Bullock's Best Dresses
The TV personality said he still receives backlash on social media over his infidelity. “The easy [put-down] is like, ‘Oh well, you cheated on Sandra Bullock.’ That's the world's easiest comeback,” he said. “In general, both women and men cheat. It's part of life. It’s like people love to see you fall. And the farther you get, the higher you get, the more they love it. … I look at myself now and I look at how I was feeling then, and I think I was completely overreacting as far as letting it really get to me.”James claimed that the paparazzi were part of the problem. “I think it was having 50 or 60 or paparazzi outside my house for five or six months. That was not a good feeling. I'm a fighter, man, I come from the tradition of —  if you do something I don't like, I'm going to punch you,” he said. “You learn what's important – that that whole fame thing is not really … It's meaningless when your quality of life goes to zero.”









Celebrity Splits of 2016
After his split from Bullock, James decided to make a permanent move to Austin, where he and Bullock had a home. “A lot of good happened out of [the end of my marriage] because it helped me focus on being a dad more, it helped me focus on doing the right thing and being myself, and getting out of L.A. and getting a better life for my kids,” said the dad of three from previous relationships. In 2013, James got married for the fourth time to drag racer Alexis DeJoria and said it made him realize why his past marriages never worked. “I was like, I'm just going to be that old dude who's single now and never finds anybody else, and then it's like, There she is,” he said. “We like the same stuff, the same music, the same everything. We like all these things. It makes me look back at other relationships and be like, I was an idiot! What was I thinking? That was never going to work. But I guess that's how you learn, you know.”



Jesse James and Alexis DeJoria attend John Paul DeJoria's annual winter wonderland holiday party, where guests sipped Patron tequila cocktails on Dec. 22, 2012, in Malibu.  
Mike Windle/WireImage


The Monster Garage star was also previously married to Karla James, from 1991 to 2002, and they share daughter Chandler, 22, and son Eli, 19. He wed porn star Janine Lindemulder in 2002, but they divorced two years later. They share a daughter, Sunny, 13. Want stories like these delivered straight to your inbox? Sign up now for the Us Weekly newsletter!


More News







              Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10 Million Salary
        









              Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo Investigation Is Closed
        









              Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa Hudgens and More!
        



      More News
  












Trending

Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time.
What is this?



Katie Couric Leaving Yahoo and Reported $10...




1







Kathy Griffin's Decapitated Trump Photo...




2







Jason Bateman, Justin Theroux, Vanessa...




3







Linkin Park’s Mike Shinoda Announces...




4







‘Bachelor’ Alum Becca Tilley: 'I’m Single and...




5







Jack Black Weighs in on The Rock’s Possible...




6







Donald Trump Ousts Reince Priebus as Chief of...




7







Finally! Kiehl's Is Coming to Sephora




8



































'No regrets' says Sandra Bullock's cheating ex Jesse James | Daily Mail Online




























































































































































































 



 Home



 U.K.


 
 

News



 Sports



 U.S. Showbiz



 Australia



 Femail



 Health



 Science



 Money



 Video



 Travel



 Columnists







Latest Headlines


News


World News


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


Wires



My Profile
Logout





              Login
            








Feedback









 



NEW ARTICLESHomeTopShare


 show ad










The final indignity: Priebus is abandoned by White House staffers who make hasty exit from his SUV when Trump tweets from Air Force One that he is out of a job and replaced by John Kelly





REVEALED: One-in-400million disability becomes COMMON in tiny polygamist Mormon town Hilldale where sufferers can't sit or stand without help after generations of inbreeding





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox speaks about how the murder trial and four years in prison defined her





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and choked one because she wouldn't have sex with him'





Trump WILL sign bill imposing tough new financial sanctions on Russia despite Moscow's threat of retaliation





Gloating Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after another successful nuclear missile test that US experts claim can now hit CHICAGO





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram breaks down in tears in court as she's denied lower a bail 





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Open your window blinds, go big with mirrors and declutter: The simple things you can do to your home to improve your HEALTH





At least 30 injured after New York City Water Taxi carrying 125 people slams into dock in Manhattan sparking huge response from emergency services 





The REAL reason Scaramucci hates Priebus: Trump's new darling of the White House 'never forgave ousted Chief of Staff for scuttling his chances of joining the transition team' as he now gets last laugh





'You can't have everything': Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare 'implode' before trying to pass health bill - and blames 'the swamp' after humiliating defeat





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling people he wants 'a general' as White House chief of staff





Wife of Scaramucci files for divorce after growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition' - three years into the marriage and one week since his White House posting





'The case is closed, I have been completely exonerated. Finally.': Kathy Griffin tweets relief that Secret Service investigation is over following Donald Trump decapitated head fiasco





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus AND the Mooch with him to speech where he says it's OK for police to rough up 'thugs'





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends Twitter wild as social media reacts to the West Wing chaos





The majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against Trump's ban 





Screenwriter for hit show 'Lost' promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against Obamacare repeal - and is then forced to keep his word





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during Italian getaway - as taxpayers forked out $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of her D.C. home, followed closely by a very laid back Jared





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played Cupid for her - as she opens up on life at his side - and explains why Michelle was really the boss





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online show after four years




Previous
Next








EXCLUSIVE: 'I was an idiot - what was I thinking?' Sandra Bullock's cheating ex Jesse James is now happily remarried to a drag-racing heiress, manufacturing $25,000 guns (one a gift for President Trump) and designing clothes for the NRA 
Seven years ago, West Coast Choppers founder Jesse James was enduring the worst time of his life following revelations he cheated on Sandra BullockHe is now remarried to drag racer and heiress Alexis DeJoria, 39, and has a gun manufacturing business and a National Rifle Association clothing lineIn an exclusive interview with DailyMail.com, James, 47, tells of his failed marriages, new business ventures and his support of President TrumpOn his ex-wife Sandra Bullock, James says a lot of good came out of the  marriage and he has 'no regrets' except about the loss of 'his son' LouisBullock and James started the process of adopting Louis before their divorce but she finalized the adoption alone By

Ruth Styles In Austin, Texas For Dailymail.com

Published:
  11:10 EDT, 14 March 2017

 | 
Updated:
  16:43 EDT, 14 March 2017













e-mail








830
shares

 
         475
View  comments



Seven years ago, West Coast Choppers founder Jesse James was enduring the worst time of his life; ordure piling up on his head following revelations he cheated on his then-wife Sandra Bullock.Today, things are very different for the 'glorified welder', 47. Gone is the LA home – swapped for a $2 million mansion in Texas – while the Long Beach garage that propelled him to fame is a thing of the past.Now happily remarried to wife number four, drag racer and heiress Alexis DeJoria, 39, James has thrown himself into a panoply of new ventures, including a gun manufacturing business and a National Rifle Association clothing range.West Coast Choppers still powers on, albeit largely in the form of clothing, and James says his $25,000 apiece guns are now his main focus – among them the weapon he is making as a gift for President Trump.  





 In exclusive interview with DailyMail.com, Jesse James says he is in a good place with wife number four, Alexis DeJoria, and his new business ventures - a gun manufacturing company and a National Rifle Association clothing line Speaking exclusively to DailyMail.com, he said: 'I'm just not sure how I'm going to get it to him. I asked his people and they don't know either. They only just started this stuff so I guess they're still getting things figured out.'Along with weapons, James' passions include his motorbike – a hot rod customized to look like a New Orleans Police Department chopper, complete with a siren – and his family.His two eldest children, from his marriage to first wife Karla James, live close to his Dripping Springs, Texas, home: son Eli, 19, lives in Austin where he plays in two bands and has 'a passion for music' according to his proud father.Meanwhile his daughter Chandler, 22, is getting back on track following well-publicized drug problems that saw her enter rehab in 2013 and is a committed 'PETA vegetarian'.Ex-wife Bullock, 52, also keeps a house in the area, as does Janine Lindemulder, 48, the porn star mother of his youngest daughter Sunny, 13.  





 Seven years ago, the West Coast Choppers founder endured the worst time of his life following revelations he cheated on his then-wife Sandra Bullock 





He remarried drag racer and billionaire heiress Alexis DeJoria, 39, in March 2013. Of their relationship he said: 'We like the same stuff, the same music, the same everything. It makes me look back at other relationships and be like, I was an idiot! What was I thinking?'  





 James, 47, was married three times before, including to porn star Janine Lindemulder. The pair had an acrimonious divorce and vicious custody battle over their daughter, Sunny He has no contact with Bullock now – nor the son, Louis, they were in the process of adopting at the time of their divorce – but he says he does not regret a thing and is happy with how life turned out.James married Alexis DeJoria in 2013. She is the daughter of billionaire entrepreneur John Paul DeJoria, co-founder of the Paul Mitchell hair care products line and Patron Spirits Company.Speaking about her, he said: 'It's just a different deal this time and it just happened.'I was like, I'm just going to be that old dude who's single now and never find anybody else, and then it's like – there she is.'We like the same stuff, the same music, the same everything. We like all these things. It makes me look back at other relationships and be like, I was an idiot! What was I thinking? That was never going to work. But I guess that's how you learn, you know.' He added: 'The first one [Karla] doesn't count because I was 20 when I got with her and she was 30. Isn't that kind of bad?'Like my daughter's 22 right now and I imagine if some 30-year-old dude came round, I'd be like no, no, no.  





 James is now working on new business ventures, including manufacturing $25,000 guns  





 The 'glorified welder' says he is in the process of making a gun as a gift for President Trump. He said: ': 'I'm just not sure how I'm going to get it to him. I asked his people and they don't know either. They only just started this stuff so I guess they're still getting things figured out'  





 The TV star swapped his LA home for a $2 million Austin, Texas property shortly after his split from Sandra Bullock  





 James said:  'I always felt more relaxed in Austin [during his marriage to Bullock], so I opened a shop, started doing projects here and it got more and more'  





 Along with weapons, James' passions include working on his motorbikes in his Texas garage  





 Jesse and wife Alexis after she won the Carquest Auto Parts event in Chandler, Arizona, America  in 2014'That was kind of scandalous. No ill will but by the time I was 30 and she was 40, we had nothing, nothing in common.'James was born in Long Beach, California, to a working class family and made his first foray into business in 1989 from his mother's garage.That business, West Coast Choppers, would go on to become a multi-million dollar enterprise – given a boost via a reality TV show named Monster Garage that made its debut in June 2002.From there, James expanded into further TV work – appearing in the Discovery Channel's Sons of Guns, Jesse James is a Dead Man, American Chopper and, most recently, Jesse James: Outlaw Garage.West Coast Choppers, originally a business specializing in custom motorcycle parts and complete bikes, expanded into clothing and accessories – most featuring a logo resembling the Maltese Cross.For a decade, the brand was sold through the 5,000 US branches of Walmart – as well as internationally, in countries ranging from the U.K. to China.But James' business – and his personal reputation – came crashing down in March 2010 after several women came forward claiming to having had affairs with the 47-year-old.At the time, James was married to his third wife, actress Sandra Bullock, whom he married in 2005, after meeting her during a tour of the Monster Garage set.Prior to that, he had been married to Karla James, 57, between 1991 and 2002 with whom he had two children, and porn actress Janine Lindemulder, 48.Lindemulder, whose main claim to fame is her appearance on the cover of Blink 182's 1999 album Enema of the State, was his wife between 2002 and 2004.






  





 On his ex-wife Sandra Bullock, James says a lot of good came out of the marriage and he has 'no regrets' except about the loss of 'his son' Louis. Bullock and James started the process of adopting Louis before their divorce but she finalized the adoption alone A year before his marriage to Bullock ended, Lindemulder was the cause of another scandal – igniting a custody battle over James' youngest daughter Sunny following her release from prison in October 2009 on tax evasion charges.At the time, Bullock stood by her husband but all that changed after it emerged that he had cheated on her with tattooed model Michelle 'Bombshell' McGee.Two other women, stripper Melissa Smith and Los Angeles photographer Brigitte Daguerre also came forward claiming to have had affairs with James.In April 2010, he checked himself into a rehab facility in Arizona after apologizing profusely to Bullock, although that wasn't enough to save the marriage – they divorced the following June.James told DailyMail.com: 'Yeah, I did cheat on my wife, yeah, I stood up and took accountability for it and apologized. And that's end of story. Everything else was just… [shakes his head]'.The 47-year-old, who is still targeted on social media over the affair, added: 'The easy [put down] is like, oh well you cheated on Sandra Bullock. That's the world's easiest comeback.'In general, both women and men cheat. It's part of life.'He continued: 'It's like people love to see you fall. And the farther you get, the higher you get, the more they love it.'I look at myself now and I look at how I was feeling then, and I think I was completely overreacting as far as letting it really get to me.'I think it was having 50 or 60 or paparazzi outside my house for five or six months… That was not a good feeling. I'm a fighter man, I come from the tradition of – if you do something I don't like, I'm going to punch you.'There's no lawsuits, nothing – we're just going to fight it out. It's hard for me to bite my cheeks and not say anything and just look down.'You learn what's important – that that whole fame thing is not really…. It's meaningless when your quality of life goes to zero.'Despite finding the going tough, James now says 'a lot of good' came out of the end of his marriage – including his move to Austin, Texas, shortly after his divorce from Bullock.He said: 'I always felt more relaxed here [during his marriage to Bullock], so I opened a shop, started doing projects here and it got more and more.'Finally, in 2010, I was like, I'm out of here [Los Angeles]. I got sick of LA, I went through a bunch of BS – I thought, it's time to go, get a better life for my kids, you know.  





 James was one of the first celebrities to endorse Donald Trump, whom he met while filming Celebrity Apprentice in 2009, he has been outspoken in his support for the president'A lot of good happened out of [the end of his marriage] because it helped me focus on being a dad more, it helped me focus on doing the right thing and being myself, and getting out of LA and getting a better life for my kids.'Nonetheless, James, who remains at the helm of West Coast Choppers as well as Jesse James Firearms Unlimited, Texas Hot Rods and, most recently, NRA Originals, isn't shy about putting his head above the parapet.One of the first celebrities to endorse Donald Trump, whom he met while filming Celebrity Apprentice in 2009, he has been outspoken in his support for the president.He said: 'I know he's working hard and he's doing a lot of stuff – like the thing he signed for equality for women.'We don't even know about it and you know why? Because no one does any press on it. They're all like, oh he hates women. I think he's doing good.'Speaking about the President's recent visit to Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida, with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, James added:'I thought, even if he's not my friend or nothing, it's kind of bad a** we have a president who can take someone and entertain and probably get that guy to pay more for us to defend them – that's how it's done.'That's how they do sales meetings – they say let's go out for dinner and they'll get the buyer to pay more and that's how it's done. I don't know if Obama was cut out for that.'James, who voted for Obama in 2008, says he was left disappointed by the former president, while Hillary Clinton he dismisses as a person 'who only cares about herself'.On Liberals such as Amy Schumer who continue to protest the Trump administration, James is cutting.'[Schumer] is not funny. Even her skits and all the things like that. I don't care about her personal views but I don't think she's that funny.


RELATED ARTICLES

Previous
1
Next






Cops illegally searched the home of Sandra Bullock's stalker...



Wedding bells? Sandra Bullock and live-in boyfriend Bryan...



Sealed with a kiss! Sandra Bullock shares a smooch with beau...



A man she can depend on! Sandra Bullock steps out with long...





Share this article
Share
830 shares



'Ellen DeGeneres as a stand-up comedian? F***ing funny. Amy Schumer… Not so much.'On Schumer's anti-gun stance, he added: 'It's all bulls*** because if she came here and hung out for a day and learned to shoot, she would love it.'It's all, even the anti-Trump stuff, it's a little bit a grab at fame. If I tell everybody what an asshole Trump is and how I hate him, then I'll be on CNN or CNBC. They're all getting a bump in fame by slamming him.'Although James says he hopes that people will come around to Trump and unite behind the flag, for himself, the focus is now on the recently launched NRA Originals and his Jesse James Firearms Unlimited brands.But for all the politicking he does on Twitter and other social media outlets, he says he is not interested in making the move to Washington DC himself and wants to carry on with what he does best – welding and creating choppers and firearms.He said: 'I'm just a welder. A glorified welder. That's really what my core is. Everything else is just like frosting. How I weld today, that's what really means the most.'



Share or comment on this article


















e-mail








830
shares











      Most watched News videos          Passengers cheer as rowdy women are kicked off Ryanair flight         The dramatic moment John McCain defeats ‘skinny’ Obamacare         Charlie Gard holds card bearing the words 'two weeks old today'         Emergency services at supermarket stabbing crime scene in Hamburg         'I'm not that old': Student defends talking to a teen for sex         Touching moment Charlie Gard looks up at camera in peak health         Horrifying moment carriage comes off Fire Ball ride in mid-air         Skiing video posted by Toni Terry revealing they weren't at home         Huge shark jumps aboard fishing boat and gets stuck on deck         Cruise ship victim Kristy Manzanares featured in real estate video         Moment Charlie Gard's parents spend quality time by his side         Treasured clips and photos tell Charlie Gard's brave story         





       'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's...      ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of...      'We had a great life, look after our kids': The...      ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted...      Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after...      Student, 21, who thought he was meeting a 14-year-old boy...      Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one...      Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is...      'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with...      Waterloo Road actress Holly Matthews shares heartbreaking...      'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park...      North Korea fires ballistic missile 2,000 miles into...      Anger explodes over arrest death: Angry mob hurl petrol...      Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a...      Two women are in hospital with broken bones after a...      Grooming gang boss who pimped girls out at £150-a-time...      How a one-in-400million disability became common in a...      Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted...     MOST READ NEWS  Previous Next  ● ● ● ●       












Comments 473

	    Share what you think
          







Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated





 
View all




The comments below have not been moderated.





 
View all



      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    


We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






More top stories











Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search

















Like
DailyMail




Follow
MailOnline




Follow
DailyMail




+1
DailyMail








 
 
Femail Today










          White hot! Body loving Emily Ratajkowski strips down to sexy bikini for Instagram swimsuit photo
          
          She knows her way around a two-piece
        











          Getting steamy! Bella Thorne prances around in jeweled lingerie before lounging in bathtub for music video shoot
          
          Steamy bath session 
        











          Almost homeowners! Beyonce and Jay Z 'are close to snapping up that $130m Bel-Air mansion for $90m'... as new details emerge on property
          












          New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
          












          The love affair that shocked the world... told by the people who watched it unfold: Why Diana dumped the Muslim doctor she wanted to marry for Dodi
          















          Model squad! Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin join Kendall Jenner and Imaan Hammam at Gigi's apartment in NY before heading to concert
          












          Diana's dangerous liaisons: Dashing in their day... but what's become of the men who stole the Princess's heart? 
          
          Take a look at Diana's lovers 
        











          PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Madonna cuts a care free figure as she relaxes in the sunshine with handsome shirtless pal during St Tropez break
          












          Paris Jackson goes TOPLESS as she relaxes at nature retreat and bows before Buddha statue
          
          She has just landed her first movie role
        











          Bathing beauty! Charlize Theron strips down to a black swimsuit as she cools off during a family vacation in Mexico
          
          She has still got it
        











          Heidi Klum, 44, shows off her figure in bikini as she is surrounded by roses while showering with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, on romantic St Tropez yacht trip
          














          Busting out! Kate Upton and Kendra Wilkinson show off their impressive cleavage at the JBL Fest in Las Vegas
          
          Cleavage was on show 
        











          Pretty in prints! Chrissy Teigen looks radiant in floral kimono with John Legend after posting hilarious late night antics to Snapchat
          
          Looked stunning as ever
        











          Blac Chyna flaunts her figure in black spandex shorts and a crop top for shopping trip with new beau Mechie
          
          Currently with rapper Mechie
        











          Going undercover? Nina Agdal wears camouflage as ex-boyfriend Leo parties with a bevy of beauties on St Tropez yacht
          
          Out and about 
        











          Future glitterball champ? Maksim Chmerkovskiy's son Shai gets a dance lesson from uncle Val in cute video
          
          Shared the video 
        











          No glam squad needed! Ivanka Trump applies some last-minute make-up in the back of her SUV, before heading to a meeting at the United Nations
          












          Diana's never-before-seen photo album: Remarkable snapshots offer an enchanting insight into the life of the late royal
          
          Intimate pictures 
        











          Charles knew of Diana's affair... and didn't care: The 1987 photograph that showed the Prince joking with James Hewitt - who was sleeping with his wife
          












          Where's the Bachelorette? Rachel Lindsay skips out on engagement party in Punta Cana...as it's claimed reality star 'didn't make her flight'
          












          Back to black! Ariel Winter shows off long dark mane after trip to West Hollywood salon
          
          Went through reddish, crimson locks for much of the summer
        













          'She's just not that into me': Kim Kardashian shares video of a 'grumpy' North West... but son Saint is all smiles during Snapchat session
          












          Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht during Italian getaway - as taxpayers paid $100K on car rentals ALONE for First Daughter's trip
          












          Denim diva! Model Martha Hunt struts around NYC in close-cropped blue jumpsuit
          
          Seemed to be honing her walk as she navigated Chelsea 
        











          Hayley Atwell calls Wonder Woman's success 'a triumph' for women in cinema as she promotes Howards End at TCAs
          
          Popular blockbuster 
        











          Strike a pose! Bella Thorne shows off 'sexy plumped Buxom lips for the summer' on social media
          
          Seems never to get tired of posing up a storm 
        











          Long time no see! Kendall Jenner steps out in striped playsuit as she is spotted with pal Scott Disick for the first time in months 
          
          Catching up in NYC
        












          Everlasting episodes! UnREAL renewed for fourth season by Lifetime ahead of season 3 premiere
          
          Depicts fictitious reality TV dating show 
        











          Beyonce and Jay Z are taking SoulCycle classes together six weeks after welcoming twins Sir and Rumi
          
          Spinning classes to stay in shape 
        











          Wonder in white: Eva Longoria shows off glowing tan as she lands at LAX after bikini holiday in Mallorca
          
          Had to trade in her bikini for traveling pants
        











          Spreading her wings! VS Angel Romee Strijd flaunts her lithe limbs as she flies around on scooter for NYC fitness shoot
          
          Posing for a photoshoot
        













          Hulk Smack! Smitten Mark Ruffalo gets a kiss on the cheek from Diego the sea lion at Georgia Aquarium
          
          You wouldn't like him when he's angry!
        











          Jean-ius! Madison Beer flashes toned torso in sexy ripped double denim look...after admitting she has a 'crush' on Brooklyn Beckham
          












          Spread the word! Rebel Wilson looks vibrant as she gleefully bursts out of a church in cropped jeans and a stripey shirt while filming scenes for Isn't It Romantic
          












          Now THAT'S a bromance! Chris Hemsworth kisses Hollywood legend Anthony Hopkins on set of blockbuster Thor: Ragnarok
          












          Beach day for two! OITNB's Jackie Cruz packs on the PDA with boyfriend Fernando Garcia as she flashes major side boob in Spain
          
          Much needed downtime 
        











          'Feelin' that summer breeze!': Cindy Crawford looks flawless in makeup-free shot from her Canadian vacation home
          
          The 51-year-old beauty 
        











          Game of Thrones actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau claims ex-manager set him up with 'sham' deals in fraud lawsuit
          
          Deal entitled her to 10 percent commission 
        











          She can't keep her lips off him! DWTS' Peta Murgatroyd gives baby Shai a cute kiss as she goes shopping with her boy
          
          Grocery run 
        











          EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian 
          












          'It's a......': Jamie-Lynn Sigler reveals the gender of forthcoming baby with exploding baseball
          
          The 36-year-old Sopranos alum 
        











          Belly dancing diva! Amber Rose shows off her killer curves leaving a belly dancing class after revealing she faced 'constant bullying' from Kanye
          












          Back on the mean streets! Jennifer Lopez continues to film NBC crime drama Shades Of Blue in New York
          
          Was spotted on the outdoor set 
        











          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Vegan girlfriend of Princess Margaret's grandson shares VERY risqué picture of herself enjoying the fresh air 
          












          Beaming Elton John sports garish floral shirt as he joins similarly funky David Furnish on Italy jaunt 
          
          The 70-year-old Rocket Man hitmaker 
        











          Blue beauty! Hilary Duff steps out in casual shirt and torn jeans combo for chores in Beverly Hills... after her home was burglarized
          
          Appeared somber
        













          Lingerie-flashing Monica Bellucci, 52, shows off her age-defying good looks in sizzling sheer skirt as she dazzles at Monaco Red Cross Ball Gala
          












          Cherry nice! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts her famous figure in a cut-out black mini-dress printed with fruit
          
          Pounded the pavement
        











          'You're really somethin' else, babe': AnnaLynne McCord rolls around in bed in steamy sex scene and points guns at herself during trailer for 68 Kill
          












          The futuristic Queen! Princess Charlene of Monaco shows off her TINY waist in corseted space-age gown as she joins husband Prince Albert II at a gala
          












          SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Catherine Zeta-Jones and Michael Douglas appear to be back on track in dancing 17th anniversary snaps
          












          Passion of the Christ star Mel Gibson lists his Medieval style Malibu mansion adorned with plenty of wooded crosses for $17.5m
          
          Has an old world feel 
        











          Stephen Colbert to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime
          
          As-yet untitled comedy will mock the president  
        











          On two wheels! Seventh Heaven star Beverly Mitchell teaches her cute daughter how to ride a bike... and smartly doesn't forget a helmet
          












          Living on the edge! Rihanna dangles from the side of a building in Kendrick Lamar's surreal music video for hit single LOYALTY
          
          Hip hop megastar 
        











          Sienna Miller continues her chic streak in a fitted trench coat as she prepares for another performance of Cat On A Hot Tin Roof
          
          Enjoying her run 
        











          What will stepmom Barbra Streisand think? Josh Brolin looks muscular as he poses completely NAKED while his wife flexes her arms in bathroom selfie
          












          'We explore inequality and women's rights': Actress Madeleine Madden discusses the 'feminist' remake of Picnic At Hanging Rock
          
          Reboot of classic movie
        











          Bet Tyrone Wood like that! Rita Ora flashes generous underboob in skimpy bikini... amid romance rumors with Rolling Stone Ronnie's son
          












          Feline good! Vanessa Hudgens flashes her toned abs and legs in Yeah Pussy cropped top and shorts
          
          Picked up a fresh juice from EarthBar
        











          'Got a little taste of wifey's world!' DJ Ruckus shares loved-up behind the scenes snap from shoot with fiancée model Shanina Shaik
          
          Getting married soon 
        











          Fit and fantastic! Lucy Hale highlights svelte shape in sporty tank top and leggings as she grabs iced coffee
          
          Looked relaxed and content 
        











          Flashing her abs again! Jennifer Lopez. 48, looks fit in tank top as she holds hands with beau Alex Rodriguez after his birthday celebration
          












          Loving her look! Rihanna 'feels sexy and more confident with new curves'... as beau Hassan Jameel 'treats her like a princess'
          
          Singer wowed this week
        











          Wonder in white! Brooke Burke flaunts her fit arms and teases her toned legs while out for dinner in Malibu
          
          The 45-year-old looked stunning as usual
        











          Erin Andrews urges fans to try meditation to lower cancer risk after her shock diagnosis and surgery
          
          First major interview after battling with the disease
        











          'My mouth dropped': Oprah Winfrey recalls the moment Mindy Kaling told her she was FIVE MONTHS pregnant 
          
          They are co-stars in A Wrinkle In Time
        











          Busy mommy! Molly Sims looks fit in Daisy Dukes as she takes family on ice-cream outing in The Hamptons after brief trip to Los Angeles
          












          'I have a lot of insecurities... I do weird sh**': Selena Gomez explains what motivated her to make the disturbing video for Fetish
          












          'He can smize!': Tyra Banks flashes her bra under revealing strappy dress on Seth Meyers Late Show as she offers update on one-year-old son York
          












          'He puts up with my ridiculous jokes and scatter brain': Reese Witherspoon reveals why she loves spouse Jim Toth as she wishes him a happy birthday
          












          Bozo's a real babe! Meet Bill Skarsgård - brother of True Blood star Alexander - the hunky actor playing Pennywise in remake of Stephen King's It
          












          Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning AGAIN to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill for the third time - years after being reprimanded
          
          Feds slammed Kim
        











          Still going strong! ALL THREE Married at First Sight couples decide to stay with spouses eight weeks after saying 'I do' as strangers - even pair who haven't had sex 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Family, NFL stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with disgraced athlete
          












          Still got it! Rachael Leigh Cook is pretty in purple as she hits LA event... 18 years after blasting to fame with Freddie Prinze Jr in She's All That
          












          Jax is back! Charlie Hunnam channels his Sons Of Anarchy character as he runs errands on his black Harley-Davidson motorcycle in LA
          












          'The kiss was great!': Paula Patton dishes on locking lips with Mission: Impossible co-star Tom Cruise while stopping by LIVE With Kelly & Ryan
          












          'About the bikini life': Victoria's Secret model Lais Ribeiro flaunts her toned body in tiny swimwear during getaway to the Spanish island of Ibiza
          












          Just the girls! Katie Holmes grabs coffee-to-go in sweatpants and playful T-shirt with daughter Suri Cruise, 11,  as pair run errands in NYC
          












          Reach for the sky! Amy Schumer throws tote bag in air as she jumps with glee while filming I Feel Pretty in blue leggings and tank top
          












          'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
          












          Countdown! Jessica Biel keeps her cool in denim skirt and tank top as she continues filming The Sinner...with just days to go until series premiere
          












          Back in her bondage suit! Nicki Minaj models red outfit with kinky boots to star in You Da Baddest music video with Future
          
          Showed off her curves
        











          Marla Maples shares  new pictures of herself and daughter Tiffany Trump living it up in Rome last week, as she reminisces about their lavish trip to Italy
          












          Joy Corrigan risks wardrobe malfunction while modeling barely there bikinis at Miami beach shoot
          
          Blonde model, 22, stripped off
        











          'I tried to be a good role model': Sarah Hyland reveals she helped Modern Family co-star Ariel Winter have body confidence
          
          Pair are good pals
        











          Lovely in leather! Hailey Baldwin shows off her toned figure in curve-hugging mini dress as she grabs an iced tea with a friend in Los Angeles
          












          Her mini me daughters! Full House star Lori Loughlin, 53, looks sensational as she poses with her pretty teens at Hallmark event in Los Angeles
          












          She's a California girl! AnnaLynne McCord hits the beach in Malibu in a revealing leopard-print dress for book launch 
          
          The 30-year-old beauty  looked radiant 
        











          Elisabeth Moss turns up the heat as she strips for sizzling sex scene in Top Of The Lake: China Girl... as viewers gush over her 'brilliant' performance
          












          Style Swoon: From Jennifer Lopez's sparkly shoe collaboration to Anna Sui's affordable fall line, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that got our attention this week
          












          Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager share a sweet snap of their daughters enjoying a play date, while celebrating their own friendship
          












          You can't always get what you want, Mick! Rolling Stones frontman moans about Brexit in new tracks titled 'England Lost' and 'Gotta Get a Grip'
          












           Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son Theodore out of D.C. home, followed by very laid back Jared
          












          Retro in red! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably slender figure in a vintage Star Wars T-shirt and red bell-bottom pants as she leaves her NYC pad
          












          Cute legs! Amy Schumer flashes her gams on NYC set of I Am Pretty...after leaving 'large tip' at steak house where she waitressed in 2004
          












          'It's a bunch of crap': R Kelly breaks his silence over 'sex cult' allegations in new video as he announces he will continue to tour
          
          Took to social media
        











          The best of Friends! Courteney Cox gets an affectionate kiss from 13-year-old daughter Coco as they enjoy a day out at Disneyland
          
          Tight-knit duo
        











          Pamela Anderson, 50, looks elegant in a pastel pink silk prom dress as she makes a glamorous arrival at the first day of Comic Con in London
          
          Delighted Baywatch fans
        











          'I'm still fighting every day': The Good Wife actress Melissa George says she is 'surviving for my kids' as bitter custody dispute with ex Jean David Blanc rages
          












          'Maybe one day!' One Direction star Liam Payne, 23, DENIES he has wed girlfriend Cheryl, 34... despite repeatedly referring to the singer as his wife
          












          Penelope Cruz wears floral dress before getting into character as Donatella Versace to shoot scenes for American Crime Story in Los Angeles
          












          'It was a joke': Tiffany Haddish walks back comment about wanting to work with Bill Cosby when she said she would 'drink the juice...and take a nap'
          












          Miss American Eye-ful! Tara Reid, 41, goes braless and flashes her thong in VERY racy chainmail minidress at art event
          
          Put on a show!
        











          More in love than ever! Charlene and Albert put on a VERY affectionate display as they're joined by their adorable twins to launch an ecological expedition in Monaco
          












          Gigi Hadid stuns in an elegant  new Missoni campaign... as her One Direction boyfriend Zayn Malik admits he is 'working through' anxiety issues
          












          Model Jessica Hart exudes Hollywood glamour in a flowing silver ball gown for charity gala in France
          
          Split from Paris Hilton's ex Stavros Niarchos III
        











          'We are not the reason': The Hillsong Church slams rumors about Justin Bieber's decision to cancel his Purpose world tour
          
          Caused a storm
        











          The sweet smell of success! Jennifer Aniston launches her FIFTH fragrance called Luxe... as she negotiates TV deal with Reese Witherspoon
          












          Queen Elizabeth's former page boy is a hit with the ladies: Princess Margaret's grandson Arthur shows off his hunky physique on Instagram 
          












          'I think I'm getting a Kardashian pout!' Liam Payne struggles as he munches through a platter of VERY spicy hot chicken wings during interview
          












          Bradley Cooper's girlfriend Irina Shayk shows off a diamond ring on her engagement finger as she takes her four-month-old daughter Lea shopping in LA
          












          'I won't ever look at things in the same light': Miranda Lambert says Blake Shelton divorce means she can no longer 'take pain for granted'
          












          You're welcome! Shirtless Hugh Jackman brandishes his muscle-bound physique as he takes an outdoor shower at Bondi Beach in Sydney
          












          Karrueche Tran shows off her incredible abs in tiny bardot crop top and low-slung combats as she enjoys night out with pals at Los Angeles hostpot Catch
          












          'We met at a fashion show and five years later we're doing a film.': Cara Delevingne on her 'amazing' five-year friendship with Valerian co-star Rihanna
          












          Cooling off! Madison Beer sips an iced tea in New York City after insisting she is not dating Brooklyn Beckham... but does have a 'crush' on him
          












          Work hard, play hard! Smitten Paris Hilton dazzles in a form-fitting dress as she steals a smooch from beau Chris Zylka while DJing in Spain
          












          Yacht a beauty! Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her curves in plunging black bikini as she tops up her tan during lavish St Tropez break
          












          Making a splash! Heidi Klum, 44, and Vito Schnabel, 31, look in good spirits as they enjoy a spot of paddle boarding during romantic break in Italy
          












          Double denim is the new black! Actress Yael Stone, 32,  dons a quirky ensemble as she takes to the stage at Sydney's Video Junkee festival 
          
          She was main speaker
        











          Police on emergency call to find missing woman run her over by mistake before she is airlifted to hospital by Prince William on his last air ambulance shift 
          












          Stylish Jennifer Lopez looks besotted as she walks hand-in-hand with beau Alex Rodriguez ahead of romantic meal celebrating his 42nd birthday
          












          'I wanted her my whole life... it's a loss': Rapper Meek Mill admits split with Nicki Minaj left him heartbroken... as he gives first raw interview about their breakup
          












          Hot rodding! Singer Cody Simpson channels his inner rocker as he spends the day enjoying California life in his classic Ford Falcon in West Hollywood
          












          Serving up a display of unity! Bachelor star Nick Viall cuddles up to fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi as they join stars at charity ping pong event
          












          The Modelizer is back! Leonardo DiCaprio is yet again surrounded by a bevy of beauties as he is joined by giggling best pal Tobey Maguire on St Tropez yacht 
          












          Spoiler Alert! Rachel Lindsay's friend appears to have let slip the identity of Bachelorette star's chosen suitor
          
          There are only three contestants left 
        











          A night with her main men! Ashlee Simpson looks lovely in a navy blue gown as she joins dad Joe and husband Evan Ross at art charity bash 
          












          Ashley Tisdale covers her modesty with a strip of denim as she goes braless under transparent top on date night with husband Christopher French
          












          Back in the saddle! Princess Anne's daughter Zara Tindall cuts an impressive figure at horse trials after returning from a raucous trip to Ibiza
          












          Prince Harry cheers Red Cross volunteers in London dealing with the aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy as it's revealed other tower blocks failed checks
          












          Showing off what she's got! Britney Spears puts her chest on display as she shares a workout clip on Instagram
          
          Shared a few of her secrets
        











          'He was compassionate': Injured photographer brands Justin Bieber 'a good kid' after being hit by his truck
          
          Immediately got out 
        











          Reese Witherspoon stays cool in two summery outfits in baking hot LA... after revealing plans to star in new TV show with  Jennifer Aniston 
          












          'Oh please, Mooch. I don't think anybody could block you from being a c***': Stephen Colbert mocks Scaramucci's foul-mouthed rant 
          












          At last! Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep pictured filming their FIRST EVER scene together on New York set of The Papers
          
          25 Oscar nominations between them
        











          'Adventure here we come!': Honeymooners Julianne Hough and Brooks Laich swap the Seychelles for a safari in Kenya after splashy wedding
          












          'She was the best friend a girl could ask for': Jessica Alba bids farewell to beloved family pet pug Sid
          
          Family 'devastated' by loss of pet pooch
        











          Mother's pride! Jennifer Garner showcases toned arms in vest as she enjoys stroll with daughter Violet
          
          Looked in fine form 
        











          'It needs to stop!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts eye-popping cleavage as she makes fun of LA's 'stupid valley girl' accent 
          












          Mom-to-be chic! Mindy Kaling debuts baby bump in stylish black dress as she hits red carpet at TCA event in Beverly Hills
          
          Announced it last week
        











          Red alert! Olivia Culpo steps out in New York in quirky scarlet ensemble and thigh-high boots for sultry shoot
          
          Strutted her stuff in the Big Apple
        











          Seeing double! Aubrey Plaza and Elizabeth Olsen rock matching mini dresses at LA premiere of their new stalker comedy
          
          Co-stars together 
        











          Beauty and the best: Elizabeth Olsen's side braid and Nathalie Emmanuel's BLUE lipstick top our list of favorite hair and make-up moments 
          












          Game on! Prince Harry shows off his fancy footwork as he joins adorable youngsters playing handball as part of a fitness scheme in east London
          












          Showstopper! Andie MacDowell, 59, stuns at Hallmark event in cleavage-baring sleeveless white frock
          
          The model and actress went braless
        











          Joanna Krupa wears facemask and flashes torso during getaway to Greece...as Brandi Glanville 'seeks to throw out model's lawsuit'
          
          Looking sensational 
        











          Keeping up the hemline! Kendall Jenner flaunts her long lean legs in very mini skirt and strappy heels
          
          Model made sure all eyes were on her
        











          'My family's hero passed away': Marc Anthony grieves mother's death with heartbreaking Twitter message
          
          Tribute.
        











          Crimson Collins! Lily stuns in bold strapless number at Last Tycoon premiere in Los Angeles
          
          She is quickly becoming an international fashion maven 
        











          The thirsty thief strikes again! Drake super fan 'is pepper-sprayed and arrested' after attempting to break into his Hollywood mansion for a second time
          












          Justin Bieber turning to 'father figure' Carl Lentz for help after cancelling Purpose world tour... after claiming pastor 'brings out the best in him'
          












          Cara Delevingne dons bright wigs before rocking out in bodysuit of butterflies as she debuts first single in quirky sci-fi inspired music video
          












          Pregnant Jamie Lynn Sigler shows a hint of a baby bump after announcing she's expecting her second child
          
          Ex-Sopranos star 
        











          Lovely in lace! Priyanka Chopra showcases her figure in plunging white broderie anglaise dress in NYC
          
          She'd starred in over fifty Bollywood blockbusters 
        











          Generating a lot of buzz! Ryan Murphy and FX reveal new American Horror Story poster featuring brain beehive
          
          last week revealed the title would be Cult
        











          'It's just not really realistic': Madison Beer flashes toned tummy as she denies being in a relationship with Brooklyn Beckham
          
          Looked sleek and sexy
        











          Legendary Hollywood actor Martin Landau died from 'massive internal bleeding' his death certificate reveals
          
          His body went into shock while hospitalized in LA
        











          'You can be profitable for not being who you truly are': Keke Palmer slams Kylie Jenner for caving to societal pressure to 'make herself beautiful'
          












          'We'll be friends for a long time': Bella Thorne gushes about Scott Disick... after denying she and Kourtney Kardashian's ex are in a sexual relationship
          












          'Most actors are crazy': Sharknado star Tara Reid reveals why she would NEVER date newly-single Brad Pitt or anyone else in Hollywood
          












          She's got range! Jennifer Lopez films TV show in New York City and releases new shoe line with Giuseppe Zanotti
          
          Showed off her range
        











          'I feel great': Tracy Morgan says he's ready for second chance after near-fatal 2014 crash
          
          The 48-year-old actor said he's become a better person 
        











          She's moving on! Shania Twain slams ex husband and pays tribute to iconic hit in new video for Life's About To Get Good
          
          That does impress her
        











          Why Emma Thompson's lookalike mom is the REAL star in the family: Talented actress Phyllida Law reveals her early antics as a chorus girl 
          












          Catwalk queen! Alessandra Ambrosio puts on leggy display in short T-shirt dress for Beverly Hills shopping trip
          
          Spotted on Rodeo Drive 
        











          Matt Damon has a bruised face as he plays a suburban man out to avenge the murder of his wife in the George Clooney-directed film Suburbicon
          












          Ryan Phillippe leg injury prompts current season of USA Network drama Shooter to be trimmed by two shows
          
          The 42-year-old broke leg in 'freak' accident
        











          Working it! Amy Schumer shows off perfectly toned legs in bold pink mini skirt as she steps out of cab while filming new comedy I Feel Pretty
          












          Every inch the supermodel! Jourdan Dunn turns the sidewalk into a catwalk as she flaunts her form in NYC
          
          Flaunted her long lean figure 
        











          'We're hoping for a miracle': Jill Zarin in 'shock' after hospitalized husband Bobby's latest cancer procedure
          
          Father-of-four is fighting 
        











          Sandlot star Mike Vitar faces civil lawsuit over 2015 Halloween beating as video of assault is released
          
          A man was beaten and choked 
        











          Rita Ora flashes cleavage and midriff in cropped blouse as singer enjoys dinner out in Beverly Hills
          
          Took some time out from a string of appearances
        











          Hot mom! Chrissy Teigen looks glam in polka-dot dress and statement earrings as she steps out with baby Luna in NYC
          
          Sports Illustrated model
        











          Pretty good news! Larry David discovers he is a distant relative of socialist firebrand Bernie Sanders
          
          The comedian impersonated him 
        











          Island vibes! Lea Michele shows off her toned tum in summery crop top and skirt combo at the Last Tycoon after party
          
          Back in town
        











          Giggling sisters! Braless Bella Hadid shows off her body in tight white top and Daisy Dukes as she gets playful with sister Gigi in New York City
          












          'You kind of violated his right of way': Body cam footage shows cop telling Venus Williams she is at fault for fatal crash near her Florida home 
          












          COUNT-down to fun! Giggling Kate Moss gets the superstar treatment driving through Capri on a yellow buggy as she heads to meet her man Von Bismarck 
          












          Close bond! Lily Collins shops for furniture with her mom in Los Angeles... as she takes a break from promoting her new film
          
          Critically acclaimed role
        











          Matt Smith is almost unrecognizable as he dons a bouffant 80s wig and silk dressing gown to play legendary New York photographer Robert Mapplethorpe
          












          Jennifer Aniston and Reese Witherspoon are teaming up for new series about morning TV shows
          
          The pair are teaming up on an untitled series 
        











          'Mark Harmon is a mensch!': Maria Bello joins NCIS cast and raves about her new co-star on social media
          
          A regular on television and the movies 
        











          Red hot and ravishing! Jennifer Lopez pumps up the sexy quotient in a sizzling scarlet dress as she celebrates Alex Rodriguez's 42nd birthday
          












          'I was doing coke every day': Lamar Odom reflects on  drug overdose and reveals Khloe Kardashian once busted him getting high with another woman
          












          Letting it sink in: Yolanda Hadid looks downcast in NYC after it's revealed ex-husband David Foster has been romancing Elizabeth Hurley
          












          Busty Heidi Klum, 44, gets up close with beau Vito Schnabel, 30, as she shows off her flawless figure in VERY skimpy red bikini on plush yacht in St Tropez
          












          James Blunt swaps his ballads for bollards: Singer wears orange cone hat and jokes he couldn't park in 'rock star' space during his US tour
          












          'Don't want to tell you what's gone on in that shower!' Kim Kardashian reminisces as she visits old house she shared with Kris Humphries
          












          She'll never be a-Leo-ne! Nina Agdal  uses pizza Emoji to protect her modesty in NAKED snap... as she shows ex DiCaprio what he's missing
          












          Having a heart to heart! Rebel Wilson stands out in yellow sweater as she chats with co-star Liam Hemsworth while filming Isn't It Romantic
          
          Back to work for star 
        











          Delirious Simone Biles - drugged up after dental surgery -  speaks gibberish and imagines she's driving a car as she shares hysterical video 
          












          Heir-borne! Prince William is spotted in a park as emergency crews treat a patient after telling of horrors 'that can't be unseen' during his two years













          EXCLUSIVE: Julia Roberts plunks down $4M on rundown home to add to growing list of properties she's scooping up in Point Dume area of Malibu
          












          Her little gem! North West tells mom Kim Kardashian she has changed her Pomeranian pup's name from Sushi to Diamond
          
          Had pooch since June
        











          'I'm madly in love with Mary': Cheers star Ted Danson talks marriage of 22 years to Steenburgen ahead of his 70th birthday
          
          Heartwarming interview
        











          'It makes me excited and turns me on!' Britney Spears shows off her beautiful body in pink bustier as she launches her 21st fragrance, Private Show
          












          'I love fast food, it's really bad!': Minka Kelly reveals she has an addiction to burger and fries... but stops indulging once she feels 'sluggish'
          
















 
 
DON'T MISS










          Lingerie-clad Demi Moore, 54, proves she hasn't changed since Striptease 21 YEARS ago as she flaunts her stunning figure in racy scenes from new film
          












          What is Bell's palsy? Angelina Jolie reveals she suffered facial paralysis (and early menopause and hypertension) during her break-up from Brad Pitt 
          












          Giving them the cold shoulder! Hailey Baldwin rocks sleeveless blouse and clingy pants as she promotes new show Drop The Mic at event in Beverly Hills
          












          Bright idea! Kendall Jenner stands out in New York City with yellow jacket as the model takes her mini Louis Vuitton purse to the gym
          












          Victoria's Secret model Doutzen Kroes displays her figure in pink tasseled bikini on yacht in St Tropez after partying with Leonardo DiCaprio 
          












          Rod Stewart gives $23,000 to disabled kids who drove to DC from Louisiana to protest GOP healthcare bill after he was 'heartbroken' by a TV segment on them 
          












          Harrison Ford steps out for dinner in LA with third wife Calista Flockhart and 16-year-old adopted son Liam... after making ComicCon appearance
          












          'Bring your babe to work!' Jenna Bush Hager shares sweet photo of her four-year-old daughter Mila on NBC's Today show set 
          












          'You'll float too!' Pennywise the Clown haunts kids in second trailer for spine-chiller It... as director reveals second film plans
          
          From Stephen King book
        











          She's a real beach girl! Bikini-clad former The Hills star Audrina Patridge puts her gym-honed physique on display as she splashes around in Miami
          












          'As a man he fell in love with women, will she continue?': Twitter goes into meltdown as they claim the first female Doctor Who will be bisexual
          












          EXCLUSIVE: Princess Di's lover Dodi Fayed was a cocaine fiend who trawled Studio 54 with celeb pals Liza Minnelli and Robin Williams, new book reveals
          












          Kesha clings to a teddy bear and shares childhood home movies in new video for single Learn To Let Go
          
          Latest track  from her upcoming album
        











          Tie it up! As Bella Hadid and Chanel Iman prove crop tops are SO last year, FEMAIL rounds up the prettiest front tie blouses on the market
          
          Re-create their look
        











          Katy Perry is named host of MTV Video Music Awards in August as she says 'brace for impact, kids'
          
          Dressed as astronaut for the occasion
        











          'Decorating, house stuff, that was Brad's thing': Angelina Jolie is learning to cook, be a homebody for her six kids in $25m mansion post Pitt split
          












          Victoria and David Beckham put on a united front following sweat-inducing gym session in LA... amid claims couple are leading 'separate lives'
          












          Big Apple love! Chrissy Teigen shows off her model legs in black mini dress as she enjoys a date night with husband John Legend in New York City
          












          Looking hot is the best revenge! Blac Chyna flaunts curves in white swimsuit after ugly Rob Kardashian blowup... as she reveals she's 'good' with ex Tyga
          












          New lips? Ashlee Simpson checks her pout after working up sweat at LA gym... as second husband Evan Ross films comedy HeadShop
          












          Angelina Jolie attacked for 'cruel' game to pick Cambodian child actors for new film in which they were given money which was then SNATCHED away 
          












          'He's an incredible guy!' Tinsley Mortimer reveals she's still dating coupon company founder Scott Kluth on Watch What Happens Live
          












          First Lady Melania Trump to lead US delegation to Invictus Games in Toronto organized by Prince Harry in first official solo trip
          












          Shirtless Billy Zane, 51, shows off his bod as hits the beach in St Tropez with a bikini-clad hottie following breakup from fiancée Candice McNeil
          












          Are these the world's HOTTEST silver foxes? The VERY fit older men (and their flustered female fans) who prove that age really is just a number 
          












          The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are urged NOT to have a third child in an open letter calling on them to 'lead by example' for 'environmental reasons' 
          












          Bust-ing a move! Braless Tove Lo flashes her bare breasts as she puts on a very brazen display during gig in Sydney
          
          Singer surprises fans
        











          Amy Schumer becomes the only woman to make Forbes' 2017 list of the world's highest-paid comedians with an estimated $37.5m annual income 
          












          Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, has her Bond girl moment as she emerges from ocean in a skimpy bikini in Cannes.
          
          Glamorous socialite
        











          'He makes my heart skip a beat!': Jennifer Lopez posts  tribute to beau Alex Rodriguez on his 42nd birthday as she shares handsome portrait
          












          She looks so different! Mandy Moore, 33, wears wig, dowdy clothes to play an older version of her This Is Us character Rebecca Pearson
          
          Aalmost unrecognizable
        











          Victoria's Secret Angel Taylor Hill flaunts her enviable toned legs in slinky red mini dress as she soaks up the sun during Saint-Tropez getaway
          












          It's just Basic Instinct! Sharon Stone, 59, shows off some VERY raunchy dance moves in behind-the-scenes glimpse at her racy GQ Italia shoot
          












          Radiant Gigi Hadid gives a flash of her toned midriff in NYC... as she steps out for first time since boyfriend Zayn Malik discussed struggles with anxiety
          












          Happy to be home? Tiffany Trump flashes a wide grin while shopping in New York after getting back from month-long European vacation with mom Marla Maples
          












          Sara Sampaio passionately locks lips with boyfriend Oliver Ripley as she jets from Mexico to Mykonos to continue 26th birthday celebrations 
          












          EXCLUSIVE: OJ Simpson's lawyer sends cease and desist letter to family of slain Ron Goldman, claiming they THREATENED him with 'unsolicited phone call' 
          












          Blac Chyna flaunts major cleavage in plunging dress... as she cozies up to Lamar Odom and reunites with baby daddy Tyga in Los Angeles
          












          Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto shows off her incredible abs in white cut-out ensemble as they enjoy a romantic beach day in St Tropez
          












          Ansel Elgort is slick in trendy pink checked suit as he cozies up to childhood sweetheart Violetta Komyshan at Baby Driver premiere in Mexico
          












          'It's game on mthrfkers!' Kid Rock is taking 'hard look' at potential Senate run after being 'overwhelmed' by support 
          












          Back on! Meg Ryan and John Mellencamp have 'been dating again for MONTHS' after a three-year-break... as they are seen together in New York City
          












          Goop defector: One of Gwyneth's doctors insists she is not wedded to the site - and believes much of its content 'is not evidence-based' 
          












          Shine bright like a...! Rihanna is dripping in diamonds as she debuts exquisite Chopard collaboration
          
          Singer, 29, branching out into jewelry business  
        











          Gordon Ramsay and son Jack capture a giant Burmese python in the Florida Everglades... then cook it and eat it on his TV show The F Word 
          
          Hunting and cooking 
        











          Show some skin! As Olivia Munn and Lily Collins flaunt their legs in short skirts, FEMAIL reveals four ways to rock minis everywhere you go this summer
          












          Strutting her stuff! Victoria's Secret model Kelly Gale, 22, flaunts her slender figure in denim as she steps out in New York City
          
          Effortlessly chic
        











          Tatt's nice!  Singer Cody Simpson cuts a casual figure in a T-shirt as he strolls in Los Angeles and showcases his new anchor hand tattoo
          












          'I wiped tears from the same people that caused mine!' Jeremy Meeks' estranged wife Melissa slams felon-turned-model as he romances Chloe Green
          












          Ronaldo reveals he is planning to have SEVEN children... after confirming pregnant girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez is expecting his fourth child
          












          'I know you are in a tough fight': Kind-hearted Rob Lowe makes a brave lifelong fan's dream come true with a heartfelt message as she battles cancer
          












          Justin Bieber hits photographer with his huge pickup truck and leaves him with minor injuries outside church service days after canceling tour
          












          Putting it all out there! Bella Thorne offers an eyeful in sheer lace bra and hotpants en route to app launch...as she 'moves on from Scott Disick for good'
          












          Baby got Beck! David Beckham signs his autograph on a girl's backside during California road trip... amid claims of a marital rift with wife Victoria
          












          Boris Becker's wife Lilly turns heads in plunging black swimsuit as she enjoys beach day in Ibiza without husband following rumors of 'marriage rift'
          












          How Prince Charles failed Diana, by her closest Palace aide: Former private secretary berates Royal Family for failing to treat her with respect
          












          Fun in the city! Bella Hadid goes braless in white crop top before changing her outfit THREE times on the streets of New York
          
          Was free as a bird 
        











          'No one cares about you': Tinsley Mortimer clashes with Sonja Morgan over gossip column article on RHONY
          
          Things got very ugly
        











          Peek-a-booty! Ariel Winter flashes the flesh in black Daisy Dukes and tied-up tee while out to lunch in Studio City with boyfriend Levi Meaden
          












          Leo-thario DiCaprio laps up the single life as he makes a play for MULTIPLE beautiful women inside his foundation gala in St Tropez
          












          Megyn Kelly's morning show 'Megyn Kelly Today' will premiere at 9am starting in September... but not before she wraps up her Sunday night program
          












          It's official! Scientific research confirms that George Clooney has the world's most handsome face (and Bradley Cooper and Brad Pitt aren't far behind)
          












          Who needs men? Sizzling Joanna Krupa relaxes on a pool floaty with a bikini-clad gal pal on Greek getaway following breakup from husband 
          












          'I get in shape, then I'm back to eating hamburgers': Cate Blanchett talks of extremely tight and 'horrendous' suit worn in Thor: Ragnarok
          












          Bachelor alum Britt Nilsson reveals struggles with alcoholism and bulimia ...including muffling her mic with towels to vomit while on show
          












          X-Men star Nicholas Hoult set 'to play legendary writer J.R.R. Tolkien in new biopic about Hobbit author's life'
          
          Jennifer Lawrence's ex
        











          'We grew up together': Reese Witherspoon reflects on raising lookalike daughter Ava as she marks her upcoming 18th birthday
          
          Two peas in a pod 
        











          'Overcompensating for his tiny hands': James Corden sings reworked version of Nat King Cole's 1960s hit L-O-V-E to slam Trump's ban on transgender soldiers
          












          HBO reveals final season of Game Of Thrones may be the longest of all with two hour long episodes
          
          Fans face a longer farewell
        











          RHOBH's Dorit Kemsley leaves little to the imagination in  very revealing low-cut black body suit and sheer skirt in Los Angeles
          
          She flashed the flesh
        











          'You put aside certain things to love each other': Matt Bomer hints the relationship with his parents is still strained after coming out... and talks tough roles
          












          Kourtney Kardashian flashes her black lace bra in sexy crop top as she keeps mum about becoming an aunt again to 'Kim's third child via surrogate'
          












          Reigning in the style stakes! Queen Letizia and husband King Felipe make a VERY handsome pair as they carry out a joint engagement in Madrid
          












          Sssssexy! Celine Dion oozes daytime glamour in snakeskin coat and racy thigh-high boots as she continues to experiment with her style in Paris
          












          She rocks! Hailey Baldwin looks sensational in strapless wet-look red mini dress at app launch event
          
          Joined celebrities including Bella Thorne
        











          Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her legs in TINY hotpants as she hits the town after narrowly avoiding Justin Bieber's car collision with a photographer
          












          'They want to keep the memorial private': Chester Bennington's family keen to keep Linkin Park frontman's funeral 'relatives and close friends only'
          












          He's not just environmentally-friendly! Leonardo DiCaprio calls on megastar pals Kate Winslet and Madonna for celeb-studded annual fundraising gala
          












          A real life Sherlock Holmes! 'Mind reader' stuns the America's Got Talent judges by correctly guessing Mel B's last meals AND her innermost secret
          












          'You're an icon... I adore you!' Kate Beckinsale's daughter Lily pays moving tribute to her mother as actress celebrates her 44th birthday
          












          Stirring the pot! Martha Stewart insists she doesn't smoke weed with cooking show co-star Snoop Dogg and says she would NEVER date the rapper
          












          'No place like home': Jennifer Lopez gushes about NYC as she's seen grabbing lunch with Alex Rodriguez after a bicycle ride
          
          Leisurely day out 
        











          Kim Kardashian flaunts her taut abs in a tiny crop top as she's seen for first time with sister Khloe amid claims 'her surrogate is three-months pregnant'
          












          Looking bootyful! Iggy Azalea flaunts famous curves in faux-leather pants after denying she's surgically-enhanced her derrière
          
          Flaunted her assets 
        











          Sweet angel! Candice Swanepoel sports flirty white jumpsuit to celebrate new partnership as the face of Juicy fragrance
          
          Victoria's Secret Angel 
        











          Prosecutor in OJ Simpson murder trial Marcia Clark says that he has 'served his debts' - at least for armed robbery
          
          Juice is free in October
        











          Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with her father Luis in Los Angeles...after he revealed she is a 'blessing' amid his 20-year battle with MS
          












          Rooting him on! Jennifer Aniston and husband Justin Theroux show their support for Jason Bateman at his Walk Of Fame ceremony
          
          His biggest fans 
        











          Charlie Puth and Lionel Richie 'are being considered' to join Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest for American Idol reboot
          
          New additions 
        











          Clint Eastwood wears floppy camo hat on Atlanta set of his have-a-go heroes movie The 15:17 To Paris
          
          The movie is based on book of the same title 
        











          'You just belittled me': Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle stands up to TV boss Donna Paulsen on Suits
          
          Meghan's character got feisty with her superior
        











          Snoop Dogg escapes Wiz Khalifa lawsuit after fans sue the artists over collapsed railings which sent concert-goers tumbling in New Jersey
          
          Around 40 fans injured
        











          Get (Sexy) Back! Justin Timberlake looks aghast after being approached by fans while strolling in sunny NYC
          
          Not the done thing in the Big Apple
        











          Pretty in pink! Claire Danes stuns in summery cleavage-baring dress at New York premiere of Brigsby Bear
          
          Was a showstopper
        











          Barrel of laughs! Elizabeth Olsen and Jeremy Renner share a private joke at the Los Angeles premiere of their new movie Wind River
          












          Jim Gaffigan's wife reveals she's finally able to eat food again three months after having a tumor the size of an apple removed from her brain stem
          












          'I'm trying to work through certain issues': Zayn Malik addresses ongoing anxiety battle... as he reveals he slept on a mattress for SIX months in his LA pad 
          












          'It's like blackface': Alec Baldwin slammed by disabled groups for accepting lead role in movie about a blind man
          
          Criticized for starring in the film called, Blind 
        











          Ready to pop! Make-up free Whitney Port shows off  bump after blogging about her swollen feet, constant hunger and annoying anxiety
          
          Out on her errands 
        











          Rocky and Bullwinkle voice actress June Foray passes away at 99... after eight decades of bringing beloved cartoons to life
          
          Made memories
        











          'I've never felt so happy': Lucky Blue Smith, 19, announces birth of daughter Gravity with girlfriend Stormi Bree, 26, on Instagram
          
          Very proud father 
        











          Over, and out! Prince William prepares for his final shift after two years as an air ambulance helicopter pilot - but what next for the future king? 
          












          Let's talk! Rebel Wilson gives Liam Hemsworth hand signal to call her on NYC set of new romantic comedy
          
          The funnygirl has him on speed dial
        











          'We gave her $40,000 out of goodness of our hearts': Lisa Vanderpump 'disappointed' at dog rescuer's 'false claims' she was stiffed 
          












          Tom Hardy set to play war correspondent Anthony Loyd in adaptation of journalist's memoirs about the Bosnian conflict and his heroin addiction
          












          Madison Beer jets to New York amid claims new beau Brooklyn Beckham is looking for a Manhattan apartment to 'pursue their relationship'
          










 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









The final indignity: Priebus is abandoned by White House staffers who make hasty exit from his SUV when...





How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of...





'Prison changed me forever': Amanda Knox speaks about how the murder trial and four years in prison defined...





Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and...





Trump WILL sign bill imposing tough new financial sanctions on Russia despite Moscow's threat of retaliation





Gloating Kim Jong-Un issues 'stern warning' to America after another successful nuclear missile test that US...





California girl, 18, who live-streamed 'drunken' crash that killed her younger sister, 14, on Instagram...





Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'





Open your window blinds, go big with mirrors and declutter: The simple things you can do to your home to...





At least 30 injured after New York City Water Taxi carrying 125 people slams into dock in Manhattan sparking...





The REAL reason Scaramucci hates Priebus: Trump's new darling of the White House 'never forgave ousted Chief...





‘You can’t have everything’: Trump says Congress should have let Obamacare ‘implode’ before trying to pass...





Trump hails Homeland Security chief Gen. John Kelly as one of administration's 'great stars' after telling...





Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of...





'The case is closed, I have been completely exonerated. Finally.': Kathy Griffin tweets relief that Secret...





'These are animals!' Trump trumpets crackdown on violent MS-13 street gang in Long Island and brings Priebus...





'The White House is turning into Game of Thrones': Trump's spectacular firing of Reince Priebus sends...





Majority of Americans SUPPORT transgender military service as protests break out across nation against...





Screenwriter for hit show 'Lost' promises to turn up to work dressed as Sarah Palin if McCain votes against...





Tiffany Trump and mom Marla enjoyed free stay on friend's yacht and reduce-priced Roman hotel suite during...





Family Fridays! Ivanka Trump puts on a glamorous show in a chic black dress and heels as she carries son...





Stephen Colbert is set to produce animated series based on Trump White House for Showtime





'If you don't email him, I will.': Obama's Deputy Chief of Staff fondly reveals how ex-President played...





Katie Couric leaves behind $10m annual salary as Yahoo's global news anchor as she ends her exclusive online...





Elderly mother, 83, being held on $1million bail for murder-for-hire plot with her son, 63, in scheme to...





'I'm confident it'll be the best car in its class': Tesla CEO Elon Musk rolls out the $35,000 Model 3...





Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being...





Lightning DOES strike twice! Quebec man, 69, rakes in a cool $1.22million in his SECOND huge lottery win in...





EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of...





MORE HEADLINES







 
            'We had a great life, look after our kids': The chiropractor who jumped to his death with his wife off Manhattan office block because of their spiraling financial woes
            



 
            'Our beautiful boy has gone': Little Charlie Gard's parents announce that their brave warrior whose plight touched the world has finally died after battling devastating genetic illness he fought for so long 
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Serial cheater Kris Jenner was caught in friend's home gym having sex with her personal trainer while married to Robert Kardashian - who she bedded for first time when engaged to another man
            



 
            Anthony Scaramucci wife Deidre files for divorce after three years of marriage, growing tired of billionaire's 'naked political ambition'
            



 
            Machete-wielding man 'screaming Allahu Akbar' kills one person and injures several others during rampage in Hamburg supermarket
            



 
            Woman, 18, aborts her baby at 35 WEEKS... and then is horrified to discover the midwife has saved the boy and sold him to her cousin
            



 
            How a one-in-400million disability became common in a tiny polygamist Mormon town after generations of inbreeding
            



 
            'How do I pick up my shattered soul?' Wife of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington breaks her silence a week after his shocking suicide aged 41
            



 
            North Korea fires ballistic missile 2,000 miles into space before it hit the sea within 200 miles of Japan - and experts claim the warheads could reach CHICAGO
            



 
            Prison inmate escapes and 'murders a warden's teen step-daughter near her home on jail grounds' before being killed by cops
            



 
            Ousted Priebus insists he RESIGNED and that Trump wanted to 'take new direction' amid reports President was unhappy that he didn't 'return fire' at Scaramucci after THAT explosive interview 
            



 
            'I was happy to give it all up to go off and live with him': New tapes reveal how Diana fell 'deeply in love' with her 6ft 'Jack the Lad' police bodyguard before he died in a car crash (and she was sure he'd been 'bumped off') 
            



 
            ‘Take time and enjoy the world’: Final Instagram post of tragic Diversity dancer and West End performer Robert Anker who was killed in a car crash in Canada 
            



 
            Man, 72, 'shot his 28-year-old wife in the face' because 'she told him he didn't satisfy her financially or sexually'
            



 
            Inside one of America's most feared street gangs: Guns, drugs and violence are part of everyday life for the Bloodline gangsters
            



 
            Trump LOVED the Mooch unloading on 'f***ing paranoid schizophrenic' Priebus - then took both of them for awkward trip on Air Force One
            



 
            Man 'fatally shot Indiana doctor in the head because he wouldn't prescribe his wife opioids'
            



 
            EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez prison visitors revealed: Months after he was arrested a revolving cast of family, football stars, coaches and a 'super close' friend spent time with the disgraced NFL star
            



 
            ‘Like u ain’t never done it’! Drunk hen party who 'acted like creatures' and were then escorted off a Ryanair flight to Spain defend their alcohol-fueled antics as 'having fun'
            



 
            Oroville Dam's 'green spot' raises new worries that the nation's tallest dam could be facing a breach danger from a slow motion leak five months after it overflowed
            



 
            Girl, 3, dies after doctors find SEVEN needles inside her body after horrific 'black magic' abuse by her mother's boss who used her as a 'voodoo doll' in India
            



 
            Arizona State student who received unwanted picture of a man's penis sends them to his MOTHER
            



 
            Shocking surveillance video captures the moment two border patrol officers 'encouraging a Mexican teen to drink from two bottles of liquid meth' hours before he died 
            



 
            Millionaire businessman killed himself after he had a stroke and became paranoid that his wife was having an affair - even though she denied being unfaithful 
            



 
            Mother of four charged with murder after her baby boy was found rotting in a dumpster after dying of a meth overdose
            



 
            Newborn twins and a girl, one, are orphaned when their mother dies from c-section complications just three weeks after father was murdered
            



 
            Student, 21, who thought he was meeting a 14-year-old boy for sex is instead confronted by online paedophile hunters 
            



 
            Private school boy, 16, 'sexually assaulted at least five female classmates across the campus for a year and choked one because she wouldn't have sex with him'
            


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















From the Makers of Candy Crush
Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now!



more











































































 
 
Back to top






Home




U.K.




News




Sports




U.S. Showbiz




Australia




Femail




Health




Science




Money




Video




Travel




Columnists






Sitemap
Archive
Video Archive
Topics Index
Mobile Apps
Screensaver
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group
© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
How to complain
Advertise with us
Contributors
Work with Us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies











 











 
 






















Jesse James Marries for Fourth Time: Report - ABC News


































































Menu

ABC News














Log In



























Home> Entertainment


Jesse James Marries for Fourth Time: Report


March 25, 2013
By LUCHINA FISHER

Luchina Fisher More from Luchina »

 Entertainment Producer
 Follow @luchina


 via GOOD MORNING AMERICA


















  Mike Windle/WireImage/Getty Images 

It appears Sandra Bullock's ex Jesse James has tied the knot for a fourth time.

People magazine reported that James, 43, married professional drag racer Alexis DeJoria, 43, on Sunday in Malibu, Calif.

According to the magazine, James's youngest daughter, Sunny, 9, and DeJoria's daughter Bella, 10, acted as flower girls.

Engaged late last year, the couple exchanged vows at the Malibu home of DeJoria's father, John Paul DeJoria, the billionaire businessman behind the Paul Mitchell hair care products line.

 Read More on Jesse's Girls  

Though James has not confirmed his new marital status, he did post a picture Sunday of himself walking hand in hand with DeJoria, along with the quote, "Happiness is only real when shared - Jon Krakauer."   Instagram/popeofwelding 

The pair live in Austin, Texas, where James recently opened a West Coast Choppers custom motorcycle shop after closing the original in California.

This is the fourth "I do" for James, who got divorced from Sandra Bullock in June, 2010, amid reports of his infidelity. His second marriage was to tattooed porn star Janine Lindemulder, mother of Sunny. His first wife, Karla James, whom he met before he became a popular television personality, is the mother of his two sons.

James broke off his engagement to tattoo artist Kat Von D in September 2011.

 

































Join the Discussion





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
blog comments powered by Disqus
 


















Hot Right Now


1





Priebus out as chief of staff, Trump names Kelly as...



2





Victim injured on malfunctioned ride at Ohio State Fair...



3





Border officers appeared to encourage teen to drink from...



4





Inside the feud between Reince Priebus and Anthony...



5





North Korea fired intercontinental ballistic missile


















 











You Might Also Like...










Photo Galleries










View:  The officers under oath
Blotter










View:  This Week in Pictures
International










View:  4th annual International Drone Photography Contest winners
Travel










View:  Protesters clash with police at the G-20 summit in Germany
International










View:  Pictures from ISIS' last stand in Mosul
International
























See It, Share It

David Zalubowski/AP PhotoRepublican National Convention Announces Partial Speakers List








Rick Wilking/ReutersGOP Convention Fight Brewing as Delegates Mull Going Rogue








AFP/Getty ImagesJihadists' Computers '80 Percent' Full of Porn, Ex-Official Says








Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty ImagesTim Scott Gives Candid, Emotional Floor Speech on Race








Kristie Reeves-Cavaliero'Forgotten Baby Syndrome': A Parent’s Nightmare of Hot Car Death








PhotoshotPrince Harry Takes HIV Test Live on Facebook








KABCFormer Marines Playing 'Pokemon Go' Help Catch Attempted Murder Suspect, Police Say 






















 









 

 









Yahoo!-ABC News Network



Privacy Policy
Your CA Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
Terms of Use
Contact Us
© 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.














Jesse James Marries into Billionaire Paul Mitchell Family | GOBankingRates       
    
    
GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > News > Today's News > Sandra Bullock’s Ex Jesse James Marries Paul Mitchell Heiress — and Her Billion-Dollar Bank Account
    

Sandra Bullock’s Ex Jesse James Marries Paul Mitchell Heiress — and Her Billion-Dollar Bank Account
By Jennifer Calonia
March 25, 2013









Commonly known for his involvement with motorcycle brand, West Cost Choppers, and as being the ex-husband of America’s sweetheart, Sandra Bullock, Jesse James has regained the spotlight once again. The fourth time around at the altar has likely skyrocketed James into greater financial security, as he married into one of the most successful hair care brands in the U.S and a substantial bank account that comes in tow.Newlyweds Jesse James and Alexis DeJoria are the latest up-and-coming power couple in Hollywood thanks to DeJoria’s future inheritance of the John Paul Mitchell hair care company, which at present, has boosted her father’s net worth to $4 billion, according to Forbes.    Marrying into the Paul Mitchell and Patron FamilyDaughter to businessman John Paul DeJoria, Alexis has a lot to look forward to as she starts her new life with Jesse James. In addition to the Paul Mitchell product empire which currently pulls in $1 billion in sales, as reported by Forbes, Alexis DeJoria and family are also tied to the Patron Spirits Company. Currently, her father is ranked 92 in the Forbes 400 list of wealthiest people in America.    While it may seem like DeJoria is just another pretty face behind her father’s billion-dollar shadow, she has actually earned her own bank account funds and made a name for herself in the drag racing community after racing competitively since 2005.Jesse James Ties the Knot with Hair Product HeiressJesse James and DeJoria held their nuptials on Alexis’ father’s estate in Malibu, Calif. this past weekend. According to omg!, the couple chose to have their wedding rings designed by Neil Lane, whose designs start at about $2,000 for each ring.Related Articles9 Best Investing Books for BeginnersHow to Get a Chase Personal LoanStrategies for Success You Can Learn From Amazon's Jeff BezosJames tweeted confirmation of wedding rumors:“Love, Wife, Family, Work… Life always finds a way of showing Us what is most important… #Humbled”. Included in the tweet is an Instagram photo of him dressed in a tuxedo and Alexis DeJoria wearing a veil.(Photo courtesy of pinguino k via Wiki Commons) 

Comments 

haroldwolf
Score one for Jesse

Chrusher
Score 1,000,000,000 for Jessie

Jon
What do they call a male Gold Digger?

zbeekeeper
Uh.. that would be Fookin Gold Digger!…hahahahaha

pulkrouse@comcast.net
It’s incredible how stupid people can be.  Good thing this ditz has a lot of money, but that’s a slippery slope.  I sure hope she had him sign a pre-nup.

VoiceofReason
Some women are very, very stupid.

djc
What can he say?  He’s the ~vanilla gorilla~.  Congrats and good luck to you both!  Still wish you and Sandy had made it though.  Just saying.

Richard_Iowa
He needs to wash his arms.

ballsnow
JJ is a looser, that’s why Bullock dumped him.  Yep, some women are very very stupid!

Jamie Varela
Another pretty face?? Whoever wrote this article must be blind! With all her daddy’s money I would have gone for a new face before those obviously fake tits !!!

Tony
Oh for the record Jessie is a businessman and multimillionaire in his own right. He didn’t need Sandra Bullocks’ money nor does he need compensation for his “services” from his new wife. I think a personal fortune of $100 million dollars disqualifies him as a gold digger.  I’m just saying….

ebayJimmy
Even if you have money, you can’t buy decency. He not only cheats on women but on ebay sellers as well. Sandra was lucky, someone told her Jesse has been seen several times in a gay bar. Hi Jesse, you still like the heroin?

dieniggerdie
Jesse James is the 8th greatest human being on planet earth.  

    

 Share



x




Open a New Bank Account                        

Check Out the Next Article

 

Kevin Ware’s Horrific NCAA Tournament Injury             

Kevin Ware may be taken care of, but will you be?                
    

Related Articles



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Ruby Rose Admits Justin Bieber Resemblance on ‘Conan’: How Their Net Worths Compare                    

The two might look alike, but their fortunes differ. See how Ruby Rose's net worth compares with Justin Bieber's net worth.                        
By Elyssa Kirkham



 


Entertainment Finance                    

8 Millionaires Like Chris Pratt Whose Weddings Were Under $30,000                    
By Nell Casey



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Mockingjay Star Jennifer Lawrence Is Surprisingly Frugal                    
By Paul Sisolak



 


Entertainment Finance                    

10 Prized Celebrity Collections Worth More Than $15,000                    
By Laura Woods



 


News                    

Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Want Your Bank Account Funds for Charity, Not Baby Gifts                    
By Jennifer Calonia



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Kate Middleton Exposes How to Save Money While Still Looking Like Royalty                    
By Jennifer Calonia



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Why Brad Pitt Keeps $1,100 in His Wallet Instead of His Bank Account                    
By Jennifer Calonia



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Could You Afford to Live Like Paris Hilton?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff

Load More Related Articles                    

  Sponsored Links by Zergnet 


          Personal Finance News, Advice and Information | GOBankingRates       
    
    

GOBankingRates > Personal FinancePersonal Finance



Loading...


 


Financial Resources                    

9 Best Investing Books for Beginners                    

Here are the best personal finance books that offer investing tips and more to first-time investors.                        
By Michael McDonald



 


Loans                    

How to Get a Chase Personal Loan                    
By Barri Segal



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Strategies for Success You Can Learn From Amazon’s Jeff Bezos                    
By Andrew Lisa



 


Saving Money                    

40 Things Every 40-Something Needs to Know About Money                    
By Morgan Quinn



 


Saving Money                    

The Best and Worst Things to Buy in August                    

Save on back-to-school supplies and other August essentials.                        
By Jodi O'Connell



 


Saving Money                    

7 Money-Saving Tips for Your Summer Road Trip                    
By Charlene Oldham



 


Saving Money                    

Buying in Bulk: Does Your Dollar Really Go Further at Costco?                    
By Jodi O'Connell



 


Personal Finance Tips                    

56 Splurges of the Filthy Rich                    
By Morgan Quinn



Open a New Bank Account                        


    



More in Personal Finance




 


Personal Finance Tips                    

40 Secrets Only Divorce Attorneys Know                    
By Lia Sestric



 


Saving Money                    

52 Brands With Lifetime Warranties                    
By Laura Woods



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Amazon’s Jeff Bezos Surges Past Bill Gates as World’s Richest Person                    
By Laura Woods



 


Economy                    

Best and Worst States if You’re Unemployed — and Want a Job                    
By Andrew Lisa



 


Personal Finance Tips                    

22 Industries That Pay Less (and More) Than They Did 10 Years Ago                    
By Elizabeth Nicholas



 


Entertainment Finance                    

Kobe Bryant’s Net Worth and Career Legacy                    
By Laura Woods

Load More Personal Finance                    


Load More Personal Finance                    

Loading...Finances Are PersonalWhether you're trying to improve your financial situation or manage an entire family budget, understanding the basic principles of personal finance will help you make the best decisions with your money and grow your wealth.Personal finance activities can include opening a savings account, investing in the stock market, and becoming knowledgeable about the best way to take out a home or auto loan. All these decisions require the right information in order to make the most of your money and avoid financial pitfalls.Paying off debt, building credit, budgeting, saving for retirement — there are so many areas of financial management to understand. Simply put, GOBankingRates was created to make navigating through the world of finance easier.
More in Personal Finance
Contests
Credit
Debt
Economy
Entertainment Finance
Experts
Financial Resources
Holidays
Loans
Medical & Healthcare
News
Personal Finance California
Personal Finance Florida
Personal Finance Mid West
Personal Finance North East
Personal Finance South
Personal Finance Texas
Personal Finance Tips
Personal Finance West
Saving Money
Student Loans
Taxes


          Personal Finance News | Financial News | GOBankingRates       
    
    

GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > NewsNews



Loading...


 


News                    

NASCAR Day 2017: Dale Earnhardt Jr. and the Highest-Paid NASCAR Drivers                    

It’s an event for giving, but how much are the drivers making?                        
By Scott Wilson



 


News                    

The Rise and Fall of Sears                    
By Jodi O'Connell



 


News                    

Coach and Kate Spade Are Teaming Up, and Raising Prices                    
By Reina Glenn



 


News                    

Samsung Joins the Ranks of Companies Spending Big on Driverless Cars                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Barack Obama and Other Presidents Cashing in Post-Politics                    

The former president will be paid $400,000 by a Wall Street trading and investment firm to give a speech in September.                        
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

France’s Post-Election Market Spike Could Hurt Trump as He Approaches 100 Days                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

The Future of Sears, Bebe and Other US Retailers Is in Doubt                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Groceries at Kroger and Target Just Got Cheaper, Thanks to Walmart                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



Open a New Bank Account                        


    




Interest Rates
Sometimes you want a high interest rate; sometimes you want a low interest rate. Find out when you can make interest rates work for you — such as in a high-yield savings account — and know when to be cautious of APRs.Read More
Entertainment Finance
Even personal finance connoisseurs enjoy entertainment, and luckily the two often overlap. Find out the net worth of your favorite celebrities or read up on their latest financial blunders and successes.Read More
Investing
To grow your money over time, you can’t just save it; you need to invest it. Investing requires taking on some risk, which could lead to greater reward as well as loss. Learn the basics today.Read More
Banks Open Today
Think twice before you head to the bank on a holiday or Sunday. Make sure your bank of choice is open before you make the drive with this comprehensive and updated list of banks open today.Read More

More in News




 


News                    

McDonald’s Mobile Ordering: Big Revenue, but Bad for Customers?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Ben Affleck Net Worth vs. Jennifer Garner Net Worth: Who Wins Out After the Divorce?                    
By Laura Woods



 


News                    

United Airlines, Samsung and Other Brands That Lost Big Over PR Scandals                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Future Is Gloomy for Retailers as They Cut Jobs and Shutter Stores                    
By Lisa Christy



 


News                    

McDonald’s Hopes Fresh Beef Patties Will Have Customers Saying ‘I’m Lovin’ It’                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Amazon Introduces Drive-Up Grocery Delivery Service                    
By GOBankingRates Staff

Load More News                    


Load More News                    

Loading...The Latest in Today's NewsPersonal finance is a big part of every person's life. Opening a savings account, investing in the stock market, and being informed about the best way to take out a home or car loan requires the right information for you to make the most out of your money. This is why staying current on financial news is crucial to becoming money savvy and can ultimately lead to your making better financial decisions in your personal life.Much like following world and local news and current events, staying on top of finance topics makes your savvier and wiser, which leads to making informed financial decisions.Updates on company mergers, dips in major stocks and the financial blunders of presidential candidates are just a few of the news items you’ll find here. GOBankingRates covers all the financial news that could affect your bank account so you can focus on increasing your balance.
More in News
Personal Finance New Jersey Newsroom
Today's News


          


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Sandra Jesse Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017



















Personal Finance Today's News | GOBankingRates       
    
    

GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > News > Today's NewsToday’s News



Loading...


 


News                    

NASCAR Day 2017: Dale Earnhardt Jr. and the Highest-Paid NASCAR Drivers                    

It’s an event for giving, but how much are the drivers making?                        
By Scott Wilson



 


News                    

The Rise and Fall of Sears                    
By Jodi O'Connell



 


News                    

Coach and Kate Spade Are Teaming Up, and Raising Prices                    
By Reina Glenn



 


News                    

Samsung Joins the Ranks of Companies Spending Big on Driverless Cars                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Barack Obama and Other Presidents Cashing in Post-Politics                    

The former president will be paid $400,000 by a Wall Street trading and investment firm to give a speech in September.                        
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

France’s Post-Election Market Spike Could Hurt Trump as He Approaches 100 Days                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

The Future of Sears, Bebe and Other US Retailers Is in Doubt                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Groceries at Kroger and Target Just Got Cheaper, Thanks to Walmart                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



Open a New Bank Account                        


    




News
Stay current on all the financial news you need to make better decisions for your wallet. Being in the know about decisions from the Fed and the government can influence how you spend and save.Read More
Entertainment Finance
Even personal finance connoisseurs enjoy entertainment, and luckily the two often overlap. Find out the net worth of your favorite celebrities or read up on their latest financial blunders and successes.Read More
Investing
To grow your money over time, you can’t just save it; you need to invest it. Investing requires taking on some risk, which could lead to greater reward as well as loss. Learn the basics today.Read More
Interest Rates
Sometimes you want a high interest rate; sometimes you want a low interest rate. Find out when you can make interest rates work for you — such as in a high-yield savings account — and know when to be cautious of APRs.Read More

More in Today's News




 


News                    

McDonald’s Mobile Ordering: Big Revenue, but Bad for Customers?                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Ben Affleck Net Worth vs. Jennifer Garner Net Worth: Who Wins Out After the Divorce?                    
By Laura Woods



 


News                    

United Airlines, Samsung and Other Brands That Lost Big Over PR Scandals                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Future Is Gloomy for Retailers as They Cut Jobs and Shutter Stores                    
By Lisa Christy



 


News                    

McDonald’s Hopes Fresh Beef Patties Will Have Customers Saying ‘I’m Lovin’ It’                    
By GOBankingRates Staff



 


News                    

Amazon Introduces Drive-Up Grocery Delivery Service                    
By GOBankingRates Staff

Load More Today's News                    


Load More Today's News                    

Loading...The Latest in Today's NewsAs the top personal finance website, GOBankingRates brings readers the best news, advice and information relating to money. From political news to celebrity news, the site features articles designed to educate you on all things personal finance.Regardless of your financial situation, goals or spending habits, GOBankingRates can help you work toward financial stability by keeping you informed on financial current events.Each day, the site’s financial experts publish the most current and interesting stories about political rulings, celebrity earnings, corporate milestones and more.Learn how the issues in various industries relate to your finances and how to avoid making certain mistakes. Follow experts’ examples and get your foot in the door with investments and deals. Stay informed with GOBankingRates’ daily news articles to achieve your financial goals.

          




Jesse James Opens Up About His Divorce From Sandra Bullock: The Painful Part Was About Louis | E! News

































































































































NEWS


LIFE/STYLE


FREESTYLE


BEAUTY


FASHION


BABIES


COUPLES


FITNESS


HOME


TRAVEL


WEDDINGS




ENTERTAINMENT


TV


MUSIC


MOVIES




RED CARPET


PEOPLE'S CHOICE AWARDS


GOLDEN GLOBES


SAG AWARDS


GRAMMYS


OSCARS


EMMYS




EVENTS


FASHION WEEK


SUPER BOWL


COACHELLA


MET GALA


COMIC-CON


OLYMPICS




VIDEOS


PHOTOS


E! SHOWS


BOTCHED


HOLLYWOOD MEDIUM


FAMOUSLY SINGLE


KARDASHIANS


DAILY POP


E! NEWS


LIFE OF KYLIE


FASHION POLICE


SCHEDULE


MORE SHOWS




MORE


E! NEWS STORE


APPS


NEWSLETTER


E! NOW


PEOPLE'S CHOICE







FULL EPISODES


us
Australia
Germany
France
UK
Canada
USA
Mexico
Brazil





Press Enter to Search















			Jesse James Opens Up About His Divorce From Sandra Bullock: "The Painful Part Was About Louis"
		




						By
					

&









by
Samantha Schnurr


			
			|
			





Share




Tweet




Share




Email


















								
									
									
										Latest News
									
								
							








								The Big Picture: Today's Hot Photos
							









								Unforgettable Beauty Pageant Disasters
							










								Best and Worst Celebrity Transformations
							







Share




Tweet




Share




Email

















DC Hunter, PacificCoastNews.com

More than five years later, Jesse James is revealing intimate feelings about the divorce that rocked the country and tore his life apart.  During an interview with In Depth With Graham Bensinger, the 46-year-old motorcycle entrepreneur took full responsibility for the events that unfolded between him and his ex-wife Sandra Bullock at the start of 2010. "The relationship part I was able to put [aside]," James said. "I had to stand up in front of the media and take full account for what I did and I took it all. I took 100 percent of it right on the chin. Nobody does that. Everybody denies it." What was it that he did all those years ago? Right on the ecstatic heels of Bullock's 2010 Academy Award win for her portrayal of Leigh Anne Tuohy in The Blind Side, rumors surfaced that her husband of five years had been having affairs with multiple women over the course of their marriage. James acknowledged the accusations with a public apology to his wife and children just days after the initial reveal."There is only one person to blame for this whole situation, and that is me," he said in a statement years ago, later checking into a rehab facility.After Bullock had stood on the Golden Globe stage that same year to credit James with improving her work and having her back, she had seemingly had enough and filed for divorce in April.



PHOTOS: Sandra Bullock's best roles








Eric Charbonneau/WireImage.com



The public did not know at the time that Bullock and James were in the midst of adopting a son that had been born two months earlier in New Orleans. Bullock proceeded with the adoption of the boy, Louis, without any further participation from James. "I got divorced and lost a kid I adopted because of it," he said during the interview. "Whether that's fair, whether I should have lost a kid due to infidelity, which I don't think anybody ever does."That loss still haunts James, who is also a father to two daughters and a son from previous marriages."The painful part was about Louis, who we adopted," James said. "As bad as stuff was between us, we adopted a kid and things got kind of good for a little while and we had that kid to focus on, and, boom, it was over in 24 hours — gone, done."



READ: Sandra Bullock is troubled by media attacks on women





AKM-GSI

Both James and Bullock created very separate new lives for themselves since revelations of his infidelity first surfaced. James was engaged to on and off-again girlfriend, tattoo artist Kat Von D. The pair had broken off their engagement twice, Von D later accusing James of cheating. He recently married professional drag racer Alexis DeJoria—a marriage he admits may be the perfect fit."She's just like a real woman. I don't want to say anything to jinx it, but it's pretty good. She's the first person I've ever been with that just lets me work and thinks it's awesome."



READ: Sandra Bullock's boyfriend can't stop gushing about her




Bullock stayed busy raising her son, who is now 5 years old, and garnered another Oscar nomination for a riveting performance in the 2013 science fiction thriller, Gravity. As of late, she has been spotted mid-PDA with new boyfriend, 49-year-old photographer Bryan Randall.We're all where we're supposed to be," Bullock told Vogue in October 2013. "I am exactly where I want to be now. You can't go backward. I'm not going backward. I'm grateful that I'm here, blessed to have what I have."Two more years later and the sentiment still seems to hold true. Jesse James' complete interview on In Depth With Graham Bensinger airs this weekend. Check your local listings. 



















PHOTOS: Most expensive celebrity divorces








TAGS/
Divorces

					,
				

					Sandra Bullock

					,
				

					Jesse James

					,
				

					Cheating

					,
				

					Top Stories
















Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Tumblr
Snapchat



About Us
FAQ
Careers
Contact Us
Site Map
Apps
Cookie Policy
Show Schedule
Shop
Closed Captioning
E! Now


Sweepstakes
Advertise
AdChoices


RSS Feeds
E! Account


Got a News Tip? Click Here




            E! Online - Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and        celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
        


Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Independent Programming Report | © 2017 E! Entertainment Television, LLC. A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.
    







































U.S.



CA



U.K.



AU



DE



FR



Brazil




E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our US edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Canadian edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our UK edition?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our Australian edition?


E! ist überall
Dieser Inhalt ist für internationale Besucher verfügbar. Möchtest du ihn in der deutschen Version anschauen?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our German edition?


E! est partout
Une version adaptée de ce contenu est disponible pour notre public international. Souhaitez-vous voir ça dans notre édition française ?


E! Is Everywhere
This content is available customized for our international audience. Would you like to view this in our French edition?



Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Ja !
Nein, danke.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Oui!
Non, merci.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


Sim!
Não, obrigado.


Yes!
No, Thanks.


¡Si!
No, gracias.


Yes!
No, Thanks.



Translate to English
Translate to English

Impressum




Translate to English >
Translate to English >
Translate to English >
Translate to English >
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to US edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Canadian edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to UK edition?
This content is available customized for our international audience. Switch to Australian edition?
Möchtest du zur deutschen Version wechseln?
Do you want to go to the German edition?
Souhaitez-vous vous rendre sur l'édition française ?
Do you want to go to the French edition?
Nós especializamos nosso site para sua região! Você gostaria de ir para E! Online Brasil?
We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Brazilian edition?
¡Hemos especializado nuestro sitio para tu región! ¿Quieres ir a E! Online Latino?
We have specialized our website for your region. Would you like to switch to our Latino edition?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Ja !
Yes!
Oui!
Yes!
Sim!
Yes!
¡Si!
Yes!
✕













Alexis DeJoria: Top 10 Facts You Need To Know





































































































 

 
Alexis DeJoria: Top 10 Facts You Need To Know 




 


















































































































Search















Alexis DeJoria: Top 10 Facts You Need To Know










































































































 


2.6K Views			

13 Shares			

0 Comments 






 

						By Joanna Hausmann



Published Mar 25, 2013 at 6:22pm

Updated Apr 17, 2015 at 1:21pm					






 






 






Television personality Jesse James — known primarily for blatantly cheating and single-handedly ruining his relationship with actress Sandra Bullock — has a new lady … again. The man who went from being married to a stripper/porn star to an Academy Award winner has tied the knot for the fourth time with drag racer Alexis DeJoria. Here’s what you need to know about the new Mrs. James.

1. Her Dad is a Billionaire Who Owns PatrónJohn Paul DeJoria went from living in his car along L.A.’s Sunset Strip to lording over a haircare and alcohol empire. In 1980, the Navy vet teamed up with Paul Mitchell to launch a shampoo company with a $700 investment. DeJoria sold product door-to-door. He struck gold again launching premium tequila maker Patron Spirits with Martin Crowley in 1989.

 

 
2. She’s a Pro Drag Racer 
She is one of the top female drag racers in the country and was the second woman to win a national event in the top alcohol division. She now competes in the faster nitro division. DeJoria is one of a handful of women who have competed in drag racing since Shirley Muldowney, who started as a street racer in the late 1950s

3. She Infamously Crashed Her Car During a Race
DeJoria suffered a close call in 2009 while racing in Englishtown, New Jersey. Her brakes went out and her parachutes ripped off, making it impossible to stop as her car that exceeded 200 mph. The car went over the sand pit at the end of the track and landed on its roof.

3. She Has a Radio Show
Alexis hosts a weekly radio show where she interviews racing personalities.

 

 
4. Her Dad’s Tequila Company is Her Sponsor
Patrón is a brand of tequila products produced in Mexico by the Patrón Spirits Company and owned by Alexis’ father. Alexis proudly branded her company with Patrón imagery.

5.She Tied the Knot With James in Malibu
The wedding took place at the home of the bride’s father, with the ceremony taking place around 5 p.m. under an altar overlooking the ocean. The nuptials were planned by Mindy Weiss and Revelry Event Designers. James’ daughters were flower girls.


Introduce DeJoria to Your Friends and Share!
Share 
Tweet 
Share 
Email


6. James and DeJoria Began Dating in September 2012
The new couple started hooking up only one year after the motorcycle mogul ended his engagement to celebrity tattoo artist, Kat Von D. The on again off again relationship with L.A Ink reality star finally ended in 2012. Kat Von D, who has tattooed James’ fifth grade school portrait went through laser treatment to remove it. James’ ex shared the process on her twitter – posting pictures of the disappearing tattoo.

 

 
7. She’s Not a Party Girl
It would have been easy for the heir to a billion-dollar empire to follow in her father’s footsteps or spend his money partying with Hollywood celebrities. She instead relocated to Gainesville, Florida, to attend Frank Hawley’s Drag Racing School, the preferred school for school for apprentice drag racers.




Read More From Heavy
Five Ways To Tell You’re One Of Jesse James’ Mistresses



8. She Kept Her Family Name a Secret
Alexis DeJoria with her billionaire father John Paul DeJoria
Wanting to be taken seriously by drag racers, DeJoria chose to keep her family name out of the sport at first. In an interview with the Washington Post, DeJoria said:
Because that can definitely throw fog in the mix. People get clouded visions of you and they think that you are something that you’re not. I could be perceived as the Paris Hilton of drag racing, but that’s just not my style. I wanted to prove myself as a driver. Not just a female driver, but a driver. And I think I’ve done that.

9. She Has a 10-Year-Old Daughter
Jesse James’ kids used to live with Sandra Bullock.
DeJoria has a pre-teen daughter named Isabella who is now step-sister to Jesse’s three kids. He has a daughter and a son with his first wife, Karla, and a daughter with his second wife, stripper/porn star/producer Janine Lindemulder.

10. Hobbies Include Sky-Diving
As stated on her profile on the National Hot Rod Association page, her hobbies include snowboarding, riding dirt bikes, skydiving, and watching movies
 

 





 See More Breaking News  → 







 

No Comments

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (Address never made public)



Name



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 


Discuss on Facebook










 Discover the Stories That MatterJoin over 100,000 people who get the most important news stories and the best shopping deals from Heavy delivered right to your inbox. 

 

















Post to



Cancel







 



















































































































































