


SunCoke Energy - About Us - History












Site Map  |  Contact Us





Home
About Us

History
Mission & Values
Strategy
Management

Frederick "Fritz" Henderson
Denise R. Cade
P. Michael (Mike) Hardesty
Fay West


Facilities
Procurement
Contact Us


Our Business

Customer Excellence
Coal Logistics
The SunCoke Way
Business Model
Geographic Reach
Long-Term Coke Contracts


Our People

Working at SunCoke Energy
Awards
Employment Opportunities
Students & Internships


Our Innovation

The SunCoke Way
SunCoke Energy Design


Corporate Responsibility

Environmental Protection
Community Partnerships
Safety & Health


Media
Investor Relations
Nav Bar
 







ABOUT US

History
Mission & Values
Strategy
Management

Frederick "Fritz" Henderson
Denise R. Cade
P. Michael (Mike) Hardesty
Fay West


Facilities
Procurement
Contact Us
 

History
50 years of cokemaking experience
SunCoke Energy has a rich history in coal mining and cokemaking. Our past successes give us the confidence and determination to prosper and grow our company.

Jewell Coke Plant in Vansant, Virginia
Starting in coal mining at our metallurgical coal mining operations, SunCoke Energy’s operations have grown over the years to include five coke plants in the Americas.
SunCoke Energy’s cokemaking process started when B. Ray Thompson built three test ovens in Vansant, Virginia in the early 1960’s. A four month test found that coke could be made from Virginia coal. Production was scaled up during the next ten years. In 1969, 450,000 tons of coke were produced per year at what is now our Jewell cokemaking facility.
Production continued to expand into the 1970’s when 16 large Jewell-Thompson ovens were built, increasing capacity by 80,000 tons per year. In the early 1980’s, SunCoke Energy improved its technology with enhanced combustion control and oven construction techniques, thereby enhancing coke quality. Then in the late 1980’s, we developed new technologies and processes to monitor and control oven temperatures increasing our coking cycles to 48 hours.
With a mature and robust coke oven technology, SunCoke Energy continued to improve its coke quality and coal-to-coke yield through the 1990's. During that time we also implemented our heat recovery/power generation technology.
As a result of the design improvements and extensive operational know-how developed since we began coke production in 1962, we believe that we possess the most advanced and environmentally sound cokemaking technology in the industry.  Our oven design and operational practices also allow us to produce more electricity from our heat recovery process than any competing heat recovery technology.
Today, SunCoke Energy currently operates metallurgical coke plants in Vansant, Virginia; East Chicago, Indiana; Haverhill, Ohio; Granite City, Illinois; Middletown, Ohio; and Vitória, Brazil . These facilities produce over 5 million tons of coke each year.
Learn more about our oven design  and plants.







Home  |  About Us  |  Our Business  |  Our People  |  Our Innovation  |  Corporate Responsibility  |  Media  |  Investor Relations

    © Copyright 2015 SunCoke Energy || Site Design by Droz Creative








JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P. | Case No. 1:10-cv-01946. | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P. v. ARCELORMITTAL USA, INC.



					 
				




								JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P. v. ARCELORMITTAL USA, INC.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Case No. 1:10-cv-01946.
								




View Case






JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P., Plaintiff,
v.
ARCELORMITTAL USA, INC., Defendant.


United States District Court, N.D. Ohio.
November 8, 2010.









OPINION & ORDER
[Resolving Doc. Nos. 6, 19]
JAMES S. GWIN, District Judge.
The Defendant, ArcelorMittal USA, Inc. ("ArcelorMittal USA") moves the Court to dismiss this action under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. [Doc. 6.] The Plaintiff opposes the motion. [Doc. 19.]
For the following reasons, the Court GRANTS the Defendant's motion to dismiss.
I. Background
In this contract dispute, Plaintiff Jewell files suit seeking declaratory judgment under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 57 and 28 U.S.C. §§ 2201 & 2202 declaring that ArcelorMittal USA must guarantee a coke supply agreement as currently written. [Doc. 1.] Jewell also asserts a claim of negligent misrepresentation. [Id.] Plaintiff Jewell is a limited liability partnership that produces blast furnace coke in Vansant, Virginia. [Id. at ¶ 8.] Defendant ArcelorMittal USA is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business in Chicago, Illinois. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 9; Doc. 18 at ¶ 9.] ArcelorMittal USA manufactures steel and is the parent corporation of ArcelorMittal Cleveland, Inc. and ArcelorMittal Indiana Harbor, LLC (collectively "ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana"). [Doc. 1 at ¶ 9; Doc. 18 at ¶ 9.] The Court has proper diversity jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1332(a)(1) since there is complete diversity and the amount in controversy exceeds $75,000.
This particular dispute arises out of the same nucleus of facts as a related suit — also before this Court — between Jewell and ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana. ArcelorMittal Cleveland, Inc. v. Jewell Coke Co., L.P., No. 1:10-CV-00362 (N.D. Ohio). In October 2002, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana1 and Jewell entered into an agreement that Jewell would annually supply approximately 700,000 tons of blast furnace coke. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 15.] This agreement ran through 2005, but provided an option for ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana to extend the contract through 2007. [Id at ¶ 16.] In October 2003, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana also contracted to purchase 550,000 tons of coke annually from the Haverhill North Coke Company, a Jewell affiliate ("Haverhill Coke Agreement"). [Id at ¶ 23.] Both Jewell and Haverhill are subsidiaries of Sun Coal & Coke Company ("Sun").
Also in October 2003, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana and Jewell executed a restated and amended coke supply agreement ("the amended purchase agreement"). [Id at ¶ 21.] The amended purchase agreement extended the original 2002 agreement through 2007; it also contracted for the sale of 700,000 tons of coke annually by Jewell from January 1, 2008 through 2020 under a new pricing formula. [Id. at ¶ 21.] The parties based the amended purchase agreement pricing formula on the price of coke sold to ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana under the 2003 Haverhill Coke Agreement. [Id. at ¶ 27.]
In the related litigation also before the Court, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana allege that the new pricing formula in the amended purchase agreement contains an error, which is causing them to pay a 50% premium for Jewell coke. ArcelorMittal Cleveland, Inc. v. Jewell Coke Co., L.P, 2010 WL 3749592 (N.D. Ohio Sept. 21, 2010). In that action, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana claim that a multiplier in the new pricing formula was inverted — a mistake that the Plaintiffs in that suit calculate already cost them $100 million, with a total amount over the life of the contract of more than $1 billion. Id. ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana seek to have the amended purchase agreement reformed or rescinded due to unilateral or mutual mistake. Id. The Court denied Jewell's motion to dismiss in that suit and discovery is currently ongoing. Id.
In 2007, Defendant ArcelorMittal USA was ordered by the United States Department of Justice to sells its facility at Sparrows Point for antitrust reasons. [Doc. 6 at 3.] At that time, Sparrows Point LLC was also a party to the previously discussed amended purchase agreement. [Id.] In connection with the sale of Sparrows Point LLC, Plaintiff Jewell and Defendant ArcelorMittal USA entered into a letter agreement ("guaranty agreement"), in which both Jewell and Haverhill consented to Sparrows Point's withdrawal from the amended purchase agreement. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 43.] As a condition for allowing the withdrawal, ArcelorMittal USA guaranteed the obligations of ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana under the amended purchase agreement. [Id. at ¶¶ 44-46.] The guaranty agreement currently remains in force.
On September 1, 2010, Jewell filed a complaint, seeking a declaratory judgment ruling that in the event that the amended purchase agreement between Jewell and ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana is reformed or rescinded, that ArcelorMittal USA is still required to guarantee payment under the amended purchase agreement's original terms. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 56.] Jewell also brings a claim of negligent misrepresentation, alleging that ArcelorMittal USA was aware that ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana believed that the amended purchase agreement contained a mistake in 2008 when the guaranty agreement was signed, and that the Defendant purposely withheld this information from Jewell. [Id. at ¶¶ 58-65.]
The Defendant ArcelorMittal USA says that this Court should dismiss this action under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted. Specifically, the Defendant argues that (1) the guaranty agreement specifically prohibits Jewell from bringing the current suit; (2) the declaratory judgment claim does not currently present a justiciable case or controversy; and (3) the negligent misrepresentation claim fails to state a valid cause of action. [Doc. 6 at 1, 9.]
II. Legal Standard
A court may grant a motion to dismiss only when "it appears beyond doubt" that the plaintiff fails to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(6); Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 45 (1957). "To survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint must contain sufficient factual matter, accepted as true, to `state a claim for relief that is plausible on its face.'" Ashcroft v. Iqbal, 129 S.Ct. 1937, 1949 (2009) (quoting Bell Atlantic v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570 (2007)).2 The plausibility requirement is not a "probability requirement," but requires "more than a sheer possibility that the defendant has acted unlawfully." Id.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8 provides the general standard of pleading and only requires that a complaint "contain . . . a short plain statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief." Fed. R. Civ. P. 8(a)(2). "Rule 8 marks a notable and generous departure from the hyper-technical, code-pleading regime of a prior era, but it does not unlock the doors of discovery for a plaintiff armed with nothing more than conclusions." Iqbal, 129 S. Ct. at 1949 (citations removed). In deciding a motion to dismiss under Rule 12(b)(6), "a court should assume the[] veracity" of "well-pleaded factual allegations," but need not accept a plaintiff's conclusory allegations as true. Iqbal, 129 S. Ct. at 1949-51.
III. Analysis
III.A Declaratory Judgment
The Defendant makes two related arguments for why the Plaintiff's cause of action seeking a declaratory judgment must be dismissed. First, the Defendant says that the Court should dismiss this action since the guaranty agreement specifically prohibits Jewell from bringing the current suit. [Doc. 6 at 4-5.] Second, the Defendant says that the declaratory judgment claim does not currently present a justiciable case or controversy because it is not yet ripe. [Id. at 5-6.] The Court finds both of these arguments persuasive and GRANTS the Defendant's motion to dismiss the Plaintiff's declaratory judgment action without prejudice.
i. Suit Barred by Contractual Provision
First, on the contract issue, the Court finds that the guaranty agreement specifically prohibits suit until there is a default on the underlying obligation. Section 2 of the guaranty agreement reads:
[N]otwithstanding any other provisions in this Guaranty, no action shall commence against the Guarantor unless and until written notice of default is first made upon the applicable Guarantor's Affiliate and Guarantor pursuant to the requirements set forth in the Haverhill Contract or, as applicable, the Jewell Contract, and such Guarantor's Affiliate or the Guarantor fails to cure such default within the applicable cure period.
[Doc. 1-3 at 17.] "Issues of contract interpretation are generally matters of law and therefore [are] suitable for disposition on a motion to dismiss." PB Americas v. Continental Cas. Co., 690 F.Supp.2d 242, 247 (S.D.N.Y. 2010) (quotation omitted). The interpretation of a contract of suretyship is governed by the same standards which govern the interpretation of contracts in general. General Authority for Supply Commodities, Cairo, Egypt v. Insurance Co. of N.A., 951 F.Supp. 1097 (S.D.N.Y. 1997) (citing General Phoenix Corp. v. Cabot, 89 N.E.2d 238, 214 (N.Y. 1949)). Additionally, it is a basic contract principle that when the parties set down their agreement in a clear, complete document, that their writing should be enforced according to its terms. Vermont Teddy Bear Co., Inc. v. 538 Madison Realty Co., 807 N.E.2d 876, 879 (N.Y. 2004).3
The plain language of the guaranty agreement prohibits suit against the Guarantor (ArcelorMittal USA) until "written notice of default is first made upon the applicable Guarantor's Affiliate." [Doc. 1-3 at 17.] However, no allegation is made by Jewell that ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana defaulted on the underlying obligation or that any sort of written notice was given to those companies. Indeed, Jewell admits in its complaint that ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana "have continued to pay under the Jewell Coke Supply Agreement and have not refused the shipments of coke by Jewell. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 41.]
The Plaintiff attempts to circumvent this provision of the contract by saying that "the provision does not apply to this action [because] Jewell does not sue to enforce [the Defendant's] liability to pay any amount owed... Rather, Jewell seeks a declaration of [the Defendant's] obligations under the Guaranty." [Doc. 19 at 5.] However, this argument is belied by the plain language of the contract, which states that "no action shall commence . . . unless and until written notice of default is first made." [Doc. 1-3 at 17.] A suit for declaratory judgment is "an action" that will determine legal rights and obligations under the guaranty agreement and any natural reading of this provision would include a declaratory judgment action within its reach. Essentially, Jewell is improperly attempting to amend this provision to read that only actions brought specifically to collect on the guaranty are limited. The Court rejects this position.
Since the plain language of this contract prohibits suit against the Defendant until there is a default on the amended purchase agreement, this action is premature. Pursuant to the contract, this action may be appropriately be filed at a later date. Therefore, the Court finds that the Plaintiff's claim seeking a declaratory judgment should be dismissed without prejudice.
ii. Actual Case or Controversy
Although this cause of action is disposed of by the finding that the plain terms of the contract bars suit, the Court will also consider the Defendant's argument that this suit is not yet ripe.
Federal courts may only adjudicate actual "cases" and "controversies." U.S. Const., art. III, § 2. This constitutional limitation applies to cases brought under the Declaratory Judgment Act. Aetna Life Ins. Co. v. Haworth, 300 U.S. 227, 240-41 (1937); 28 U.S.C. § 2201. Under Article III of the Constitution, a suit is not a justiciable "case" or "controversy" if it is not yet ripe. "Ripeness is a question of timing," City Communications, Inc. v. Detroit, 888 F.2d 1081, 1089 (6th Cir. 1989), and a "claim is not amenable to judicial process when it is filed too early." Sch. Dist. v. Sec'y of the United States Dep't of Educ., 584 F.3d 253, 260 (6th Cir. 2009) (citations omitted).
When a controversy depends on a future or contingent event, a court must carefully analyze whether the dispute is ripe. To determine whether an action is ripe, courts in the Sixth Circuit consider: (1) the likelihood that the alleged harm will come to pass; (2) whether the factual record is sufficiently developed to produce a fair adjudication on the merits; and (3) the hardship to the parties if judgment is withheld until after the harm occurs. Adult Video Ass'n v. United States DOJ, 71 F.3d 563, 568 (6th Cir. 1995). The Court will consider each of these factors in turn.
On the first factor, the Court finds that the particular harm alleged is speculative, at best. Although ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana have challenged their obligation to pay the amount owed under the amended purchase agreement, those parties have continued to pay under the agreement and have not given any indication that a default is likely. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 41.] Moreover, the alleged harm — the failure to pay on the amended purchase agreement as currently written — is entirely contingent upon the outcome of the pending litigation in ArcelorMittal Cleveland, Inc. v. Jewell Coke Co., L.P., No. 1:10-CV-00362 (N.D. Ohio). Thus, for the harm to materialize, Defendant Jewell must first be unsuccessful in that suit. A "claim is not ripe for adjudication if it rests upon contingent future events that may not occur as anticipated, or indeed may not occur at all." Wignet v. JP Morgan Chase Bank. N.A., 537 F.3d 565, 582 (6th Cir. 2008) (citing Cooley v. Granholm, 291 F.3d 880, 883-84 (6th Cir. 2002)). Therefore, the Court finds that this factor weighs in favor of finding that the action is not yet fit for review. Beck v. Gannett Satellite Informational Network, Inc., 124 Fed. App'x 311, 324-25 (6th Cir. 2005).
The Court finds that the second factor — whether the factual records is sufficiently developed to produce a fair adjudication on the merits — weighs slightly in favor of the Plaintiff. This suit will largely turn on the intent of the parties in drafting the guaranty agreement; specifically, whether ArcelorMittal USA must guaranty the original terms of the amended purchase agreement, even if the amended purchase agreement is reformed or rescinded. [Doc. 6 at 7-9; Doc. 19 at 6.] The factual record likely could be developed if this claim proceeded to allow the Court to make these determinations.
The third factor — the hardship to the parties if judgment is withheld until after the harm occurs — weighs in favor of the Defendant. Jewell alleges that its business operations will be jeopardized should there be any gap in payment on the amended purchase agreement. [Doc. 19 at 7.] However, this harm is speculative. Indeed, the Plaintiff will suffer no harm unless they are unsuccessful in the underlying lawsuit. The Plaintiff is really alleging that they are faced with great uncertainty because ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana may, in the future, default on the amended purchase agreement. Nebraska Pub. Power Dist. v. MidAmerican Energy Co., 234 F.3d 1032, 1038 (8th Cir. 2000) (stating harm may validly include uncertainty).
In this case, however, the uncertainty does not rise to the level of undue hardship. See Norton v. Ashcroft, 298 F.3d 547, 555 (6th Cir. 2002). Specifically, under the express terms of the guaranty agreement, the Plaintiff contractually agreed not to bring suit to enforce payment against ArcelorMittal USA until a notice of default is first filed. [Doc. 1-3 at 17.] Thus, at all times under this contract, Jewell faced the risk of a gap in payment because it agreed not to bring suit until a default occurred. The prospect of having to wait for a default before adjudicating rights under the guaranty agreement is not an unexpected risk and is therefore not an undue hardship. Although Jewell undoubtedly prefers to adjudicate its legal rights without waiting for a potentially harmful gap in payment — an insurance policy of sorts — in reality Jewell currently faces no greater risk of harm than is normally associated with a long-term business contract. The Court finds that no irreparable harm or substantial hardship will result should the Court delay adjudication of the rights of the parties under the guaranty agreement.
Accordingly, after considering whether this action for declaratory judgment is fit for judicial resolution, the Court finds that the action is not yet ripe. First, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana did not default or even threaten to default on the underlying contract; second, the need for judicial resolution of the exact nature of the payment guaranteed by the guaranty agreement is entirely contingent on outcome of other pending litigation; and third, the Plaintiff does not currently face any greater risk of harm than is normally associated with a business contract. Thus, the action is not yet ripe and the Court must dismiss the action without prejudice. Winget, 537 F.3d at 582.4
III.B Negligent Misrepresentation
The Plaintiff also asserts a claim alleging that the Defendant possessed knowledge in 2008, when the guaranty agreement was signed, that ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana believed that the underlying amended purchase agreement contained a mistake in its pricing formula. [Doc. 1 at ¶¶ 57-65.] The Plaintiff says that the Defendant concealed this information, inducing the Plaintiff to enter into the guaranty agreement. [Id.]
As a preliminary matter, the parties agree that New York state law controls with respect to the guaranty agreement. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 50; Doc. 6 at 6; Doc. 19 at 14.] The guaranty agreement provides that "[t]his guaranty and the rights and obligations of Haverhill, Jewell and Guarantor shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York . . ." [Doc. 1-3 at 19.] Although the parties agree that New York law should apply to the claim of negligent misrepresentation, the language of the contract does not necessarily suggest such a broad construction.
When a court exercises diversity or supplemental jurisdiction over state law claims, "the choice-of-law rules of the forum state . . . govern the determination whether to enforce the . . . selection of . . . law." Wallace Hardware Co. v. Abrams, 223 F.3d 382, 391 (6th Cir. 2000) (citing Klaxon Co. v. Stentor Elec. Mfg. Co., 313 U.S. 487 (1941); Banek Inc. v. Yogurt Ventures U.S.A., Inc., 6 F.3d 357, 361 (6th Cir. 1993). In this case the forum state is Ohio, so Ohio choice of law rules govern in deciding whether this Court will apply New York law as per the choice of law provision in the guaranty agreement.
The Ohio Supreme Court has adopted the Restatement (Second) of Conflict of Laws, which provides:
The law of the state chosen by the parties to govern their contractual rights and duties will be applied, even if the particular issue is one which the parties could not have resolved by an explicit provision in their agreement directed to that issue, unless either
(a) the chosen state has no substantial relationship to the parties or the transaction and there is no other reasonable basis for the parties' choice, or
(b) application of the law of the chosen state would be contrary to a fundamental policy of a state which has a materially greater interest than the chosen state in the determination of the particular issue and which, under the rule of § 188, would be the state of the applicable law in the absence of an effective choice of law by the parties.
Tele-Save Merch. Co., 814 F.2d at 1122.
In this case, the Restatement factors favor the application of the parties choice of law provision. Applying New York law would not be adverse or repugnant to Ohio public policy and Ohio does not have a materially greater interest in this suit than does New York. Having determined that the choice of law provision is valid, the Court must now turn to determining the provision's precise scope.
The Sixth Circuit has held that similar provisions apply not only to claims arising under a contract, but also to related tort claims. In Banek, Inc. v. Yogurt Ventures U.S.A., Inc., the Sixth Circuit held that a choice of law provision which stated that Georgia law was to govern "all rights and obligations" pertaining to a franchise agreement was "sufficiently broad so as to cover [the Plaintiffs'] fraud and misrepresentation claims" as well. 6 F.3d 357, 363 (6th Cir. 1993). The Court based its holding on the fact that the fraud and misrepresentation claims were "directly" and not "tangentially" related to the franchise agreement. Id. Similarly, in Baumgardner v. Bimbo Food Bakeries Distribution, Inc., 697 F.Supp.2d 801 (N.D. Ohio 2010), the court held that a choice of law provision which stated that "the validity, performance, and interpretation of this agreement shall be controlled and construed in accordance with the laws of New York" was broad enough to apply to claims of tortious interference with contract and unjust enrichment. 697 F. Supp. 2d at 804-06. The court in Baumgardner noted that, while these tort claims were "not explicitly covered" by the contract, they were nevertheless "not tangential" but rather "closely related to `performance of the agreement.'" Id. at 806; see also Moses v. Bus. Card Express, Inc., 929 F.2d 1131, 1139-40 (6th Cir. 1993) (holding choice of law provision applicable to fraud and misrepresentation claims when Plaintiffs were not asserting "claims that arose incidentally of the contractual relationship" but rather claims that "put the validity of the contract in issue.")
In the instant case, the Plaintiff's claim of negligent misrepresentation is not explicitly covered by the choice of law provision, but it is closely related to the performance and underlying negotiation of the contract. Therefore, the Court finds that this claim is subject to the parties' choice of law provision, and as a result, the Court will apply New York law to the claim.
Proceeding to the merits, the Plaintiff alleges that the Defendant possessed knowledge in 2008, when the guaranty agreement was signed, that ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana believed the underlying amended purchase agreement contained a mistake in its pricing formula. [Doc. 1 at ¶¶ 57-65.] The Plaintiff says that the Defendant concealed this information, inducing the Plaintiff to enter into the guaranty agreement and causing resultant damages. [Id.] The Defendant argues that the Court should dismiss the Plaintiff's claim of negligent misrepresentation under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted under the applicable New York law. [Doc. 6 at 9.]
"Under New York law, the elements for a negligent misrepresentation claim are that (1) the defendant had a duty, as a result of a special relationship, to give correct information; (2) the defendant made a false representation that he or she should have known was incorrect; (3) the information supplied in the representation was known by the defendant to be desired by the plaintiff for a serious purpose; (4) the plaintiff intended to rely and act upon it; and (5) the plaintiff reasonably relied on it to his or her detriment." Hydro Investors, Inc. v. Trafalgar Power, Inc., 227 F.3d 8, 21 (2d Cir. 2000).
Under the first element of the cause of action, "a party must demonstrate that the person making the misrepresentation possessed specialized or unique experience, or the persons involved are in a special relationship of confidence and trust such that reliance on the negligent misrepresentation is justified." Salesian Soc'y, Inc. v. Nutmeg Partners Ltd., 271 A.D.2d 671, 673 (N.Y. App. Div. 2000) (citing Kimmell v. Schaefer, 675 N.E.2d 450, 454 (N.Y. 1996)). Establishing a "special relationship" under this element requires showing a fiduciary relationship or some other closer degree of trust beyond an ordinary business relationship. See H&R Project Associates, Inc. v. City of Syracuse, 289 A.D.2d 967, 969 (N.Y. App. Div. 2001).
The Plaintiff here does not allege that any special relationship existed between the parties. New York courts have consistently held that in the absence of a special relationship an action alleging negligent misrepresentation must be dismissed. Murphy v. Kuhn, 682 N.E.2d 972, 974 (N.Y. 1997); Dallas Aerospace, Inc. v. CIS Air Corp., 352 F.3d 775, 788 (2d. Cir. 2003); Stewart v. Jackson & Nash, 976 F.2d 86, 90 (2d Cir. 1992). Here, Jewell and ArcelorMittal USA were commercial parties engaged in an arm's length transaction and nothing in the complaint suggests that a special relationship existed between them. See, e.g. LaSalle Bank v. Citicorp Real Estate, 2003 WL 1461483, at *3-*6 (S.D.N.Y. Mar.21, 2003) (holding that no special relationship existed between a mortgage loan seller and purchaser where duty to provide accurate information about financial status of companies subject to mortgage arose solely from the operative purchase agreement); Kimmell, 675 N.E.2d at 454 ("Professionals, such as lawyers and engineers, by virtue of their training and expertise, may have special relationships of confidence and trust with their clients, and in certain situations we have imposed liability for negligent misrepresentation when they have failed to speak with care").
The Plaintiff alternatively attempts to satisfy this element of the offense by alleging that ArcelorMittal USA possessed specialized knowledge since it was "uniquely situated to attest to what its affiliates would have known of their business affairs." [Doc. 1 at ¶ 59.] This argument is not persuasive. All that Jewell really alleges is that ArcelorMittal USA possessed superior knowledge of its own internal affairs and the affairs of its affiliates than did Jewell. However, basing a claim of negligent misrepresentation on this sort of knowledge would transform every contract dispute into a negligent misrepresentation claim. JP Morgan Chase Bank v. Winnick, 350 F.Supp.2d 393, 403 (S.D.N.Y. 2004) ("Borrowers will almost always have `specialized' knowledge of the particulars of their businesses, and indeed, of the facts underlying any misrepresentations made in support of desired loan . . ."); LaSalle, 2003 WL 1461483, at *3-*4 (no duty arose from seller's "unique knowledge or access to information" about mortgage status). Accordingly, the Court finds that the Plaintiff fails to plead allegations sufficient to meet the first element of a cause of action for negligent misrepresentation.
The Defendant also argues that the Plaintiff failed to sufficiently allege facts that would constitute the fifth element of the claim of negligent misrepresentation — reliance resulting in detriment. [Doc. 6 at 13.] Specifically, the Plaintiff says that there is no reliance because the sale of Sparrows Point was mandated by court order and that no damages were suffered because there has been no default on the underlying amended purchase agreement. The Court finds the Defendant's argument persuasive as to damages. As already set forth in this opinion, any cause of action that Jewell might possess should the underlying amended purchase agreement be reformed or rescinded is premature. Likewise, any claim of detriment arising out of this guaranty agreement is also premature and speculative.5
Since the Plaintiff's pleadings fail to allege a claim of negligent misrepresentation, the Plaintiff's claim must be dismissed under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted.
IV. Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, Court GRANTS the Defendant's motion to dismiss and dismisses all claims against the Defendant. The Court dismisses Count I (declaratory judgment) without prejudice. The Court dismisses Count II (negligent misrepresentation) with prejudice.
IT IS SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. Prior to the merger of Mittal Steel USA and Arcelor S.A. in 2006, ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana's predecessor companies were ISG Cleveland and ISG Indiana Harbor. However, for the sake of simplicity, the Court refers to these companies as ArcelorMittal Cleveland & Indiana both prior to and after the merger which resulted in their current names.

2. The Court's Iqbal and Twombly interpretation of Rule 12(b)(6) has been correctly criticized as "contrary to many of the values underlying the Federal Rules" and "that the Court's preoccupation with defense costs is misplaced and its belittlement of case management as a way of cabining those costs is unpersuasive." Arthur Miller, From Conley to Twombly to Iqbal: a Double Play on the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, 60 Duke L.J. 1, 2 (2010).

3. The Court finds that the choice-of-law provision in the guaranty agreement is valid under Ohio choice-of-law principles. Tele-Save Merch. Co. v. Consumers Distrib. Co., Ltd., 814 F.2d 1120, 1122 (6th Cir.1987). The Court will apply New York law to the terms of the contract.

4. The Court also notes that it leaves the issue of whether it would be justified in declining jurisdiction under the declaratory judgment act unresolved. 28 U.S.C. § 2201. The Declaratory Judgment Act states that a court "may declare the rights and other legal relations of any interested party seeking this declaration." 28 U.S.C. § 2201. The Supreme Court has repeatedly characterized the Declaratory Judgment Act as "an enabling Act, which confers a discretion on the courts rather than an absolute right upon the litigant." Wilton v. Seven Falls Co., 515 U.S. 277, 287 (1995); see also Scottsdale Ins. Co. v. Flowers, 513 F.3d 546, 554 (6th Cir. 2008). However, since the Court already found that this suit must be dismissed because express terms of the contract bar the current suit and because the suit is not yet ripe, the Court need not decide this issue.

5. The Court need not decide the reliance issue, since the Plaintiff's claim already fails to state this element due to a lack of damages.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us

















ARCELORMITTAL CLEVELAND,  | 750 F.Supp.2d 839 (2010) | Leagle.com











































Menu





Home
Featured Lawyers
Featured Decisions
Latest Decisions
Browse Decisions
Advanced Search



















LAWYER LOGIN








Home
Browse Decisions
F.Supp.2d
750 F.Supp.2d
750 F.Supp.2d 839 (2010)



					 
				




								ARCELORMITTAL CLEVELAND, INC. v. JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P.
							

Email  | 
								Print  |
								Comments (0)



									Case No. 1:10-CV-00362.
								




View Case
Cited Cases
Citing Case 




750 F.Supp.2d 839 (2010)


ARCELORMITTAL CLEVELAND, INC., et al., Plaintiffs,
v.
JEWELL COKE COMPANY, L.P., Defendant.


United States District Court, N.D. Ohio.
September 21, 2010.








Attorney(s) appearing for the Case
  George R. Calhoun ,  Jose R. Gonzalez-Magaz ,  Howard H. Stahl , Steptoe & Johnson, Washington, DC,  John M. Alten ,  Paula Gallito Shakelton , Ulmer & Berne, Cleveland, OH, for Plaintiffs.
 Charles W. Zepp ,  Hugh E. McKay , Porter, Wright, Morris & Arthur, Cleveland, OH,  K. Catherine Roney ,  Matthew J. Siembieda ,  Timothy D. Katsiff , Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, Philadelphia, PA, for Defendant.





OPINION & ORDER [Resolving Doc. No. 11]
JAMES S. GWIN, District Judge.
In this contract dispute, the Defendant Jewell Coke Company, L.P. ("Jewell") moves the Court to dismiss this action under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief can be granted. [Doc. 11-1.] The Plaintiffs, ArcelorMittal Cleveland Inc. and ArcelorMittal Indiana Harbor LLC (collectively "ArcelorMittal") oppose the motion. [Doc. 23.] Jewell has replied. [Doc. 30.]
For the following reasons, this Court DENIES the Defendant's motion to dismiss.
I. Background
The Plaintiffs bring this case seeking reformation of an alleged mistake in a long-term contract for the supply of blast furnace coke. [Doc. 11-1 at 1, Doc. 23 at 1.] ArcelorMittal Cleveland is a Delaware corporation that owns and operates steel mills in Cleveland, Ohio. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 2.] Arcelor-Mittal Indiana Harbor is a Delaware limited liability company that owns and operates steel mills in East Chicago, Indiana. [Id. at ¶ 3.] The Defendant Jewell is a limited liability partnership that produces blast furnace coke in Vansant, Virginia. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 4, Doc. 31 at ¶ 4.] The Court has diversity jurisdiction over this action under 28 U.S.C. § 1332(a)(1).
On October 2, 2002, ArcelorMittal and Jewell agreed that Jewell would provide an annual supply of approximately 700,000 tons of blast furnace coke. [Doc. 23 at 6-7.] This agreement ran through 2005, with an option for ArcelorMittal to extend the contract through 2007. [Id.] On October 28, 2003, ArcelorMittal also contracted to purchase 550,000 tons of coke annually  from the Haverhill North Coke Company, a Jewell affiliate ("Haverhill Coke Agreement"). [Doc. 11-1 at 4.] Both Jewell and Haverhill are subsidiaries of Sun Coal & Coke Company ("Sun"). [Doc. 32 at ¶ 10.]
In October 2003, ArcelorMittal and Jewell executed a restated and amended coke supply agreement ("the amended purchase agreement"). [Doc. 11-1 at 3.] The amended purchase agreement extended the original 2002 agreement through 2007. Additionally, the parties also contracted for the sale of 700,000 tons of coke annually from January 1, 2008 through 2020 under a new pricing formula. [Doc. 23 at 9.] The parties based their amended purchase agreement pricing formula on the price of coke sold to ArcelorMittal under the 2003 Haverhill Coke Agreement. [Doc. 23 at 9.]1
The Plaintiffs allege that the pricing formula for coke in the amended purchase agreement contains an error. [Doc. 1.] One component of the sale price for the Jewell coke is a "Coal Cost per Ton of Coke" figure. The Coal Cost per Ton of Coke for Jewell coke is calculated in the amended purchase agreement by multiplying the current month's Coal Cost per Ton for Haverhill Coke by a multiplier. The pricing multiplier, or "Jewell multiplier," is calculated by dividing the weighted average of the Coal Cost per Ton of Coke actually paid in Haverhill Coke Agreement during 2007 by the sum of another calculation. [Doc. 1 at ¶; Doc. 11-1 at 5.] Thus, in the amended purchase agreement, the 2007 weighted average of Haverhill Coke is in the numerator of the Jewell multiplier.2 [Doc. 11-1 at 6.] The product of this calculation is the Coal Cost per Ton for Jewell Coke, which is used to calculate the total sale price of Jewell coke in the amended purchase agreement.
The Plaintiffs allege, however, that the Haverhill Coal Cost per Ton of Coke 2007 weighted average is actually supposed to be in the denominator of the Jewell multiplier and that the multiplier was inverted during the drafting process. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 42.] Because of the inversion, the Plaintiffs calculate that they are now paying a 50% premium for Jewell coke over the price of Haverhill coke, instead of paying a discount—a discount Plaintiffs claim should have been part of the contract. On January 1, 2008, the allegedly incorrect pricing term for Jewell coke went into effect. [Doc. 23 at 12.] The Plaintiffs calculate the current total overcharge at $100 million, with the total amount at issue through the remainder of the contract at over $1 billion. [Id.]
ArcelorMittal says that during the negotiations of the amended agreement the Defendant provided an illustration ("Illustration") detailing the pricing formula. [Doc. 23 at 10.] This Illustration arguably sought to explain the complex pricing formula in the amended purchase agreement. [Id.] In the Illustration, the 2007 weighted average of Haverhill coke is placed in the denominator of the Jewell multiplier, whereas in the actual contract this figure is placed in the numerator of the multiplier. [Doc. 23 at 10.] The Plaintiffs allege  that the multiplier in the Illustration was the actual intent of the parties and that Jewell coke was to be purchased at a discount from the Haverhill coke. [Doc. 23 at 11.] The Defendant, however, says that the pricing formula in the amended purchase agreement is correct. [Doc. 32.] Thus, this dispute turns on whether the 2007 weighted average of Haverhill Coke belongs in the numerator or the denominator of the pricing multiplier.3
On July 21, 2009, ArcelorMittal filed a complaint in the Cuyahoga County Court of Common Pleas. ArcelorMittal Cleveland, Inc. v. Jewell Coke Co., No. 1:09-CV-01981 (N.D.Ohio Jan. 26, 2010). Jewell removed the case to the federal court for the Northern District of Ohio. [Id.] On January 26, 2010, Judge Aldrich granted, without prejudice, Jewell's motion to dismiss under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted.
On February 17, 2010, ArcelorMittal filed a new complaint. [Doc. 1.] The Plaintiffs seek to rescind or reform the amended sales agreement based on mutual mistake (Count I) or unilateral mistake (Count III). [Id.] The Plaintiffs also seek restitution for alleged overpayments under the amended sales agreement (Count II). [Id.]
The Defendant says that this Court should dismiss this action under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6) for failure to state a claim upon which relief could be granted. Specifically, the Defendant argues that (1) the Plaintiffs fail to state a plausible claim of either mutual or unilateral mistake; (2) the Plaintiffs' mistake claims fail as a matter of law because the Plaintiffs were negligent in discovering the alleged mistake; (3) the Plaintiffs' claim of mutual mistake fails as a matter of law because the Plaintiffs' fail to adequately plead mutual mistake, and instead plead an implausible scrivener's error; (4) the Plaintiffs' unilateral mistake claim fails due to an insufficient pleading of the Defendant's knowledge of the mistake; (5) the Plaintiffs' unilateral mistake claim fails because the Plaintiffs bore the risk of mistake; and (6) the Plaintiffs' claim for unjust enrichment is barred since an express contract governs the dispute. [Doc. 11-1.]
II. Legal Standard
A court may grant a motion to dismiss only when "it appears beyond doubt" that the plaintiff fails to state a claim upon which relief may be granted. Fed.R.Civ.P. 12(b)(6); Conley v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 45, 78 S.Ct. 99, 2 L.Ed.2d 80 (1957). "To survive a motion to dismiss, a complaint must contain sufficient factual matter, accepted as true, to `state a claim for relief that is plausible on its face.'" Ashcroft v. Iqbal, ___ U.S. ___, 129 S.Ct. 1937, 1949, 173 L.Ed.2d 868 (2009) (quoting Bell Atlantic v. Twombly, 550 U.S. 544, 570, 127 S.Ct. 1955, 167 L.Ed.2d 929 (2007)). The plausibility requirement is not a "probability requirement," but requires "more than a sheer possibility that the defendant has acted unlawfully." Id.
Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 8 provides the general standard of pleading and only requires that a complaint "contain ... a short plain statement of the claim showing that the pleader is entitled to relief." Fed.R.Civ.P. 8(a)(2). "Rule 8 marks a notable and generous departure from the hyper-technical, code-pleading regime of a prior era, but it does not unlock the doors of discovery for a plaintiff armed with nothing more than conclusions." Iqbal,  129 S.Ct. at 1949 (citations removed). In addition, "[i]n all averments of fraud or mistake, the circumstances constituting fraud or mistake shall be stated with particularity." Fed.R.Civ.P. 9(b).
In deciding a motion to dismiss under Rule 12(b)(6), "a court should assume the[] veracity" of "well-pleaded factual allegations," but need not accept a plaintiff's conclusory allegations as true. Iqbal, 129 S.Ct. at 1949-51.
III. Analysis
III. A A Plausible Claim of Mistake?
The Defendant first says that the Plaintiffs' claims of both mutual and unilateral mistake must be dismissed since the Plaintiffs do not allege a plausible mistake. [Doc. 11-1 at 9.] Specifically, the Defendant argues that the Plaintiffs fail to allege any facts that substantiate the claim that the pricing formula in the amended purchase agreement is in error and that the Jewell coke was supposed to be priced at a discount to Haverhill coke. [Doc. 11-1 at 9.]
In contract law, a mistake is "a belief that is not in accord with the facts." Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 151. A mistake can be grounds for rescission or reformation of a contract. See Reilley v. Richards, 632 N.E.2d 507, 508-09 (1994); Galehouse Constr. Co., Inc. v. Winkler, 714 N.E.2d 954, 955 (1998); Mason v. Swartz, 600 N.E.2d 1121, 1125 (1991).
Here, the Court is presented with two plausible stories regarding the Jewell pricing multiplier. The Plaintiffs allege that during the course of negotiations with Sun (the parent company of both Jewell and Haverhill) that Sun and the Plaintiffs agreed Jewell coke would be sold at a discount relative to Haverhill coke. [Doc. 1 at ¶ 55.] In their complaint, the Plaintiffs present a narrative of several years of negotiations between ArcelorMittal and Sun that explains why Jewell coke was supposed to be discounted in the amended purchase agreement. This narrative is adequate to clear the plausibility requirement of Iqbal and Twombly.
According to the Plaintiffs, in July 2002—prior to the initial 2002 contract with Jewell for the purchase of coke—the Plaintiffs and Sun discussed the possibility of building a coke facility in Haverhill, Ohio, dedicated solely to the Plaintiffs. [Id. at ¶ 15.] Negotiations between the Plaintiffs and Sun continued for several months. In the interim, the Plaintiffs and Jewell reached a separate contract in 2002 for the sale of 700,000 tons of Jewell coke. [Id. at ¶ 13.]
In December 2002, Plaintiff say Sun proposed a contract for the sale of 1,250,000 tons of coke per year; the contract would maintain the supply of 700,000 tons of Jewell coke and would augment this total with another 550,000 tons annually from the Haverhill plant. [Id. at ¶ 16.] Over the course of several meetings in April 2003, the Plaintiffs voiced concern about paying the same price for Jewell coke as for Haverhill coke. [Id. at ¶¶ 21, 22.] The Plaintiffs say that the concern resulted from the claimed lower quality of Jewell coke, which allegedly has a higher ash content than does Haverhill coke. [Id. at ¶ 21.] Based upon these concerns, the Plaintiffs rejected the combined offer. [Id. at ¶ 23.]
In late 2003, Sun and ArcelorMittal revisited the earlier proposal, and the two companies agreed upon a pair of contracts. The first contract was for the sale of 550,000 tons of coke annually from the proposed Haverhill facility. [Id. at ¶ 26.] The second contract (the amended purchase agreement) was for 700,000 tons of coke annually and was an amendment to the 2002 purchase contract between Jewell  and ArcelorMittal; the amended purchase agreement retained the 2002 price term through 2007, but then replaced the price term with the disputed pricing formula for the period between 2008 and 2020. [Id. at ¶ 38.] Thus, the result of this negotiation was a pair of related contracts between Sun and ArcelorMittal—the first for the purchase of Haverhill coke and the second for the purchase of Jewell coke, allegedly at a relative discount.
The Plaintiffs present several other reasons beyond high ash content to explain the discount price of Jewell coke relative to Haverhill coke, including: (1) the Jewell coke plant is adjacent to captive mines owned and operated by a Jewell affiliate, while Haverhill must obtain its coal on the open market; (2) the Haverhill coke is priced at a premium to help recoup the expense of building the new Haverhill facility; and (3) Haverhill's operations are unionized, while Jewell's are not. [Id. at ¶¶ 17-20.]
In the narrative, the Plaintiffs also explain why the Coal Cost per Ton of Jewell coke was to be based on the Haverhill figure. Since the Jewell coke plant received its supply of coal from Sunowned captive mines, its costs of production are non-public and Sun refused to disclose these prices during negotiations. [Id. at ¶ 30.] The parties allegedly decided to use the public market rates paid by the Haverhill plant as a cost-of-production baseline, and then discount the price using the disputed Jewell multiplier to account for the lower production costs of the Jewell coke. [Id. at ¶ 30.]
The Defendant disputes this story, claiming that the Plaintiffs' description of the purpose of the multiplier is simplistic, makes little business sense, and that the underlying claim that Jewell coke was supposed to be discounted is implausible and is not supported by the evidence. [Doc. 30 at 4-7.] However, regardless of whether Jewell coke was actually supposed to be discounted under the Jewell multiplier, the Plaintiffs allege sufficient facts in their complaint to support the claim of mistake. The Plaintiffs allege, based upon the negotiations of the contract, that Jewell coke was supposed to be priced at a discount and that the final amended purchase agreement mistakenly priced Jewell coke at a premium. Thus, the Plaintiffs plead the circumstances constituting mistake with a sufficient degree of particularity to satisfy the heightened requirements of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 9(b).
III.B Claims of Mistake Barred Due to Negligence?
Jewell also says that ArcelorMittal's claims of both unilateral and mutual mistake are barred because ArcelorMittal negligently failed to earlier discover the allegedly erroneous multiplier. [Doc. 11-1 at 16.] The Defendant argues that Ohio contract law precludes a negligent party from recovering based on mistake and that the Plaintiffs fail to specifically plead that it was not negligent and that it exercised good faith and fair dealing. [Id. at 17.]
In determining whether a party's fault will bar recovery due to mistake, Ohio courts adopted the standard set forth in the Second Restatement of Contracts. See State ex rel. Walker v. Lancaster City Sch. Dist. Bd. of Educ., 79 Ohio St.3d 216, 680 N.E.2d 993, 996-97 (1997) (adopting Second Restatement standard). Under the Restatement, "[a] mistaken party's fault in failing to know or discover the facts before making the contract does not bar him from avoidance or reformation ... unless his fault amounts to a failure to act in good faith and in accordance with reasonable standards of fair dealing." Restatement (Second) of Contract § 157; see also General Tire, Inc. v. Mehlfeldt, 1999  WL 420346, at *6 (Ohio Ct.App. Jun. 23, 1999) (stating that only "gross negligence" bars rescission of a contract based on mistake); Gartrell v. Gartrell, 181 Ohio App.3d 311, 908 N.E.2d 1019, 1023 (Ohio Ct.App., 2009) (stating that "ordinary negligence" does not bar rescission of contract based on mistake); Haven House Manor, Ltd. v. Gabel, 2003 WL 22946422, at *3, 2003 Ohio App. LEXIS 6104, at *8-9 (Ohio App., Dec. 5, 2003) (remedy based on mistake not precluded unless fault amounts to a failure to act in good faith). Thus, ArcelorMittal is correct in stating that something more than ordinary negligence is required under Ohio law to bar its claims of mistake. [Doc. 23 at 21.]
Here, ArcelorMittal particularly alleges facts in their complaint that, if accepted as true, establish that they were not grossly negligent or acting in bad faith. Admittedly, the Plaintiffs will have a difficult time at trial explaining how they did not notice the allegedly inverted Jewell multiplier until such a late date. Indeed, by its discovery, the alleged mistake was repeated in a December 2003 amendment to the amended purchase agreement, a 2008 guaranty agreement, and was used to calculate the payment of several invoices. [Doc 11-1 at 17-18.]
But, for the purposes of a motion to dismiss, ArcelorMittal's claim that it did not notice the mistake, despite acting at "all relevant times in the exercise of due care," will suffice. [Id. at ¶ 44.]
ArcelorMittal says that it did not notice the allegedly inverted pricing formula in the amended purchase agreement because of the Illustration provided by the Defendant during negotiations. The Defendant supplied the Illustration to explain the disputed pricing formula. The Illustration reverses the numerator and denominator from the actual contract and ArcelorMittal claims that it relied upon this formula and did not notice the reversal of the terms in the final amended purchase agreement. [Id. at ¶ 45.] This pleading satisfies the "good faith and fair dealing" requirement under Ohio law, and the Court rejects the argument that negligence bars the Plaintiffs' claims as a matter of law.4
III.C Mutual Mistake
The Defendant says that the Plaintiffs' claim of mutual mistake must be dismissed since the Plaintiffs fail to allege a mutual mistake, and instead allege only a scrivener's error. [Doc. 11-1 at 19.] Defendants further contend that the Plaintiff's claim of a scrivener's error fails as a matter of law because the error occurred across multiple documents. [Id. at 23.] The Plaintiffs concede that they plead a scrivener's error, but state that this is a form of mutual mistake and that multiple occurrences of such mistake does not bar relief as a matter of law. [Doc. 23 at 23-26.]
"An erroneous belief as to the contents or effect of a writing that expresses [an] agreement is ... a mistake." Restatement (Second) of Contract § 151, cmt. a. It is a mistake where the parties to a contract reach an agreement, but then fail to correctly reduce that agreement to writing. Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 155, ctm. a. This type of mistake, often typographical, is generally referred to as a "scrivener's error." The First Restatement of Contracts explicitly describes this error as one of mutual mistake. Restatement  (First) of Contracts § 504; Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 155, Reporter's Note (adopting § 504 of the First Restatement).5 Ohio courts have adopted the Restatement formulation, and a scrivener's error is considered a type of mutual mistake. See Castle v. Daniels, 16 Ohio App.3d 209, 475 N.E.2d 149, 153 (1984) (describing a typographical error as a mutual mistake); Harvey v. Harvey, 91 Ohio App.3d 404, 632 N.E.2d 956, 960-61 (1993) (same); Music v. Sash & Storm, Inc., 2002 WL 468582, at *2 (Ohio Ct.App. Mar. 28, 2002) (same); Corbin on Contracts § 28.45 (describing various scrivener's errors as mutual mistakes).
Under Ohio law, a mutual mistake can be grounds for either reformation or rescission of a contract. A court may reform an instrument where, due to mutual mistake, the instrument does not express the actual intention of the parties. Castle, 475 N.E.2d at 152; Mason, 600 N.E.2d at 1125. A mutual mistake is a proper basis for rescinding a contract when the mistake relates to a material aspect of the parties' agreement. Reilley, 632 N.E.2d at 509; State ex rel. Walker, 680 N.E.2d at 996-97. However, where the mutual mistake is one of expression, as in the case of a scrivener's error, rescission is generally only appropriate where reformation will not adequately protect the interests' of the parties. Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 155, cmt. b.6
To succeed on a claim of mutual mistake, a court must find by clear and convincing evidence that the parties were mutually mistaken regarding the contents of the contract. Stewart v. Gordon, 60 Ohio St. 170, 53 N.E. 797, 798 (1899); Harvey, 632 N.E.2d at 960; Swartz, 600 N.E.2d at 1121. ArcelorMittal pleads that (1) the Haverhill Coal Cost per Ton of Coke 2007 weighted average was supposed to be in the denominator of the Jewell pricing multiplier and (2) that the multiplier was inverted during the drafting process and then subsequently recopied into a number of different documents. [Doc. 1 at ¶¶ 42-46.] Taken as true, these allegations make out a prima facie case of mutual mistake. Further, these allegations are pled with sufficient particularity to satisfy the heightened pleading requirement of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 9(b) for claims of mistake. Thus, ArcelorMittal sufficiently pleads mutual mistake and the Court denies the Defendant's motion to dismiss this claim under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6).7
III.D Unilateral Mistake
Jewell also requests that the Court dismiss the Plaintiffs' claim of unilateral  mistake under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6). Jewell says that Arcelor-Mittal fails to adequately plead the elements of unilateral mistake. Specifically Jewell argues that ArcelorMittal fails to plead facts alleging that Jewell was aware of the error. [Doc. 11-1 at 24-26.]
"A unilateral mistake occurs when one party recognizes the true effect of an agreement while the other does not." General Tire, Inc. v. Mehlfeldt, 118 Ohio App.3d 109, 691 N.E.2d 1132, 1136 (1997). A court may rescind a contract on the basis of a unilateral mistake. Ohio courts apply Section 153 of the Second Restatement of Contracts to determine whether to rescind a contract due to unilateral mistake. Faivre v. DEX Corp. Northeast, 182 Ohio App.3d 563, 913 N.E.2d 1029, 1037 (2009).8 Thus, under Ohio law, the party seeking rescission must show by clear and convincing evidence: (1) that it made a mistake at the time the contract was entered into; (2) that the mistake had a material effect on the agreed exchange of performances that was adverse to the mistaken party; and (3) that the other party knew or should have known of that mistake. Aviation Sales, Inc. v. Select Mobile Homes, 48 Ohio App.3d 90, 548 N.E.2d 307, 310 (1988) (applying Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 153); Gartrell, 908 N.E.2d at 1022.
Generally, a court will not reform a contract in the case of a unilateral mistake. Galehouse, 714 N.E.2d at 955. However, "where the mistake occurred due to a drafting error by one party and the other party knew of the error and took advantage of it, the trial court may reform the contract." Id.; Faivre, 913 N.E.2d at 1036. To reform a contract based on unilateral mistake, a plaintiff must prove mistake by clear and convincing evidence. Galehouse, 714 N.E.2d at 955.
Here, ArcelorMittal pleads the elements of unilateral mistake with a sufficient degree of particularity. First, ArcelorMittal pleads that the Haverhill Coal Cost per Ton of Coke 2007 weighted average was supposed to be in the denominator of the Jewell pricing multiplier but that the multiplier was accidentally inverted during the drafting process. [Doc. 1 at ¶¶ 42-46, 68-69.] Second, ArcelorMittal pleads that the inversion resulted in a significant overpayment for Jewell coke, which potentially could result in over $1 billion in overpayments over the full term of the contract. [Id. at ¶ 56.] If true, this is undoubtedly a material mistake. Finally, ArcelorMittal alleges that the Defendant knew or should have known of the error. The Plaintiffs allege that the Defendant drafted the contract, provided an Illustration with the pricing multiplier in an inverted position, engaged in negotiations where the discounted price was discussed and agreed upon, and then later accepted the steeply inflated payments. [Id. at ¶¶ 21, 26, 32, 41-46, 55-58.] These allegations, if taken as true, would prove unilateral mistake under Ohio law and would justify either reformation or rescission of the contract. The allegations also satisfy the heightened pleading requirement of Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 9(b) for claims of mistake. Thus, the Court denies the Defendant's motion to  dismiss this claim under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6).9
III.E Unjust Enrichment and Restitution
The Defendant also requests that this Court dismiss the Plaintiffs' claim for unjust enrichment (Count II) because Ohio law does not allow recovery under an unjust enrichment theory where an express contract covers the same subject matter. [Doc. 11-1 at 27.] The Defendant says because the Jewell multiplier is an express contractual term on point that a claim of unjust enrichment is barred as a matter of law. [Id.]
Although Ohio law does not permit recovery under a theory of unjust enrichment where an express contract governs, Randolph v. New England Mut. Life Ins., 526 F.2d 1383, 1387 (6th Cir.1975), Ohio law does allow a party to plead unjust enrichment in the alternative when the validity of the contract is in dispute. Resource Title Agency, Inc. v. Morreale Real Estate Services, Inc., 314 F.Supp.2d 763, 772 (N.D.Ohio 2004) (stating that under Ohio law unjust enrichment may be pled in the alternative where the contract is in dispute); Cheers Sports Bar & Grill v. DIRECTV, Inc., 563 F.Supp.2d 812, 819 (N.D.Ohio 2008) (same). Thus, since the validity of the amended purchase agreement is in dispute, ArcelorMittal may validly plead unjust enrichment.
To succeed on a claim for unjust enrichment, a plaintiff must prove (1) that a benefit was conferred by the plaintiff on the defendant; (2) the defendant's knowledge of the benefit; and (3) the improper retention of the benefit. Cheers, 563 F.Supp.2d at 819 (citing Metz v. Am. Elec. Power Co., 172 Ohio App.3d 800, 877 N.E.2d 316 (2007)). ArcelorMittal says (1) that payments were made under the allegedly erroneous pricing formula, resulting in a $100 million overpayment; (2) that Jewell had reason to know of the error since it inserted the mistake into the amended purchase agreement; and (3) that Jewell retained the overpayments. [Doc. 1 at ¶¶ 55, 69.] Taken as true, these allegations make out a prima facie case of unjust enrichment. Accordingly, Arcelor-Mittal sufficiently pleads a claim for unjust enrichment and the Court denies the Defendant's motion to dismiss this claim under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 12(b)(6).
IV. Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons, the Court DENIES the Defendant's motion to dismiss.
IT IS SO ORDERED.


FootNotes 
1. In December 2003, the parties amended the coke purchase agreement again. This final amended agreement made minor changes to the amended purchase agreement and also contains the disputed coke pricing formula. [Doc. 11-1 at 23.]

2. The actual formula for the Jewell multiplier in the amended purchase agreement is "[t]he weighted average [of the] `Coal Cost per Ton of Coke' from January 1, 2007 through December 1, 2007, as determined in accordance with the Haverhill Agreement ÷ (the Initial Coke Price in effect as of December 31, 2007—[Fixed Cost per Ton of Coke + Variable Cost per Ton of Coke])." [Doc. 11-1 at 5.]

3. As a math refresher, the numerator of a fraction is the upper portion and the denominator is the bottom portion. Thus, in the fraction 3/4, the three is the numerator and the four is the denominator.

4. The Court also rejects the Defendant's argument that ArcelorMittal should be equitably barred from bringing its mistake claims due to unreasonable delay in bringing suit. [Doc. 11-1 at 19.] The claims of mutual and unilateral mistake were brought within the applicable statute of limitations and a determination of whether the delay was reasonable is a factual matter not yet ripe for determination. Ohio Revised Code §§ 2305.06, 2305.14.

5. "§ 504. Reformation For Mutual Mistake: Except as stated in §§ 506 and 509-511, where both parties have an identical intention as to the terms to be embodied in a proposed written conveyance, assignment, contract or discharge, and a writing executed by them is materially at variance with that intention, either party can get a decree that the writing shall be reformed so that it shall express the intention of the parties, if innocent third persons will not be unfairly affected thereby." Restatement (First) of Contracts § 504.

6. It is not necessary for the Court to decide at this juncture whether reformation or rescission would be most appropriate.

7. Jewell argues that where a scrivener's error is repeated across multiple documents that the claim must be dismissed as a matter of law. However, there is no rule precluding a suit based on mistake where the error is repetitious in nature. The only support for this point cited by the Defendant is an Ohio Appellate decision affirming a trial court's ruling that a scrivener's error is unlikely to be replicated in three different deeds. See Zwaryz v. Wiley, 1999 WL 689940, at *3 (Ohio Ct.App. Aug. 20, 1999). Although an error is more likely to occur in a single document, it does not preclude ArcelorMittal from pleading a repeated scrivener's error.

8. "§ 153. When Mistake Of One Party Makes A Contract Voidable: Where a mistake of one party at the time a contract was made as to a basic assumption on which he made the contract has a material effect on the agreed exchange of performances that is adverse to him, the contract is voidable by him if he does not bear the risk of the mistake under the rule stated in § 154, and (a) the effect of the mistake is such that enforcement of the contract would be unconscionable, or (b) the other party had reason to know of the mistake or his fault caused the mistake." Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 153.

9. The Defendant also argues that the claim of unilateral mistake should be dismissed since the Plaintiffs fail to "show that Jewell bore the risk of such mistake." [Doc. 11-1 at 26.] However, this argument misstates the law of unilateral mistake. Under the Second Restatement of Contracts, a party who bears the risk of mistake is barred from recovering for unilateral mistake. Restatement (Second) of Contracts § 153. Ohio courts have applied this exception as an affirmative defense to a claim of mistake. See Mehlfeldt, 1999 WL 420346, at *4; In re Simonin, 360 B.R. 627, 631 (Bankr.N.D.Ohio 2006). Thus, since burden of risk is an affirmative defense, it is not necessary for ArcelorMittal to plead who bore the risk of mistake.






Comment



Your Name



Your Email



Comments

1000 Characters Remaining




Leagle.com reserves the right to edit or remove comments but is under no obligation to do so, or to explain individual moderation decisions. 

User Comments









Reply | Flag as Offensive









Listed below are the cases that are cited in this Featured Case. Click the citation to see the full text of the cited case. Citations are also linked in the body of the Featured Case. 
Cited Cases 

No Cases Found





Listed below are those cases in which this Featured Case is cited. Click on the case name to see the full text of the citing case.
Citing Cases 












 







Copyright © 2017, Leagle, Inc.



Disclaimer
 Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
About Us
Contact Us















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:06 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Jewell Resources Corporation.


1011 Warrenville RoadSuite 600Lisle, IL 60532United States



Phone: 630-824-1000








Key Executives for Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc.


Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 102 Oil Wells in East Texas Field United States 11 Good Energy, Inc. United States 1280 Horizons, LLC United States 1347 Energy Holdings LLC United States 15 Fields in Williston Basin United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jewell Coal And Coke Company, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Jewell Coke Company, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:06 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Jewell Coke Company, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Jewell Coke Company, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Jewell Resources Corporation.


1011 Warrenville RoadSuite 600Lisle, IL 60532United States



Phone: 630-824-1000








Key Executives for Jewell Coke Company, L.P.




Mr. Frederick A. Henderson


      	Chairman of Suncoke Energy Inc and Chief Executive Officer of Suncoke Energy Inc
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Michael J. Thomson


      	President of Suncoke Energy Inc and Chief Operating Officer of Suncoke Energy Inc
      


Age: 59
        







Ms. Denise R. Cade


      	SVP, General Counsel & Corporate Secretary of Suncoke Energy Inc
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Matthew J. McGrath


      	Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Business Development of Suncoke Energy
      


Age: 54
        







Ms. Fay West


      	Controller of Suncoke Energy and Vice President of Suncoke Energy
      


Age: 48
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 102 Oil Wells in East Texas Field United States 11 Good Energy, Inc. United States 1280 Horizons, LLC United States 1347 Energy Holdings LLC United States 15 Fields in Williston Basin United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Jewell Coke Company, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









