    JF Asset Management Ltd | ZoomInfo.com


JF Asset Management

























 




















Home




 
 Financial Services
 


 



 


 

Providing personal financial services since 1976

 


 

Need help with Self-directed Retirement Accounts?Since 1974 and the ERISA act, anyone with qualified retirement accounts, can self-direct.
Read more…

 



  
(503) 799-1740



 










 Recent Posts 

Part 4 – SoloK


Part 3 – Custodians


Part 2 – Cans & Can’ts


Part 1 – History & Choices


 Recent CommentsCategories 
Finance






















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			


 

Liquidity Investment Solutions
                         

                            We offer Luxembourg domiciled money market funds denominated in USD, GBP, EUR, SGD and AUD, which are suitable for a wide range of non-U.S. based investors, along with short-term fixed income funds and separately managed accounts. 
                            

Explore Our Funds


View Daily & Weekly Liquid Assets Report  
View Daily Market-Based NAV Report  
View Historical Daily and Weekly Liquid Assets and Market-Based NAVs  


 






Our Funds

Liquidity Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more. 
                            

View our Liquidity Funds  




Fixed Income Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more.
                            

View our Fixed Income Funds  




 

 J.P. Morgan Managed Reserves Strategy 
Our Managed Reserves strategy provides a compelling cash management strategy for liquidity investors with longer investment horizons who are looking for additional returns above AAA-rated liquidity funds while carefully managing risk.Learn More  


Separately Managed Accounts
For clients who require a customized portfolio, our separately managed accounts allow clients to define their own parameters for security, returns and liquidity based upon their risk tolerance and cash flow needs.Learn More  




Product Spotlight





JF Asset Management Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback









































jf asset management ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
JF Asset Management Ltd operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. JF Asset Management serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

8 Connaught Road
27th Floor, Chater House
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
1-852-2800-1000


Fax:
-


Web url:
am.jpmorgan.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Michael Lees


Executive Director




Rukhshad Tehmton Shroff


Managing Director







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




























		
			
				
				
				
				Home -
			
		
		J.P. Morgan Institutional Asset Management
	
























Skip Nav




 Welcome to Institutional Asset
			Management | 







	Contact Us
Client Reporting















 




print






Previous :
Next :







Ideas & Strategies



FEATURED SERIES 






 
	Featured Video




Eye on the Market: Annual Energy Edition 2017 


12 Jun 2017 
                           	
                           		
                           			/ 3:18 





 Michael Cembalest





	Featured Publication













close
You are about to leave the J.P. Morgan Institutional Asset Management site

	 Please click below to continue or select the exit option on the right to remain on this site.

Continue



close

 Email This Page 

* = Fields are required.
Your Information







				
					
						
						
							Email	
						
					
					
				


Please enter a valid email address


Recipient's Information


				
					
						
						
							Email	
						
					
					*



Please enter  valid email address




				
					
						
						
							Comments	
						
					
					
				





Send

Note: J.P. Morgan will not use information collected here for marketing or promotional purposes beyond the scope of this request


Thank you for sharing
Your email has been sent. We appreciate you taking the time to share our website.
View more Insights



close
Copy & Paste Page Link
Copy the link below to bookmark or share this page.




Copy Link



close

			Change Site
		


J.P. Morgan Home 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 

	J.P. Morgan Global Liquidity

J.P. Morgan Regional Sites 




close

					SELECT YOUR COUNTRY
				
(All sites are in English)


ASIA PACIFIC


EUROPE


NORTH AMERICA 





 Australia 
 Hong Kong 
 Korea 
 Singapore 
 Taiwan 




 Austria 
 Belgium 
 Denmark 
 Finland 
 France 
 Germany 
 Greece 
 Hungary 
 Ireland 
 Italy 




 Luxembourg 
 Netherlands 
 Norway 
 Portugal 
 Romania 
 Spain 
 Sweden 
 Switzerland 
 United Kingdom 




 Canada 
 United States 



For countries not shown above, please close the window to exit the site.







View Full Profile


 years withJ.P. Morgan
  yearsExperience














JF Asset Management Limited | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report


















JF Asset Management LimitedCompany Information

21/F Chater HseCentral District, Hong Kong,  Hong Kong+852-28002800 †



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

JF Asset Management Limited Company Profile
Investment advice
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional JF Asset Management Limited Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Central District, Hong Kong, Hong Kong
Financial Planners & Investment Advisers







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























JF Asset Management Limited | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Financial Planners & Investment Advisers Industry Report















JF Asset Management Limited Revenue and Financial Data
Investment advice







Financials Information for JF Asset Management Limited

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$263.65


Gross Profit
$0.0


Operating Income
$0.0


Net Income
$46.777


Diluted EPS
$0.0










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$312.46


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating







 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started







































J.P. Morgan Asset Management




















 About Us  / Contact Us  / Site Map  / Home  



















Our Fund Range




Fund Managers




Our Distributors















Recognised Scheme Daily Prices




Restricted Foreign Scheme Daily Prices




Recognised Scheme Performance




Historical Prices




Fund Awards




Fund Ratings















Weekly Market Commentary




News & Views




JPM Investor Confidence Index




J.P. Morgan Fund-cast















Highlight




Guide to the Markets




Timely Research




Quarterly Investment Review















About Mutual Funds




Investment Glossary















Forms & Literature




About Us




Contact Us




Subscribe eNews




Corporate Governance












29 Jul 2017










Recognised Scheme Daily PricesRestricted Foreign Scheme Daily PricesHistorical PricesFund ReportsForms & Literature

 Our Distributors


sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_A_Text Highlights_DFT
L00P30_A_Text Highlights_DFT



sgec/en/L00_Home/ICI_Banner
ICI_Banner








More..









sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_C_Fund Ratings_DFT
L00P30_C_Fund Ratings_DFT





Reference Links


J.P. Morgan Asset ManagementJ.P. Morgan 
JPMorgan Chase




sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Other JF Asset Management related sites_DFT
L00P30_Other JF Asset Management related sites_DFT






Spotlight

























sgec/en/L03_Our Views/L03P20_News and Views/L00P30_E_News and Views_HomePage_DFT
L00P30_E_News and Views_HomePage_DFT










More..


















 













 

















 



sgec/en/L03_Our Views/Fundcasts/FundCastVideo_DFT
FundCastVideo_DFT










More..





News release - J.P. Morgan Asset Management 3Q market outlook

Jul 2017


JPMorgan_Funds_ASEAN_Equity_Fund

Jun 2017
 



sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P31_Announcement/L00P30_F_Announcement_HomePage_DFT
L00P30_F_Announcement_HomePage_DFT
















Asia


Japan


US


Europe


Emerging Market


Bond & Currency





















JPMorgan Emerging Markets Dividend Fund



 



JPMorgan Asia Pacific Income Fund



 



JPMorgan Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund



 



JPMorgan Global Income Fund



 



JPMorgan US Aggregate Bond Fund



 








sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Fund Highlights/L00P30_I_Fund Highlights_DFT
L00P30_I_Fund Highlights_DFT















 

sgec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Promotion Banner/L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT
L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT








     * Image courtesy of Singapore Tourism Board 
sgec/en/L0X_Remark/CNT_Remark_L00P30
L00P30_Home_Remark





sgec/en/L0X_Disclaimer/CNT_Disclaimer_L00P30
L00P30_Home_Disclaimer








 The information contained in this website does not constitute an offer to buy or sell any fund or security. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance and investors may not get back the full or any of the amount invested. Investments in emerging markets, smaller companies and derivative instruments may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Investors should read carefully the relevant offering documents, including the risk factors set out therein, and the product highlights sheets (where applicable) for details before making any investment decisions. Issued by JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited. 
  
 JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. (Co. Reg. No. 197601586K)
  
 This site is optimised for viewing with screen resolution 1024 x 768. Download
  Acrobat Reader and
  Adobe Flash Player to view documents and charts in this site.


Privacy Statement
 |
  
Terms of Use

 Copyright 2017 JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited. All rights reserved.



 













Mutual Fund Investment | J.P. Morgan Asset Management











































Individual Investors


Financial Advisers










Australia
India
Japan
Korea
Singapore
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Rest of the world










中文






Investors may be subject to substantial losses or losing the entire investment. The investment decision is yours. You should not invest unless the intermediary who sells you the Fund has advised you that it is suitable for you and has explained how it is consistent with your investment objectives. Please refer to the Offering Document(s) for details.
Acceptance of the Terms of Use and Amendments 
You must read the following information before proceeding. It provides information on some of the laws and regulations applicable to this website. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you acknowledge that you have read the following information and accept the terms and conditions set out below and on the relevant pages of this website, and agree to be bound by such terms and conditions. If you do not agree to such terms and conditions below, do not access this website, or any pages thereof. 
These Terms of Use are in addition to any other agreements between you and JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited (“we” or “us”), including any customer or account agreements, and any other agreements that govern your use of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's products, services, content, tools, and information available on this website. 
Your use of this website is governed by the version of the Terms of Use in effect on the date this website is accessed by you. The information contained in this website is current as at the date of publication but we reserve the right to change the website and the Terms of Use at any time without notice. If you use the website after the amended Terms of Use have been published, you will be deemed to have agreed to the Terms of Use, as amended. 
Additional Terms
Certain sections or pages on this website may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages. 
Issuer of Website 
The information contained herein is issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC"), which has authorised the funds mentioned herein (except those specifically referred to as funds which have not been authorised by the SFC). However, the SFC takes no responsibility for the soundness of the authorised unit trusts or mutual funds and does not imply that investment in them is recommended by the SFC. 
Authorised Users, Authorised Use and Online Account Access
Authorised Users 
None of the funds mentioned herein have been approved for sale or purchase by any authority outside Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (“Hong Kong”). This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. It is the responsibility of any persons who access the information contained herein to observe all applicable laws and regulations of their relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information. 
Authorised Use - No solicitations 
The information contained in this website does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction outside Hong Kong. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States of America, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea and India, to or for the benefit of United States persons (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organised under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof) and persons of any of the aforesaid countries. Further, such information is not directed or targeted at persons in Singapore and may not be acted upon by persons in Singapore. 
Authorised Use - No investment recommendations or professional advice 
The information contained in this website does not constitute investment advice. An investment in funds mentioned in this website may not be suitable for all investors and if you are unclear about any of the information on this website, please consult your stock broker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser. 
While certain tools available on the website may provide general investment or financial analyses based upon your personalised input, such results are not to be construed as our providing investment recommendations or advice. Unless otherwise agreed by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited in writing, you alone are solely responsible for your investment decisions based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. 
Online Account Access 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may grant you access to dealing facilities for use on this website (the “Site”) and other dealing facilities, such as telephone systems, personal data assistance devices and interactive response systems, that may be provided by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited from time to time (the Site and any such other dealing facilities together the “Dealing Facilities” and individually a “Dealing Facility”). 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may issue you with a client identification number (“CIN”), personal identification number (“PIN”) and/or any other identification (“ID”) from time to time in order for you to access certain parts of this website or to use any other Dealing Facility. You are responsible for safeguarding any such CIN, PIN and/or ID. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall be entitled to assume that any person accessing such parts of the website or using any such other Dealing Facility with that CIN, PIN or ID is either yourself or someone authorised to act on behalf of you. 
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities occurring under your account or password that are due to your conduct, inaction, or negligence. If you disclose your account numbers, CINs, PINs, IDs, and/or passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords, or other means to access your accounts, you are responsible for any transactions and activities performed from your accounts and for any use of your personal and account information by such person(s) or entity. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords without your permission, or that any other unauthorised use or security breach, loss or theft has occurred, you agree to immediately notify us. Prohibited Uses, Means of Access and Password Protected Areas 
Prohibited Uses Because all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people, you may not use the website in any manner that would damage or overburden any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server, or any network connected to any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server. You may not use the website in any manner that would interfere with any other party's use of the website. 
Means of Access 
This site is optimised for viewing with Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 6.0 SP1 or above) or Netscape Navigator (version 4.76 or above). Recommended screen resolution is 1024 x 768. Although you may use other means to access the website, be aware that the website may not appear accurately through other access methods, and you use them only at your own risk. You are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browsers to ensure that you are receiving the most recent data. Password Protected Areas 
In relation to accessing any password protected and/or any secure areas including access to any trade documentation relating to any dealing facilities utilised by you ("Trade Documentation"), you acknowledge and accept that (i) you may incur additional charges for utilising such service to access your Trade Documentation, (ii) we may notify you only through electronic means in respect of any of your dealing activities and the availability of your Trade Documentation and you shall be responsible for checking your designated electronic mailbox regularly for any such notice; (iii) you will be responsible for notifying us should you elect to no longer utilise any access to any password protected and/or any secure areas or receive electronic access to your Trade Documentation, and (iv) where your Trade Documentation is no longer available for electronic access, you may incur additional charges if hardcopies of such Trade Documentation is requested. 
Content and Downloading Disclaimers JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited believes that the information contained on the website is accurate as at the date of publication, however no warranty is made as to the accuracy, suitability, usefulness, reliability or completeness of any such information and no liability in respect of any errors or omissions (including any third party liability) is accepted by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates or any director or employee of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. The use of this website or any other Dealing Facility or any CIN or PIN, and the delivery (“Delivery”) of information or documents by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its agents through this website or any other Dealing Facility or via electronic mail or other modes of delivery, is at your own risk. No warranty is given that the content of this website and the Delivery (including any such information) will be error free or that this website or any servers that operate it or the Delivery are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. 
Reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure that website content, including account information and pricing data, are complete and accurate. However, due to the nature of information delivery technology and the necessity of using multiple data sources, including third party content, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is unable to assure the accuracy of the data you access through this website. Website content is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or other reasons. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has no duty to update this website or any website content. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages arising from any actions or investment decisions taken by you based on the accuracy (or otherwise) of the data presented through this website. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates and their directors and employees may or may not have a position in or with respect to the securities mentioned herein. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not warrant that the any downloads from this website will meet your needs or expectations, or be uninterrupted, secure or error free or that any files available for downloading through this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. You alone are responsible for ensuring adequate protection and backup of data, software, computer and other equipment is made and appropriate safeguard is in place to detect, prevent and eliminate computer viruses and other harmful effects. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates will not be responsible for any costs or expenses which may be incurred if your use of this website or the Delivery or downloads results in any servicing or replacement of property, material, equipment or data. 
Third Party Content Providers, Sites, Referrals, Hyperlink Policy and Disclaimers 
For informational or educational purposes, or as a service and convenience to you, this website may provide referral information, third party content or live links to a regulatory agency, non-profit organisation, or other unaffiliated third party and their websites, including companies that have a relationship with JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. Our decision to provide referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party vendor or to provide a link from our website to a third party website is not an endorsement of the third party, their products or services, or their website accessed through any such links. We are not responsible for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered at such sites. While we would generally only provide such information from, or links to, sources considered reliable, we do not conduct independent investigations and accordingly we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to third party products, services, content, tools, information and website, and do not guarantee their accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability, suitability or usefulness for any particular purpose as we have no control over the content on such non JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited websites. We advise and encourage you to do your own research and make your own assessment. 
Although third party content may be displayed, framed-in or provided in a pop-up box on the website, or available through a live link from our website to a third party website, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not prepare, edit, guarantee or endorse, approve, recommend or introduce any third party content. By clicking on a link from our website to any third party website, you will leave this website (even if, for your convenience, a second browser window is opened). When viewing third party content through such a link, keep in mind that the third party's website terms and conditions, privacy and security policies, or other legal information may be different from those of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited website. We are not liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues, consequences, or damages arising from your use of any third party website or information provided by third party. We do not warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Your access, use and reliance upon such content, products or services is at your own risk. 
Limitation of Liability on System and Transmission over the Internet
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not liable for any event of Force Majeure, any virus or other harmful component affecting the website or any server that operates it, any interception of data or communications in connection with the public nature of the internet, any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software failure of any email or entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website, or any combination thereof, including any loss of opportunities or profit arising from any time delay, system disruption or interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission or any incorrect data transmission, or any injury or damage to the computer or other electronic devices or property of any person accessing their website or any other person related to or resulting from accessing the websites or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for any and all losses, injury (including special, indirect and consequential losses), damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind resulting from accessing or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party, including without limitation, personal injuries, death and property damage. 
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR WHERE THE LAW REQUIRES A DIFFERENT STANDARD, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SYSTEM, EQUIPMENT, BROWSER AND/OR THE INSTALLATION OR MAINTENANCE THEREOF, ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT, THE INTERNET, THE SYSTEM, OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS, BUGS, ERRORS, CONFIGURATION PROBLEMS OR INCOMPATIBILITY OF COMPUTER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET, OR THE SYSTEM, FAILURE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INTERNET ACCESS, PROBLEMS WITH INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, PROBLEMS OR DELAYS WITH INTERMEDIATE COMPUTER OR COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR FACILITIES, PROBLEMS WITH DATA TRANSMISSION FACILITIES OR ANY OTHER PROBLEMS YOU EXPERIENCE DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL. 
Offering Documents and Investment RisksUnits or shares in funds mentioned on this website may only be bought and sold on the terms set out in the relevant explanatory memorandum or Hong Kong offering document, as applicable. Investments in emerging markets and smaller companies may involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Past performance is not a guide to future returns and investors should be aware that the value of units or shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and they may not get back the full amount invested. Exchange rates may also cause the value of the underlying overseas investments to go up or down. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the legal and tax implications of making an investment in, holding or disposing of any securities mentioned herein and the receipt of distributions with respect to such a fund. 
Copyright, Trademark, Logo, Patent, Intellectual and Other Property Rights
All copyright, trademark, logo, patent, intellectual and other property rights in the information contained herein is owned by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. No rights of any kind are licensed or assigned or shall otherwise pass to persons accessing such information. Under no circumstances should information contained herein or any part of it be copied, reproduced or redistributed without JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's express written consent. 
You acknowledge that content on the Site or otherwise available from JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited through any other Dealing Facility (“Content”) is subject to copyright and possibly other intellectual property rights (“IPRs”). Unless expressly permitted by law, the applicant shall not, and shall not permit any other person to, sell, modify, copy, reproduce, distribute, display or publish any Content which the applicant does not own or hold under licence or otherwise infringe the IPRs of any person in using the Site or any other Dealing Facility or any Content. 
The website or any other Dealing Facility may contain Content posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you and/or, in the case of the website, by other users of the website (“User Content”). JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has the right to access and examine any User Content and may in its absolute discretion move, remove or disable access to User Content or cause the same to be done. You grant JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, incorporate in other works, distribute and display any information posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you, in whole or in part. Computer Equipment, Browser Access and Internet Services
You are responsible for obtaining, installing, maintaining and operating all software, hardware or other equipment (collectively, "System") necessary for you to access and use this website including specifically any password protected and/or secure areas. This responsibility includes, without limitation, your utilising up to date web-browsers and the best commercially available encryption, antivirus, anti-spyware, and internet security software. You are additionally responsible for obtaining Internet services via the Internet service provider of your choice, for any and all fees imposed by such Internet service provider and any associated communications service provider charges. You acknowledge that there are certain security, corruption, transmission error, and access availability risks associated with using open networks such as the Internet and electronic communication, you hereby expressly assume such risks, including, but not limited to those we may disclose in our materials. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the data security of the Systems used to access this website, and for the transmission and receipt of information using such Systems. You acknowledge that you have requested access to the website for your convenience, have made your own independent assessment of the adequacy of the Internet and Systems and that you are satisfied with that assessment. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is not responsible for any errors or problems that arise from the malfunction or failure of the Internet or your Systems nor are we responsible for notifying you of any upgrades, fixes, or enhancements to, or for providing technical or other support for your Systems. Although we may provide a link to a third party site where you may download software, we make no endorsement of any specific software, hardware or Internet Service Provider and your use of any such software, hardware or service may also be subject to the license or other agreements of that provider, in addition to these Terms of Use. 
Indemnification
As a condition of your use of this website, you agree to make JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and its third party providers whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from any use of this website or your violation of these Terms of Use. Governing Law 
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Hong Kong. 
You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations by any governmental authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of this website. These Terms of Use inures to the benefit of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, its successors and assigns. You may not assign these Terms of Use. No waiver to these Terms of Use shall be effective unless agreed in writing by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. 
Languages 
In case of discrepancies between the English and other language versions of these Terms of Use and content of this website, the English version shall prevail. 
Click the "Accept" button below if you have read,understood and agree to abide by the Terms of Use, otherwise, please click "Decline" to leave the website.






Accept
Decline




By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. The advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.Privacy Statement|Terms of Use|Website SecurityCopyright 2015 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.






Financial Advisers 


Open Account 
	
		
		 / About Us 
	
		
		 / Contact Us 
	
		
		 / Home 






      

 | 






Funds

Fund Highlights
Fund Centre
Fund Managers





Fund Performance

Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings





Our Views

J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index





Start Investment

How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide





Financial Planning

eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator





Retirement Services

ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre





Resource Library

Event Calendar
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms and Literatures










29 Jul 2017


















Daily Fund Prices
Fund Performance
Historical Fund Prices
Selected Portfolios
Fund Report
Useful Forms
















eRegistration











 



Reference Links


J.P. Morgan Asset Management
J.P. Morgan 


Download Acrobat Reader and Adobe Flash Player to view documents and charts in this site.








Spotlight



























News & View




					More..
				











					Market Bulletin - Monthly Market Review – July
				

			We are pleased to release this month’s market review, a summary of the factors driving global markets over the last month.
			





					Market Bulletin - Investing in a Rising Rate Environment
				

			This paper, written by Alexander Dryden, discusses the implications of the Fed raising interest rates over the next two years, the reduction in the balance sheet and how investors can prepare.
			









J.P. Morgan Fund-cast


More..































































Announcement

More..




Announcement of China International Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CIFM”) on Change in Senior Management

		  
		  Jul 2017


Notice to Investors of CIFM China Multi-Assets Fund, CIFM China Emerging Power Fund and CIFM China Sector Rotation Fund

		  
		  Jul 2017












Top 5 funds


More..








JPMorgan Pacific Technology (acc) - USD



			
			43.9%
			




JPM US Technology A (dist) - USD



			
			39.4%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - RMB (hedged)



			
			36.2%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - USD



			
			33.4%
			




JPM Europe Technology A (dist) - EUR



			
			33.1%
			





Please refer to Minimum Performance Information.



































 

hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Promotion Banner/L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT
L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT




hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT
L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT



















Show site index
Open Account  About Us  Contact Us






Funds
Fund HighlightsFund CentreFund Managers

Fund Performance
Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings

Our Views
J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index

Start Investment
How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide

Financial Planning
eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator

Retirement Services
ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre

Resource Library
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms & Literatures








By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. This website and the advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. This website has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ("SFC"), with the exception of material relating to the JPMorgan Provident Plan that the SFC has pre-approved.
Privacy Statement|Terms of UseCopyright 2017 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.


















 







