

























Anant Jhingran | HuffPost






























Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close












Anant Jhingran




Chief Technology Officer @ Apigee




Anant Jhingran is CTO of Apigee, where he leads product strategy and development at the company. He joined Apigee from IBM, where he was vice president and CTO for the company's Information Management Division. He also co-chaired the IBM Cloud Computing Architecture Board. At IBM, Jhingran was responsible for the technical strategy for databases, information integration, analytics and big data, and helped deliver IBM's platform-as-a-service (PaaS) capabilities. He has been honored with numerous awards including IBM Fellow, IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, President's Gold Medal at IIT Delhi, IBM Academy of Technology, and Anant has authored over a dozen patents and over 20 technical papers. Anant received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. Reach him @jhingran.



































































































Anant Jhingran | HuffPost






























Tap here to turn on desktop notifications to get the news sent straight to you.


























EDITION
US











Arabi


Australia


Brasil


Canada


Deutschland


España


France


Greece


India




Italia


Japan


Korea


Maghreb


México


Québec


South Africa


United Kingdom


United States











Close












Anant Jhingran




Chief Technology Officer @ Apigee




Anant Jhingran is CTO of Apigee, where he leads product strategy and development at the company. He joined Apigee from IBM, where he was vice president and CTO for the company's Information Management Division. He also co-chaired the IBM Cloud Computing Architecture Board. At IBM, Jhingran was responsible for the technical strategy for databases, information integration, analytics and big data, and helped deliver IBM's platform-as-a-service (PaaS) capabilities. He has been honored with numerous awards including IBM Fellow, IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, President's Gold Medal at IIT Delhi, IBM Academy of Technology, and Anant has authored over a dozen patents and over 20 technical papers. Anant received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley. Reach him @jhingran.

































































































Speaker: Anant Jhingran: Web 2.0 Expo San Francisco 2008 - Co-produced by TechWeb & O'Reilly Conferences, 04/22/2008 - 04/25/2008,San Francisco, CA

























Sponsors

Diamond Sponsors
Platinum Sponsors
Gold Sponsors
Silver Sponsors
Launch Pad Sponsors
Media Sponsors
Sponsor & Exhibitor Opportunities 
Vicki Sanders
415-947-6107
vsanders@techweb.com
Media Sponsor Opportunities
Liliana Arancibia
415-947-6179
larancibia@cmp.com
Press/Media Inquiries
confpr@oreilly.com
or
Natalia Wodecki
415-947-6762
NWodecki@cmp.com
Contact Us
View a complete list of Web 2.0 Expo contacts.








 

Sitemap - JavaScript is required to display DHTML Menu

 






Anant Jhingran
			VP, Data, Apigee, Apigee




Website

Dr. Anant Jhingran is VP of Data & Analytics at Apigee, helping drive that business. Previously, he was an IBM Fellow, VP and CTO for IBM’s Information Management Division. In that role, he was deeply involved in the IBM’s middleware in the cloud (including co-chairmanship of IBM’s Cloud Computing Architecture Board), and for the technical strategy of products and solutions in databases, content management, business intelligence and information integration. Prior to that job, Dr. Jhingran lead the IBM team designing and building solutions to meet the requirements of business analytics on structured and unstructured data. He has also been the director of Computer Science at the IBM Almaden Research Center and before that, senior manager for e-Commerce and data management at IBM’s T. J. Watson Research Center. He received his Ph.D. from UC at Berkeley in 1990. Anant has received IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, IBM Corporate Awards, over a dozen patents, and has authored over 20 technical papers.

Sessions


3:50pm–4:40pm
Thursday, 04/24/2008


Creativity vs. Control: The Debate Continues—Can Enterprises Have Both? 



Fundamentals

Location: 2010




Level: Intermediate


Anant Jhingran (Apigee), 
	
		Stephen O'Grady (Redmonk), 
	
		Lauren Cooney (IBM)
	



    



    







        
            Creativity is at the heart of Web 2.0, but there is much debate recently within enterprise organizations: can there be creativity with control in the enterprise? How? And what do you think? 
        
	
	
Read more.
	





 






















 



HOME  |  
TECHWEB  |  
O'REILLY MEDIA  |  
O'REILLY CONFERENCES |  
PRIVACY POLICY |  
SITEMAP |  
CONTACT US





					Co-produced by TechWeb and O'Reilly Media, Inc.
					©2008 TechWeb and O'Reilly Media, Inc.
                                        (707) 827-7000 / (800) 998-9938
conf-webmaster@oreilly.com
                    Event Software Powered by Expectnation













			WEB 2.0 EXPO LOCATIONS:  
SAN FRANCISCO  •  
NEW YORK  •  
EUROPE    |    
WEB 2.0 SUMMIT - 






























Anant Jhingran | Apigee Corp | Email @apigee.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Anant Jhingran

 Apigee Corp  Products


Updated On : 
                    Nov 15, 2016                            

export

















10 South Almaden Blvd

San Jose, CA 95110


Email format for @apigee.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
50 - 100 Million

Industry:  
                        Software->SaaS                    
SIC Code:  
                         7372  - Prepackaged Software








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Apigee Corp's Products is where Anant Jhingran is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Chet Kapoor. They are based in San Jose, CA, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Saas industry. Anant Jhingran's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Apigee Corp email addresses on Lead411 with the @apigee.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Anant Jhingran are AJhingran@apigee.com, Anant.Jhingran@apigee.com, Anant@apigee.com, and Anant_Jhingran@apigee.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@apigee.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Anant Jain - Technology
Their QA Engineer is Anant Jain. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other investment firms industry. If you're checking for InvestCloud Inc email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @investcloud.com email addresses and possibly Anant Jain's email. InvestCloud Inc is based in West Hollywood, CA. You can also get Anant Jain's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Other investment firms category.  Some possible email formats for Anant Jain are AJain@investcloud.com, Anant.Jain@investcloud.com, Anant@investcloud.com, and Anant_Jain@investcloud.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@investcloud.com addresses.
Anant Jain - Technology
Located in Sunnyvale, CA Valin Corporation has Anant Jain serving as the organization's Mechanical / Application Engineer. Need Anant Jain's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Valin Corporation Lead411 profile, along with their Valin Corporation email addresses using the domain. Search for Valin Corporation on Lead411 under the Industrial equip industry.  Some possible email formats for Anant Jain are AJain@valin.com, Anant.Jain@valin.com, Anant@valin.com, and Anant_Jain@valin.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@valin.com addresses.
Anant Jain - Technology
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Anant Jain?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Intertek email addresses within the @intertek.com profile so Anant Jain's email could be included.  Anant Jain is part of the Intertek which has its main offices in Chickasaw, AL.  Currently holds the post of Project Engineer.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Other biz services industry.  Some possible email formats for Anant Jain are AJain@intertek.com, Anant.Jain@intertek.com, Anant@intertek.com, and Anant_Jain@intertek.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@intertek.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Chris Novak - Technology
Trying to find Chris Novak's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Apigee Corp's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @apigee.com contact information.  Apigee Corp is an organization centered in San Jose, CA, which you can find on Lead411 under the Saas category.  Chris Novak is their Software Engineer.  Some possible email formats for Chris Novak are CNovak@apigee.com, Chris.Novak@apigee.com, Chris@apigee.com, and Chris_Novak@apigee.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@apigee.com addresses.
Ram Raju - Pro Services
A San Jose, CA-based organization, Apigee Corp is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @apigee.com email addresses, as well as details on Ram Raju's email, the organization's Senior Software Consultant. Their profile can be found in Saas category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Ram Raju, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Ram Raju are RRaju@apigee.com, Ram.Raju@apigee.com, Ram@apigee.com, and Ram_Raju@apigee.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@apigee.com addresses.
Brian Fusco - Sales - Marketing
Need to know Brian Fusco's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on Apigee Corp's Lead411 profile.  Brian Fusco is the Product Manager, Digital Marketing for Apigee Corp, an organization which has its base in San Jose, CA.  One can also find Apigee Corp email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @apigee.com url.  Saas is Apigee Corp's industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Brian Fusco are BFusco@apigee.com, Brian.Fusco@apigee.com, Brian@apigee.com, and Brian_Fusco@apigee.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@apigee.com addresses.

People Directory > Anant Jhingran



















Anant Jhingran                                                                                                           - San Jose                                          , CA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



San Jose



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Anant Jhingran
                                    



 





















A 


Anant Jhingran                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



2122 ASHLEY RIDGE CT SAN JOSE, CA 95138
Get Directions



(408) 532-7750
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $112,048.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Anant Jhingran                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Anant Jhingran                                                                                                           is located at 2122 Ashley Ridge Ct in San Jose and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Anant Jhingran · OverDrive (Rakuten OverDrive): eBooks, audiobooks and videos for libraries












































OverDrive (Rakuten OverDrive)
Borrow eBooks, audiobooks, and videos from thousands of public libraries worldwide.






































Find a library




Sign in


Sign up




 





        Everything
      

        eBooks
      

        Audiobooks
      

        Periodicals
      

        Video
      

        Libraries
      














Anant Jhingran


    Anant Jhingran is an IBM fellow and vice president and chief technical officer for IBM’s Information Management division. He lives in San Francisco. Stephan Jou is a technical architect, research staff member, and senior technical staff member in IBM’s Business Analytics division in the Technology and Innovation group. William Lee is a senior software consulting engineer at IBM through the Cognos acquisition. Thanh Pham is a solution architect in the IBM Information Management Advanced Technology group, focusing on helping customers build applications using the IBM Mashup Center product and IBM cloud computing. Biraj Saha is an advisory software developer at IBM Cognos, specializing in metadata and algorithm design and development for Cognos modeling tools. They all live in Ottawa, Ontario. Anant Jhingran is an IBM fellow and vice president and chief technical officer for IBM’s Information Management division. He lives in San Francisco. Stephan Jou is a technical architect, research staff member, and senior technical staff member in IBM’s Business Analytics division in the Technology and Innovation group. William Lee is a senior software consulting engineer at IBM through the Cognos acquisition. Thanh Pham is a solution architect in the IBM Information Management Advanced Technology group, focusing on helping customers build applications using the IBM Mashup Center product and IBM cloud computing. Biraj Saha is an advisory software developer at IBM Cognos, specializing in metadata and algorithm design and development for Cognos modeling tools. They all live in Ottawa, Ontario. Anant Jhingran is an IBM fellow and vice president and chief technical officer for IBM’s Information Management division. He lives in San Francisco. Stephan Jou is a technical architect, research staff member, and senior technical staff member in IBM’s Business Analytics division in the Technology and Innovation group. William Lee is a senior software consulting engineer at IBM through the Cognos acquisition. Thanh Pham is a solution architect in the IBM Information Management Advanced Technology group, focusing on helping customers build applications using the IBM Mashup Center product and IBM cloud computing. Biraj Saha is an advisory software developer at IBM Cognos, specializing in metadata and algorithm design and development for Cognos modeling tools. They all live in Ottawa, Ontario. Anant Jhingran is an IBM fellow and vice president and chief technical officer for IBM’s Information Management division. He lives in San Francisco. Stephan Jou is a technical architect, research staff member, and senior technical staff member in IBM’s Business Analytics division in the Technology and Innovation group. William Lee is a senior software consulting engineer at IBM through the Cognos acquisition. Thanh Pham is a solution architect in the IBM Information Management Advanced Technology group, focusing on helping customers build applications using the IBM Mashup Center product and IBM cloud computing. Biraj Saha is an advisory software developer at IBM Cognos, specializing in metadata and algorithm design and development for Cognos modeling tools. They all live in Ottawa, Ontario. Anant Jhingran is an IBM fellow and vice president and chief technical officer for IBM’s Information Management division. He lives in San Francisco. Stephan Jou is a technical architect, research staff member, and senior technical staff member in IBM’s Business Analytics division in the Technology and Innovation group. William Lee is a senior software consulting engineer at IBM through the Cognos acquisition. Thanh Pham is a solution architect in the IBM Information Managem...
  



      Sort
    


Title


Release date


Popularity





      Filter
    


Subjects



Nonfiction
1




Computer Technology
1





Format



OverDrive Read
1




Adobe PDF eBook
1




Adobe EPUB eBook
1




















              IBM Business Analytics and...
            


                  Anant Jhingran Author
                  Stephan Jou Author
(2010)















 


Creators


Anant Jhingran






















 




Articles by Anant Jhingran | CIO




































































































This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »


























cio








 Sign In | Register





Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories.

IT Resume Makeover: Prove your path to CIO on page one
CIOs should step into the IoT oversight void
IT Resume Makeover: Emphasize challenges, actions and results
Shake Shack’s secret sauce for getting mobile apps right


More Insider
Sign Out










Search for



Suggestions for you



Insider email 














×





Close
















Anant Jhingran




 IDG Contributor Network



Want to Join?

Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own.










Anant Jhingran leads Products for API Management at Google. Prior to this role, he was CTO at Apigee, which was acquired by Google in September 2016. He joined Apigee from IBM, where he was VP and CTO for IBM’s Information Management Division. He is a data geek, but over time, he has grown to love middleware too.
Anant has received several awards, including IBM Fellow, IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, the President's Gold Medal for highest GPA at IIT Delhi, and membership in the IBM Academy of Technology. He has also authored over a dozen patents and over 20 technical papers, including frequent keynotes in industry and academic conferences. Anant received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley.
The opinions expressed in this blog are those of Anant Jhingran and do not necessarily represent those of IDG Communications, Inc., its parent, subsidiary or affiliated companies.






The Latest from Anant  








Applying Theory to Practice in ITBy Anant Jhingran IDG Contributor Network


Machine intelligence: Build your own vs. as-a-service













Applying Theory to Practice in IT by Anant Jhingran

APIs, ecosystems, and the democratization of machine intelligence 
Machine intelligence is on the verge of being democratized. Business leaders should stop thinking of machine intelligence in theoretical terms and start thinking of it as a force ready to be embedded in countless aspects of daily...










Applying Theory to Practice in IT by Anant Jhingran

Digital Ecosystems: Do Not Do It Alone!
Digital ecosystem strategies allow companies to leverage their strengths, mitigate their weaknesses, and pursue network effects – but to make these strategies work, enterprises must embrace a simple mantra: "Don't do it alone!"










Applying Theory to Practice in IT by Anant Jhingran

Embrace the hybrid cloud by dispelling security and latency myths
Enterprise leaders are embracing the cloud but remain concerned about hybrid cloud performance and security--two challenges that can be managed more easily than many realize. 










Applying Theory to Practice in IT by Anant Jhingran

Why adopting microservices is easy in theory, but not reality
Microservices can deliver tremendous speed and agility—but getting there requires cultural and organizational transformation in addition to new technology. 


Load More













Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter   Go 



Resources








White Paper

Best Practices for Increasing eCommerce Conversions by Delivering Superior Engagement








White Paper

Best Practices of Third-Party Software Security








White Paper

Buyer's Guide Software and Technology








Case StudySponsored

Close the gap on Office 365 e-discovery success








White Paper

Connecting Financial Services' Hybrid IT Infrastructure




See All






Go




































































































Leadership Team - Anant Jhingran | Apigee






























Leadership Team - Anant Jhingran








 
Team: Leadership TeamName: Anant JhingranTitle: ProductsBio: Anant Jhingran leads the product strategy and development at Apigee. He joined Apigee from IBM, where he was Vice President and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) for IBM's Information Management Division. He also co-chaired the IBM Cloud Computing Architecture Board. At IBM, Anant was responsible for the technical strategy for databases, information integration, analytics, big data, and helped deliver IBM's platform-as-a-service (PaaS) capabilities. He has been honored with numerous awards including IBM Fellow, IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, President's Gold Medal at IIT Delhi, IBM Academy of Technology, and Anant has authored over a dozen patents and over 20 technical papers.  Anant received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley.
 









  
Contact Us 


Watch Demo 

 























 






Anant Jhingran, Products for API Management, Google


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Anant Jhingran



Products for API Management
at
Google


Location: San Francisco Bay Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Anant Jhingran



Products for API Management
at
Google


Location: San Francisco Bay Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Anant Jhingran (PhD Berkeley) leads Products for API Management at Google. Prior to this role, he was the CTO at Apigee, which got acquired by Google in September 2016. He joined Apigee from IBM where he was VP and CTO for IBM’s Information Management Division. He is a data geek, but over time, has grown to love middleware too.
He has been honored with numerous awards including IBM Fellow, IIT Delhi Distinguished Alumnus Award, President’s Gold Medal at IIT Delhi, IBM Academy of Technology, and Anant has authored over a dozen patents and over 20 technical papers.  Anant received his Ph.D. from the University of California at Berkeley.



5

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Computer Software




Tags
Cloud Computing, Enterprise Software, Business Intelligence, IT Strategy, Architecture




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Anant JhingranCareer (7)






Nov-2016




Google



Products for API Management







Jul-2012 to Oct-2016




Apigee



VP, Products







Jan-2012 to Oct-2016




Persistent Systems Ltd.



Independent Director







Nov-2011 to Apr-2015




Opera Solutions



Advisor







Sep-2011 to Jul-2012




Apigee



VP Products







Jan-2006 to Sep-2011




IBM



IBM Fellow, VP & CTO, Information Mgmt








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Anant JhingranEducation (2)






1990



University of California, Berkeley


Computer Science






1985



Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi


EECS









 Edit



Anant JhingranAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Anant Jhingran






 Edit



Anant JhingranLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Anant Jhingran









Anant JhingranInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Anant Jhingran









Anant JhingranInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Anant Jhingran








Anant JhingranRelated People








Colleagues at Google







Danielle Brown

VP of Diversity
Jun-2017









Anna Patterson

Founder and Managing Partner at Gradient Ventures
Apr-2017









Dan Berkenstock

Entrepreneur In Residence
Apr-2017









Ching-Yu Hu

Entrepreneur-in-Residence
Apr-2017








View all 
Peers (54)







Jon Pilkington

VP of Products of Datawatch Corporation









Brian Brinkmann

Vice President Products of Logi Analytics









Charles  Zedlewski

Vice President, Products of Cloudera









Robin  Schumacher

SVP and Chief Product Officer of DataStax









Wei Zheng

Vice President of Products of Trifacta









Bill Lynch

VP of Products of Cloudability












View all 



Anant JhingranRecommended Market Profiles (10)








Marketing Environment (ChiefMartec.com)

10,000 or More employees
33 companies








  Advertising Networks: Native Networks

10,000 or More employees
10 companies








  Search: Engines

10,000 or More employees
8 companies








Speech

10,000 or More employees
19 companies








Mobile & Personal Assistants

10,000 or More employees
20 companies








NLP, Machine Learning, & Semantic Search

10,000 or More employees
63 companies


















