










 


    Robert White | Jiseki Health Inc | ZoomInfo.com










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 













 








Jiseki Health Privacy Policy

































jisekihealth.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
By using this Platform, You authorize the collection, use and disclosure of Your Personal Information as described herein and hereby acknowledge and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.

When do we collect information?

We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.

How do we use your information?

We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:

• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.

• To quickly process your transactions.

• To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products

• To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)

How do we protect your information?

Jiseki Health takes every precaution to protect our users’ Personal Information (including any Personally Identifiable Information) both on-line and off-line.  Jiseki Health protects such information by applying the following practices. 

Data Encryption

When You enter sensitive information (such as personal identifiers or health information) on Our forms, We encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (“SSL”).  Encryption is used to render data into a format that is un-readable while sitting on a specific computer system or being transmitted between computer systems unless a specific set of authorization keys are employed.  Once a user has successfully logged into his or her account the “lock” icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer closes (i.e., becomes locked), as opposed to un-locked, or “open,” when You “surf” or conduct general searches using the Internet. 

Password Protection

The Jiseki Health Platform requires user authentication by password entry prior to granting the user access to his or her Personal Information.  Upon registering with Our Platform, you must submit and confirm a password unique to Your user name.  We urge You to choose a strong password and keep it private and remind You that anyone with Your username and password can access Your account (including Your Personal Information).  Thus, it is critical that You ensure that Your password is unique, strong and updated on a regular basis.

Limiting Access to Information

Jiseki Health protects user information on-line and off-line in our offices.  Only employees who have a need for such information to perform a specific job are granted access to user information (Personal Information or otherwise).  Third party vendors have limited access and are only provided information to the extent necessary to perform their functions on our behalf.

Security Training for Employees

All employees of Jiseki Health receive mandatory training on legal and regulatory requirements governing their responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of user and client information on an annual basis and more frequently as needed.

Firewalls

Jiseki Health uses firewalls to prevent unauthorized access to information held in Our systems.

Audit Trails

Jiseki Health logs all activities related to the access or use of user and client information stored within Our systems (Personal Information or otherwise).

Off-Site Information Storage

Jiseki Health maintains information at one or more data centers.  All Jiseki Health data centers maintain state-of-the-art operational controls and operating environments in accordance with state and federal regulatory requirements and industry best practices.

Retention

We retain user and client information (including Personal Information) for the duration of Your relationship with Our client(s) (e.g., Your health plan and/or healthcare provider (or their agents or designees)) and for any such longer period required by contractual agreement with Our clients or applicable federal or state laws and regulations.  We are required to maintain certain collected information for several years in accordance with applicable laws.

Malware and Spyware

It is the policy of Jiseki Health to develop and apply a rigorous program of techniques, technologies, and methods to guard against, detect, and report the presence of malicious software.  Jiseki Health policy prohibits the use or inclusion of “Spyware” in its product offerings.  “Spyware” is also prohibited from being installed on company owned devices except as required to support investigations of misuse or misconduct.

Protection of Children

Our Platform offerings are intended for adults. These offerings and services are not intended or designed to attract individuals under the age of 18. We do not collect Personal Information from any person who we actually know is under the age of 18 absent indication by the minor of status as an emancipated minor or possession of legal parental or guardian consent, as applicable. If You are under 18 years of age, You affirm that You either are an emancipated minor or possess legal parental or guardian consent to use Our products and submit Personal Information in connection therewith. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of Our products and service offerings. The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through Our products or service offerings for a minor. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided Jiseki Health with Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information without their consent, he or she should contact Jiseki Health Customer Support by email at support@jisekihealth.com or at the address set forth in the Contact Us section below. If Jiseki Health becomes aware that it has collected or received Personal Information and/or Protected Health Information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, Jiseki Health will delete such information from its files and terminate the account.

Do we use 'cookies'?

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.


We use cookies to:


• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.

• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.

• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.


If users disable cookies in their browser:

If you turn cookies off, some features may be disabled. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.

Google

Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en

We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.


We have implemented the following:


• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.

Third-party disclosure

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses at the sole discretion of Jiseki Health.

Disclosures Required by Law

We may disclose Personal Information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or to comply with a legal process served on Us (e.g., pursuant to a court order, search warrant, subpoena or other legal action). 

Change of Control

In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, Jiseki Health reserves the right to transfer Your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets.  In the event of such a change, Your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as may be updated or amended from time to time, and you will be notified of any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. 

Jiseki Health Disclaimer Information

Certain content and services offered to You through Our Platform are provided by a link to websites hosted and operated by third party companies other than Jiseki Health (“Third Party Contractor Websites”).  You should be aware that any information You disclose once You access these other websites is not subject to this Privacy Policy.  Jiseki Health does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Contractor Websites.  You should review the privacy policy posted on Third Party Contractor Websites to understand how that Third Party Contractor collects, uses and discloses Your Personal Information.  Privacy and security policies of Third Party Contractor Websites may differ from those practiced by Jiseki Health.
Moreover, Jiseki Health does not endorse nor support the content of third-party links offered to You through Our Platform (“Third Party Links”).  Third Party Links are provided by websites hosted and operated by third party companies other than Jiseki Health.  Jiseki Health is not responsible for the content of Third Party Links.



California Online Privacy Protection Act 
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf 

California law requires that Jiseki Health provide You with a summary of Your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act ("California Privacy Act") and the California Business and Professions Code.
As required by the California Privacy Act, this Privacy Policy identifies the categories of Personal Information that Jiseki Health collects through its Platform about individual users who use or visit the Platform and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personal Information may be shared.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Platform who are residents of California to request certain information regarding the disclosure of Personal Information by Jiseki Health to third parties for direct marketing purposes and a description of the categories of Personal Information shared.  To make such a request, please send an e-mail to Jiseki Health at support@jisekihealth.com and include the phrase "California Privacy Request" in the subject line.  The body of the California Privacy Request should include the domain name of the Website You are inquiring about as well as Your personal contact information (e.g., Your name, address and email address).  It is Our goal to respond to Your request within thirty (30) days of Our receipt of the same.
Fair Information Practices


The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.


In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:


  • Within 7 business days. We will notify the users via in-site notification and via email if we have a current email address. 

We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.


Changes to the Privacy Policy

Jiseki Health reserves the right to revise or amend the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time for any reason.  The updated or changed Privacy Policy will be posted on this Platform.  We will communicate changes to the Privacy Policy on the Platform home page and/or log-in page.
If We decide to make a material change to Our Privacy Policy, We will post those changes on or before the effective date to ensure that Our users are informed about Our privacy practices and aware of what information We collect, how We use it, and under what circumstances, if any, We disclose it.  If at any point We decide to use Personally Identifiable Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, We will notify Users using a reasonably available method, which may include notification on the Platform or via email (if available).  Users will generally have a choice as to whether We use their information in this different manner. 



Contacting Us 
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. Our preferred method of contact is via email at support@jisekihealth.com.

Alternatively you may write to us at the following address:


2100 Geng Rd #210


Palo Alto, CA 94303


jisekihealth.com




Last Edited on 2017-2-6


Other Terms and Conditions


"Obama phone"

"Obama Phone" is the popular, unofficial name of the Lifeline Assistance program. We may choose to use the term ‘Obama phone’ in our marketing efforts as it is the term that is best recognized by most consumers, though it has nothing to do with President Obama.
Tax refund and discounts are determined by Liberty Tax Service, and are not under issued or determined by Jiseki Health, Inc. Jiseki Health is not a tax preparation company and should not be construed as providing financial or tax advice. Please see Liberty Tax Service Terms & Conditions for further information.
Should Jiseki Health provide free rides to and from a Liberty Tax Service location, these rides will be fulfilled by Lyft, Inc. or a similar service. Not all customers will qualify for free rides. They will be provided at Jiseki Health's discretion.






























Jiseki Health






































At Jiseki Health we're committed to connecting you to resources that are there to help improve your life


Dig through local, state, federal, and private sources to find and present vital life and health care bonuses, benefits, and savings that you are entitled to




Discover free and highly discounted benefits like: untapped money, Lyft rides, phones with service, fresh produce, and other new benefits you'll hear about 




Dig




Discover




Deliver




Deliver free wellness benefits like assessments, calls with doctors, vaccinations, bug spray (to keep Zika away), and new ones we're working on turning up for you now




Connect to a better life







Help us by texting us what kind of benefits are most interesting to you right now. Which benefits would you like us to start looking into for you?


Text us your ideas at 1-855-7JISEKI (1-800-754-7354)


Help is just a text away.




Copyright 2017  © Jiseki Health, Inc. All rights reserved.




Please direct any inquiries to: support@jisekihealth.com








1




2




3




What We Do




What You Do







Who We Are




Jiseki is Japanese (hey, was available) meaning "my responsibility" and "assistant". It's our job to hunt down the best available services for you, help you find the ones you qualify for, and then help you get them.











Partners






















Text "JOIN" to 1-855-7JISEKI (1-855-754-7354)


JOIN NOW


Privacy Policy

















































 
 





















 





Jiseki Health Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Jiseki Health Inc.

    Technology disrupting 1250+ safety net hospitals across America, $28B TAM    



Health/Medical
                 •                 Social Enterprise



















 












Overview






                            San Mateo, US                            



 














            Founders                    







                Admin            



Hunter Whitney
Hunter Whitney Consultant and Author; UX and Data Visualization








                Admin            



Mark Lichman
Expert in combining process optimization, algorithm design and medical software systems into seamless user and patient experiences.








                Admin            



Robert White, MBA
CFO and Administration. Creating high value provider network across the US








                Admin            



John Rublaitus



4 more related



















                Advisors                            







                Admin            



Garrett Dunham








                Admin            



John Merrells








                Admin            



Bradley Lawson








                Admin            



Wolfgang Kandek













            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











