










 







JL Robotics, Inc. - Other Technology- Janda  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









JL Robotics, Inc.

      Industry: Other Technology
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    7250 Calle Cristobal Unit 38 
    San Diego, CA, 92126Phone: 8587528503 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-26


New


$20,074


$20,074


Debt Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Jeffrey Jon Janda 
 Director, Executive 












JL Robotics, Inc. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











JL Robotics, Inc.  Funding details


JL Robotics, Inc. Industry: Other TechnologyCIK Number: 0001688473IRS Number: 464426697Address: 7250 CALLE CRISTOBAL UNIT 38 SAN DIEGO 92126Phone number: 8587528503



Latest news
JL Robotics, Inc. raised $20,074 from 1 investor on 2016-10-26.



JL Robotics, Inc. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-10-26New Form D$500,074$20,074$480,000$5,000106b[SEC Filing]
JL Robotics, Inc. raised $20,074 in total.



Directors and Executives of JL Robotics, Inc.
Key People in JL Robotics, Inc.:

Jeffrey Janda
Similar companiesJLH CAPITAL INVESTMENT LTD, JLH PARTNERS LP, JLH Offshore Ltd, JLC Managed Futures Fund I, LP, JL FALCON PARTNERS LP, JL Squared Partners LLC, JLP Credit Opportunity Cayman Fund Ltd, JLP Institutional Credit Fund LP, JLP Credit Opportunity Fund LP, JLP Partners Fund LP, JLP Stressed Credit Fund LP, JLP Partners Cayman Fund Ltd








Last visited companies: TMG TECH WORLD CO-INVEST, L.P., Rock Bluff Equity Income Partnership, L.P., Rock Bluff Hedge Fund Partnership, L.P., Rock Bluff Strategic Fixed Income Partnership, L.P., Rock Bluff International Equity Partnership, L.P.

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Team – JL Robotics







































 








Skip to content


































 
 
 




Jeffrey J. Janda President and FounderJeff has spent the last 12 years working in the mineral exploration industry and has explored for gold, silver, uranium, barite, and lithium.  He has co-founded and served as President of three junior mining companies.   He was President of Tonogold Resources, Inc. from 2002 to 2012 and served on the Board of Directors until 2016.  He was also President of Prospect Uranium (from 2005 to 2011) and Persistence Mining (from 2012 to 2015).  Prospect Uranium was sold to Continential Resources in 2011 and Persistence Mining continues to operate as a private company.    Jeff is the co-inventor of the Universal Mineral Separator and conceived of the idea after spending many years struggling to find ore deposits that could be safely and economically processed with the industry’s antiquated technology.    Prior to working in the mining industry, Jeff worked in the financial services industry as an investment banker.  He co-founded his own stock brokerage firm, Janda & Garrington, which he sold in 1999.  Prior to that he worked as a Managing Director of Corporate Finance for W.B. McKee Securities where he co-managed several successful IPO’s and worked on numerous private financings.  He spent his early career working for small brokerage firms in San Diego.   He graduated from the University of Iowa in 1990 where he received a B.A. Degree in Linguistics. 
 
 














 
 
 




Gavin Cutting Chief EngineerGavin Cutting is the design and engineering force behind the Universal Mineral Separator.  Gavin is also the president and co-founder of Neural Ideas Inc., a robotics start-up.  He is a career engineer with a Bachelors Degree in Mechatronic Engineering, a combination of electrical, mechanical, and software engineering, and has developed various electro-mechanical devices from proof-of-concept.  He has worked for companies in government contracting, medical devices and consumer electronics. Gavin began his career, in 2009, at Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC), a government contractor, and was responsible for for testing and identifying failure modes in a security device in shipping containers.  In 2010, he moved to Strategic Operations, where he developed electrical and mechanical improvements to existing military products.  Gavin joined Orthoscan Inc. in 2011, and overhauled the production test-bed for high voltage power supplies in X-ray machines.  In 2012, he joined Parametric Sound Corporation, creating multiple supporting products for their flagship directional sound system.  Concurrently, he founded Neural Ideas Inc., where he has developed new products for companies and entrepreneurs ever since.  
 
 


 

























Contact – JL Robotics







































 








Skip to content































ContactJeff Janda, PresidentJL Robotics, Inc.7250 Calle Cristobal, Unit 38San Diego, CA 92126Phone: (858) 752-8503Email: jeff@jlrobotics.com 
 
 


 



















