    Dion Joannou | GO Networks Inc | ZoomInfo.com






Business Directories by State
































Locations

            Top States:

                Florida
- (7,668,568 Businesses)
California
- (7,998,707 Businesses)
Texas
- (4,844,123 Businesses)
New York
- (4,451,436 Businesses)
Pennsylvania
- (1,273,348 Businesses)

Advertisements









States












                                                        Alabama
                                                    




                                                        424,733 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        529,179 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Alaska
                                                    




                                                        90,124 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        119,266 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arizona
                                                    




                                                        757,577 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        800,059 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Arkansas
                                                    




                                                        263,265 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        325,843 People Found
                                                    










                                                        California
                                                    




                                                        7,998,707 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        7,373,819 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Colorado
                                                    




                                                        810,965 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        814,457 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Connecticut
                                                    




                                                        468,528 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        572,166 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Delaware
                                                    




                                                        132,203 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        114,760 People Found
                                                    










                                                        District Of Columbia
                                                    




                                                        101,098 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        225,569 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Florida
                                                    




                                                        7,668,568 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        10,379,295 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Georgia
                                                    




                                                        1,255,913 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,396,340 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Hawaii
                                                    




                                                        129,778 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        152,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Idaho
                                                    




                                                        172,946 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        201,511 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Illinois
                                                    




                                                        1,181,775 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,483,850 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Indiana
                                                    




                                                        578,336 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        719,895 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Iowa
                                                    




                                                        329,478 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        460,060 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kansas
                                                    




                                                        282,167 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        348,203 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Kentucky
                                                    




                                                        405,363 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        504,608 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Louisiana
                                                    




                                                        633,706 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        615,567 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maine
                                                    




                                                        130,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        174,828 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Maryland
                                                    




                                                        674,761 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        710,572 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Massachusetts
                                                    




                                                        726,390 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,027,523 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Michigan
                                                    




                                                        934,309 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,131,010 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Minnesota
                                                    




                                                        592,078 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        758,209 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Mississippi
                                                    




                                                        261,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        322,667 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Missouri
                                                    




                                                        597,997 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        706,322 People Found
                                                    














                                                        Montana
                                                    




                                                        130,347 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        158,428 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nebraska
                                                    




                                                        191,594 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        279,673 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Nevada
                                                    




                                                        1,037,013 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,194,143 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Hampshire
                                                    




                                                        154,616 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        193,717 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Jersey
                                                    




                                                        974,360 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,091,903 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New Mexico
                                                    




                                                        178,355 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        231,695 People Found
                                                    










                                                        New York
                                                    




                                                        4,451,436 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        2,890,348 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Carolina
                                                    




                                                        989,345 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,123,726 People Found
                                                    










                                                        North Dakota
                                                    




                                                        81,418 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        101,993 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Ohio
                                                    




                                                        1,062,591 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,335,491 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oklahoma
                                                    




                                                        379,567 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        422,307 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Oregon
                                                    




                                                        510,730 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        621,776 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Pennsylvania
                                                    




                                                        1,273,348 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,546,221 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Puerto Rico
                                                    




                                                        55,527 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        60,845 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Rhode Island
                                                    




                                                        111,772 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        132,878 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Carolina
                                                    




                                                        406,911 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        483,894 People Found
                                                    










                                                        South Dakota
                                                    




                                                        92,785 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        126,265 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Tennessee
                                                    




                                                        620,250 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        751,954 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Texas
                                                    




                                                        4,844,123 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        5,747,622 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Utah
                                                    




                                                        363,011 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        377,419 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Vermont
                                                    




                                                        81,906 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        106,956 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Virginia
                                                    




                                                        911,909 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        1,016,490 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Washington
                                                    




                                                        830,492 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        864,073 People Found
                                                    










                                                        West Virginia
                                                    




                                                        136,960 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        185,319 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wisconsin
                                                    




                                                        486,943 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        707,971 People Found
                                                    










                                                        Wyoming
                                                    




                                                        77,247 Companies Found
                                                    


                                                        90,781 People Found
                                                    













                Company Directory:
            
            Browse directory by company name:
            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
(more)







People Directory: 

            Names starting with letters:

            
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.











 

Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer - Market Exclusive


































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  Press Releases  Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer     Press Releases  Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer  ByME Staff -July 6, 2017 15  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


   As COO, Dion will draw on his extensive industry experience and insight to support the scaling of Accedian’s market leadership position, and expand its customer base among network operators, service providers, and enterprises worldwide. “We’re delighted to welcome Dion as our COO,” said Accedian founder and CEO Patrick Ostiguy. “His wealth of expertise in the network infrastructure market, together with his management experience in sales, business development, marketing, and operations, make him a welcome addition to our leadership team.  Dion will play a key role in driving global expansion and positioning Accedian as a leader in our space.” Commenting on his appointment, Dion said, “The network equipment and infrastructure market is fundamentally changing, thanks to new technologies like NFV, SDN and cloud. At the same time, network performance and quality of service are more critical than ever to the success of network operators, service providers and enterprises. Accedian’s proven technology and its pioneering approach to virtualized performance monitoring means the company is ideally positioned to capitalize on these trends and help network operators provide superior quality of experience. I’m excited to join Accedian at this important time in the company’s development—and in the development of the wider networking industry as well.” Dion joins Accedian from Viavi Solutions (formerly JDSU), where he spent two years as Senior Vice President of Sales for its Network Service Enablement (NSE) unit. His industry experience also includes 14 years at Nortel Networks, where he held several high-level leadership positions in its IP and Wireless businesses in Europe, central and Latin America. Dion also served as Nortel’s Chief Strategy Officer, and was President of its North American operations for two years.   Dion holds an MBA in international business from the University of Miami, and a B.A. in business administration from Southern Illinois University. About Accedian Accedian delivers exceptional end-­to-end network performance visibility, for control over the best possible user experience. Providing the most complete, current view of network health, Accedian dramatically improves visibility with actionable insights for peak reliability and quality of service (QoS). Accedian enables control over increasingly complex networks to increase agility, and reduce cost. Most importantly, through a fully optimized and performance assured network, Accedian proactively ensures maximum uptime and for peak quality of experience (QoE). Since 2005, Accedian has assured hundreds of thousands of networks and services globally, turning performance into a key competitive differentiator. For more information, visit www.Accedian.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Accedian SOURCE Accedian Networks Inc.  Related Links  www.accedian.comPlease enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Vodka Brands Corp. Announces Public Trading of Company Stock    USMJ AmeriCanna Cafe Cannabis Infused Water Expected to Boost Both USMJ and PURA Sales Beginning This Quarter    Petvivo’s Dr. Masters Receives Award From Society for Biomaterials     Isodiol International Inc. Receives Regulatory (Anvisa) Approval for Isoderm for the Treatment of Epilepsy and Parkinson’s    Door to Door Move Launches its New and Easy-to-Navigate Website    Full Alliance Group, Inc. (OTC PINK: FAGI) Signs Agreement with Wincon Distributing, Inc.  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 ASCENT CAPITAL GROUP,INC. (NASDAQ:ASCMA) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 Panera Bread Company (NASDAQ:PNRA) Files An 8-K Termination of a Material Definitive Agreement 
 SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC. (NASDAQ:SRPT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 GILLA INC. (OTCMKTS:GLLA) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Insider Trading Activity Guidewire Software, Inc. (NYSE:GWRE) – Insider Sold 782 shares of Stock 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Here’s What Just Happened With Puma Biotechnology, Inc. (NASDAQ:PBYI) and CymaBay...  July 18, 2017   Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37717LSE1947Stocks1361Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1169Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 

































Dialogic Names Dion Joannou to Board of Directors - PICMG Systems and Technology











 















































Free Subscription
See the Current Issue
Archived Issues
































 




 

Dialogic Names Dion Joannou to Board of Directors

Dialogic
 - Leave a Comment

Past President of Nortel Networks North America Brings Dialogic Significant Industry ExperienceMONTREAL, Quebec. Dec 12th, 2007 – Dialogic Corporation ("Dialogic"), a global provider of world-class products and technologies for media and signal processing, today announced that Dion Joannou, previously President of Nortel Networks North America has been appointed to Dialogics Board of Directors.  “Dion Joannou brings significant industry experience, knowledge and insight to Dialogics board,” said Nick Jensen, Chairman of the Board of Dialogic and CEO.  “Were extremely pleased to have Dion on our Board and look forward to working with him and benefiting from his contributions as we continue to grow our business.”Over the course of 13 years at Nortel Networks Joannou held a number of leadership positions in the Wireless and ATM/IP businesses culminating in being appointed as President of Nortel North America in August of 2005. While serving in that capacity until the end of August 2007, Joannou was responsible for overseeing 50% of Nortels revenues of between $5-$6 Billion derived from both the enterprise and carrier markets.Joannou holds a Bachelor of Arts – Marketing from Southern Illinois University in Edwardsville, Illinois and a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Miami in Miami, Florida.About Dialogic CorporationDialogic Corporation is a leading provider of open systems platforms to both the Enterprise and Service Provider markets. The platforms enable converged communications, allowing service providers, developers and system integrators to deliver services, content and applications using multimedia processing and signaling technologies.Headquartered in Montreal, Canada, Dialogic and its subsidiaries have over twenty offices worldwide, providing local presence, knowledge and support to serve its customers around the globe. Dialogics research and development centers are located in Parsippany, New Jersey; Buffalo, New York; Boston, Massachusetts; Hyannis, Massachusetts; Salem, New Hampshire; London, England; Dublin, Ireland; and Stuttgart, Germany as well as Montreal.Information about Dialogic is available at www.dialogic.com.Dialogic is a registered trademark of Dialogic Corporation. Other trademarks mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. Dialogic encourages all users of its products to procure all necessary intellectual property licenses required to implement their concepts or applications, which licenses may vary from country to country.ContactsBill BryantDirector of Marketing503-206-4492Bill.Bryant@Dialogic.com Topics covered in this articleSignal Processingwireless






Advertisement




 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou As Chief Operating Officer - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou As Chief Operating Officer









PR Newswire




Jul 6, 2017 6:00 AM EDT













 




























































  Industry veteran will oversee global sales and business development, marketing and operations as Accedian continues its global expansion  MONTREAL, July 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Accedian, the global end-to-end network performance assurance experts, today announced the appointment of Dion Joannou as its new Chief Operating Officer (COO). In his new role, Joannou will oversee Accedian's global sales, business development, marketing, and operations. His appointment comes as Accedian continues to expand its market share worldwide and win international Tier 1 network service providers. As COO, Dion will draw on his extensive industry experience and insight to support the scaling of Accedian's market leadership position, and expand its customer base among network operators, service providers, and enterprises worldwide. "We're delighted to welcome Dion as our COO," said Accedian founder and CEO Patrick Ostiguy. "His wealth of expertise in the network infrastructure market, together with his management experience in sales, business development, marketing, and operations, make him a welcome addition to our leadership team.  Dion will play a key role in driving global expansion and positioning Accedian as a leader in our space." Commenting on his appointment, Dion said, "The network equipment and infrastructure market is fundamentally changing, thanks to new technologies like NFV, SDN and cloud. At the same time, network performance and quality of service are more critical than ever to the success of network operators, service providers and enterprises. Accedian's proven technology and its pioneering approach to virtualized performance monitoring means the company is ideally positioned to capitalize on these trends and help network operators provide superior quality of experience. I'm excited to join Accedian at this important time in the company's development—and in the development of the wider networking industry as well." Dion joins Accedian from Viavi Solutions (formerly JDSU), where he spent two years as Senior Vice President of Sales for its Network Service Enablement (NSE) unit. His industry experience also includes 14 years at Nortel Networks, where he held several high-level leadership positions in its IP and Wireless businesses in Europe, central and Latin America. Dion also served as Nortel's Chief Strategy Officer, and was President of its North American operations for two years.  Dion holds an MBA in international business from the University of Miami, and a B.A. in business administration from Southern Illinois University.  About Accedian Accedian delivers exceptional end-­to-end network performance visibility, for control over the best possible user experience. Providing the most complete, current view of network health, Accedian dramatically improves visibility with actionable insights for peak reliability and quality of service (QoS). Accedian enables control over increasingly complex networks to increase agility, and reduce cost. Most importantly, through a fully optimized and performance assured network, Accedian proactively ensures maximum uptime and for peak quality of experience (QoE). Since 2005, Accedian has assured hundreds of thousands of networks and services globally, turning performance into a key competitive differentiator. For more information, visit www.Accedian.com. Follow us on Twitter: @Accedian    



 








 































































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months


Tesaro Resorts to PR Razzle Dazzle to Make Ovarian Cancer Drug Appear Cheaply Priced


Kinder Morgan Reports Mixed 1Q Financial Results











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer 
         










    










 













 











 



















Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer
        																																						
              











 News provided by
Accedian Networks Inc.  
Jul 06, 2017, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































Industry veteran will oversee global sales and business development, marketing and operations as Accedian continues its global expansion
MONTREAL, July 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Accedian, the global end-to-end network performance assurance experts, today announced the appointment of Dion Joannou as its new Chief Operating Officer (COO). In his new role, Joannou will oversee Accedian's global sales, business development, marketing, and operations. His appointment comes as Accedian continues to expand its market share worldwide and win international Tier 1 network service providers.








As COO, Dion will draw on his extensive industry experience and insight to support the scaling of Accedian's market leadership position, and expand its customer base among network operators, service providers, and enterprises worldwide.
"We're delighted to welcome Dion as our COO," said Accedian founder and CEO Patrick Ostiguy. "His wealth of expertise in the network infrastructure market, together with his management experience in sales, business development, marketing, and operations, make him a welcome addition to our leadership team.  Dion will play a key role in driving global expansion and positioning Accedian as a leader in our space."
Commenting on his appointment, Dion said, "The network equipment and infrastructure market is fundamentally changing, thanks to new technologies like NFV, SDN and cloud. At the same time, network performance and quality of service are more critical than ever to the success of network operators, service providers and enterprises. Accedian's proven technology and its pioneering approach to virtualized performance monitoring means the company is ideally positioned to capitalize on these trends and help network operators provide superior quality of experience. I'm excited to join Accedian at this important time in the company's development—and in the development of the wider networking industry as well."
Dion joins Accedian from Viavi Solutions (formerly JDSU), where he spent two years as Senior Vice President of Sales for its Network Service Enablement (NSE) unit. His industry experience also includes 14 years at Nortel Networks, where he held several high-level leadership positions in its IP and Wireless businesses in Europe, central and Latin America. Dion also served as Nortel's Chief Strategy Officer, and was President of its North American operations for two years.  
Dion holds an MBA in international business from the University of Miami, and a B.A. in business administration from Southern Illinois University.
About Accedian
Accedian delivers exceptional end-­to-end network performance visibility, for control over the best possible user experience. Providing the most complete, current view of network health, Accedian dramatically improves visibility with actionable insights for peak reliability and quality of service (QoS). Accedian enables control over increasingly complex networks to increase agility, and reduce cost. Most importantly, through a fully optimized and performance assured network, Accedian proactively ensures maximum uptime and for peak quality of experience (QoE). Since 2005, Accedian has assured hundreds of thousands of networks and services globally, turning performance into a key competitive differentiator. For more information, visit www.Accedian.com.
Follow us on Twitter: @Accedian
SOURCE Accedian Networks Inc.
 Related Links

www.accedian.com



 













Jun 06, 2017, 10:28 ET
Preview: Accedian añade tres destacados veteranos de la industria a su consejo de dirección






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 06, 2017, 06:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Accedian Adds Three Major Industry Veterans To Board








 

Jun 06, 2017, 10:28 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Accedian añade tres destacados veteranos de la industria a su...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Carriers and Services
  Wireless Communications
Corporate Expansion
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer


 News provided by
Accedian Networks Inc.  
Jul 06, 2017, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


Accedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating Officer - Accedian Networks Inc   Insurance & Technology Online Buyers' GuideAccedian Networks IncNewsAccedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating OfficerAccedian Appoints Dion Joannou as Chief Operating OfficerPress Release from Accedian Networks IncIndustry veteran will oversee global sales and business development, marketing and operations as Accedian continues its global expansionMONTREAL, July 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Accedian, the global end-to-end network performance assurance experts, today announced the appointment of Dion Joannou as its new Chief Operating Officer (COO). In his new role, Joannou will oversee Accedian's global sales, business development, marketing, and operations. His appointment comes as Accedian continues to expand its market share worldwide and win international Tier 1 network service providers.As COO, Dion will draw on his extensive industry experience and insight to support the scaling of Accedian's market leadership position, and expand its customer base among network operators, service providers, and enterprises worldwide."We're delighted to welcome Dion as our COO," said Accedian founder and CEO Patrick Ostiguy. "His wealth of expertise in the network infrastructure market, together with his management experience in sales, business development, marketing, and operations, make him a welcome addition to our leadership team. Dion will play a key role in driving global expansion and positioning Accedian as a leader in our space."Commenting on his appointment, Dion said, "The network equipment and infrastructure market is fundamentally changing, thanks to new technologies like NFV, SDN and cloud. At the same time, network performance and quality of service are more critical than ever to the success of network operators, service providers and enterprises. Accedian's proven technology and its pioneering approach to virtualized performance monitoring means the company is ideally positioned to capitalize on these trends and help network operators provide superior quality of experience. I'm excited to join Accedian at this important time in the company's development—and in the development of the wider networking industry as well."Dion joins Accedian from Viavi Solutions (formerly JDSU), where he spent two years as Senior Vice President of Sales for its Network Service Enablement (NSE) unit. His industry experience also includes 14 years at Nortel Networks, where he held several high-level leadership positions in its IP and Wireless businesses in Europe, central and Latin America. Dion also served as Nortel's Chief Strategy Officer, and was President of its North American operations for two years.Dion holds an MBA in international business from the University of Miami, and a B.A. in business administration from Southern Illinois University.About AccedianAccedian delivers exceptional end-­to-end network performance visibility, for control over the best possible user experience. Providing the most complete, current view of network health, Accedian dramatically improves visibility with actionable insights for peak reliability and quality of service (QoS). Accedian enables control over increasingly complex networks to increase agility, and reduce cost. Most importantly, through a fully optimized and performance assured network, Accedian proactively ensures maximum uptime and for peak quality of experience (QoE). Since 2005, Accedian has assured hundreds of thousands of networks and services globally, turning performance into a key competitive differentiator. For more information, visit www.Accedian.com.Follow us on Twitter: @AccedianSOURCE Accedian Networks Inc.Companies Mentioned in this Press Release:Accedian Networks IncBusiness Categories Mentioned in this Press Release:Web Services×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to Insurance & Technology Online Buyers' Guide. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for Insurance & Technology Online Buyers' Guide. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address

Dion Joannou - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help






































Dion Joannou














Angel



Florida










7 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Dion Joannou



Log in
or
sign up
to find connections to Dion.





Connect




















About










Locations






New York
Florida









Markets






Clean Technology
Consumer Internet
Mobile
Digital Media
Mobile Advertising
College Campuses
Mobile Coupons



















Investments

















People also viewed












Jeffry Harrison


Chief Operating Officer at @rovertown











alfred junco


Founder @lucova












Val Sopi


Founder of Goodwerp. Product...











Masood Ahmed












Redeemed ChristianFellowship


Founder @the-launching-pad • Studied...











Suraj Raut


Founder & CEO of Euthenia Software...












Grant Jenkins


Founder eCeptacle • Worked at...











Dwight James Baum


Active angel investor based out of...





























Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified

























Tech Moves: Accedian Hires Ex-Viavi Dion Joannou as COO; Syntonic Appoints AT&T, Sprint Exec as Chairman











 


















HomeNewsEditor's PicksMarket TrendsTechnology & SolutionsServices & InnovationsDevices and WearablesApps & ContentBusinessSPECIAL SEGMENTSWeekly HighlightsSolution Provider EditionService Provider EditionRegional EditionsEdición EspañolaBlogExpert OpinionWhat's HappeningQuick TakeConnecting PeopleForumJoin The Banter SeriesInsightsStrategy PapersWhite PapersQ&A SeriesCase StudiesUse CasesVideosQuick InfoWhat isWikiTelecoms Infographics Mobile Network Security Infographics PCC Infographics 4G LTE InfographicsDirectoryService Provider ListingSolution Provider ListingSolution and Product ListingSolution Provider Company PagesIVR TechnologiesMahindra ComvivaOpenetTango TelecomCompany and Directory Listing GuideCompanies Listing Submission FormEventsWorkshops & ConferencesWebinarsInnovate and Innovate Faster2015 Top Tech Videos2016 Trends and Outlook2017 Trends and OutlookMWC 2016 MNO Innovation GuideMWC 2017 MNO Innovation GuideJobsTelecom SalariesWHITE PAPERS


SubscribeFollow UsAbout UsContactAbout UsContactEditors And AuthorsAdvertise With UsRun A CampaignMedia KitB2B Content Marketing Ideas×  ×    ××COMING SOON


Get The Fast Mode's News Reader Chrome Extension

		✕

































        




 





 







 
 




















			
	  	Tech Moves: Accedian Hires Ex-Viavi Dion Joannou as COO; Syntonic Appoints AT&T, Sprint Exec as Chairman
	  	
	  



22d ago




Ray Sharma






1
2
3
4
5

(0 votes)











font size

decrease font size



increase font size






Print





Email





					Comments:DISQUS_COMMENTS 














Image Credit: Syntonic





	Network performance assurance firm, Accedian on Thursday announced the appointment of Dion Joannou as its new COO.

	In his new role, Joannou will oversee Accedian’s global sales,  business development, marketing, and operations. His appointment comes as Accedian continues to expand its market share worldwide and win international Tier 1 network service providers.

	Dion joins Accedian from Viavi Solutions (formerly JDSU), where he spent two years as Senior Vice President of Sales for its Network Service Enablement (NSE) unit. His industry experience also includes 14 years at Nortel Networks, where he held several high-level leadership positions in its IP and Wireless businesses in Europe, central and Latin America. Dion also served as Nortel’s Chief Strategy Officer, and was President of its North American operations for two years.  

	Seattle-based sponsored data firm, Syntonic announced the appointment of former Sprint and AT&T senior executive, Steve Elfman, as the new Chairman of the Board amid accelerated customer growth, rapid product innovation and ongoing global expansion. 

	Along with this cornerstone appointment, Syntonic has also rounded out its board of directors with the addition of a Sydney-based leader in emerging technologies, Nigel Hennessy, to drive Asia-Pacific capital market awareness and to support the company’s regional expansion. 







TAGS:

syntonic
accedian networks
viavi solutions
spirit
att





 

Ray Sharma

Ray is a news editor at The Fast Mode, bringing with him more than 10 years of experience in the wireless industry. 

Ray can be reached at ray.sharma(at)thefastmode.com.

	 







Facebook-
Twitter
Google+-
LinkedIn-
Email




‹ PREVIOUS POST MTS Appoints Vyacheslav Nikolaev as New CMO		
› NEXT POST Colt Appoints Ashish Surti as CISO		


RELATED CONTENT


AT&T Wins Major Enterprise Deal for Global On-Demand Virtual Network



AT&T, Etisalat, Singtel, Swisscom and Telefónica Make It as Top Digital Experience Providers



AT&T Partners NetComm Wireless to Roll Out Rural Broadband FWA



AT&T to Invest $200M in SDN Startups Supporting ONAP



SK Telecom Tops 5G Trials Followed by DOCOMO, KT, China Mobile and AT&T



Ericsson Joins AT&T, Huawei, IBM, Intel and Others as Platinum Member of OpenStack Foundation



AT&T Plans to Launch Software-Based 10Gbps XGS-PON Broadband Field Trial



AT&T, China Telecom to Jointly Develop New Services in IoT, Cloud Big Data, VoLTE Roaming and SDN












COMMENTS






			back to top		










 




Top Picks from Leadership & Management




Tech Moves: Accedian Hires Ex-Viavi Dion Joannou as COO; Syntonic Appoints AT&T, Sprint Exec as Chairman






















MTS Appoints Vyacheslav Nikolaev as New CMO






















WeDo Expands Team in APAC with Appointment of David Burks as VP/GM






















Juniper Networks Appoints Google's Bikash Koley as New CTO






















Colt Appoints Ashish Surti as CISO






















Telefónica Deutschland Appoints Markus Rolle as New CFO and Extends the Management Board






















Digi Appoints Lars-Ake Norling as New Chairman; Boasts Total 12mil Subs with Over 5mil 4G Subs





















 




 
 



















Join the Banter




The Smartphone and Tablet War - Never Was, Never Will Be








	      
      	      	 Smartphone and tablets seem to be fighting for the same market, but the truth is, what smartphones are taking over is the market for the telephony service, the camera, newspapers and casual meet-up sessions (think Facebook apps),…      	      





				Read more...			
View All 






 




 




Like us on FacebookThe Fast Mode8602 likesLike PageSign UpFollow us on Twitter The Fast Mode
@TheFastModeTWEETS20KFOLLOWING2,471FOLLOWERS13.4K
















 









  X  



          Like Us  ◆    

about usAbout   Contact   Terms & Conditions  Privacy Policy  Cookie Policyrun a campaignRun A Campaign   Advertise with Us   Consulting   Analytics Copyright (c) 2016 The Fast Mode








Close


Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus

 







