

John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:29 AM ET
Insurance

Company Overview of John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
As of December 31, 2009, John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. was acquired by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. provides insurance and investment products and services to retail and institutional customers in North America. The company operates in four segments: protection, wealth management, guaranteed and structured financial products, and corporate and other. The protection segment provides life and long term care insurance products and services. It offers estate and business planning solutions, as well as life insurance products. The wealth management segment offers variable and fixed annuities, open-end and closed-end funds, ret...
As of December 31, 2009, John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. was acquired by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. provides insurance and investment products and services to retail and institutional customers in North America. The company operates in four segments: protection, wealth management, guaranteed and structured financial products, and corporate and other. The protection segment provides life and long term care insurance products and services. It offers estate and business planning solutions, as well as life insurance products. The wealth management segment offers variable and fixed annuities, open-end and closed-end funds, retirement services, and the management of institutional accounts. The guaranteed and structured financial products segment offers various products to qualified defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans, and other domestic and international investors. Its products include structured settlements, immediate fixed annuities, and retail notes. This segment also offers institutional products, including non-guaranteed, partially-guaranteed and fully-guaranteed general account, and separate account investment options. The corporate and other segment offers corporate and institutional investment advisory services. It distributes its products through insurance agents and brokers, pension consultants, and investment professionals, as well as through alternative distribution channels, including banks, financial planners, and direct marketing. The company was formerly known as John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, Inc. and changed its name to John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. in February 2000. The company was founded in 1862 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.
Detailed Description


1 John Hancock WaySuite 1350Boston, MA 02117-1350United StatesFounded in 1862



Phone: 617-572-6000

Fax: 617-572-6451








Key Executives for John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc.


John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Atlantic Surety Company United States 212 Capital Group, LLC United States 21st Century Life and Health Company, Inc. United States 3 Mark Financial, Inc. United States 534 Las Americas, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 15, 2016
			    
Hawaiian Electric Company Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































SEC Info - John Hancock Life Insurance Co (USA) Separate Account A, et al. - ‘N-6/A’ on 6/6/08 - EX-99.26(E)











SEC Info uses JavaScript!  To view pages properly, enable JavaScript in your browser.


    SEC Info      Home      Search      My Interests      Help      Sign In      Please Sign In




John Hancock Life Insurance Co (USA) Separate Account A, et al. – ‘N-6/A’ on 6/6/08 – EX-99.26(E)On:  Friday, 6/6/08, at 4:23pm ET   ·   Accession #:  1193125-8-129663   ·   File #s:  811-04834, 333-148991
Previous ‘N-6’:  ‘N-6’ on 2/1/08   ·   Next:  ‘N-6’ on 6/13/08   ·   Latest:  ‘N-6/A’ on 7/14/17   ·   Referenced via Accession #:  By:  John Hancock Life Insurance Co (USA) Separate Account A – ‘CORRESP’ on 8/19/08



  in 
this entire Filing.
an "Entity" Search.
  Show 
Docs searched
 and 
every "hit".
the 1st "hit".

Help... Wildcards:  ? (any letter),  * (many).  Logic:  for Docs:  & (and),  | (or);  for Text:  | (anywhere),  "(&)" (near).    ↓Bottom
 
T-->  As Of                Filer                Filing    For·On·As Docs:Size              Issuer               Agent

 6/06/08  John Hancock Life Ins Co (USA)..A N-6/A                  6:7.5M                                   RR Donnelley/FA
          → John Hancock Life Insurance Co (USA) Separate Account A ⇒ Majestic Survivorship VULX
F-->Pre-Effective Amendment to Registration Statement for a Separate Account (Unit Investment Trust)   —   Form N-6Filing Table of Contents
Document/Exhibit                   Description                      Pages   Size 

 1: N-6/A       John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)        HTML   5.09M 
                          Account A                                              
 2: EX-99.26(D)(1)  Form of Specimen Flexible Premium Variable      HTML    205K 
                          Life Insurance Policy                                  
 3: EX-99.26(E)  Form of Specimen Application for the Majestic      HTML     42K 
                          Survivorship Vulx Insurance Policy                     
 6: EX-99.26(I)  Powers of Attorney                                 HTML     39K 
 4: EX-99.26(K)  Opinion of Counsel                                 HTML     10K 
 5: EX-99.26(N)  Consent of Independent Auditors                    HTML      9K 

D-->EX-99.26(E)   —   Form of Specimen Application for the Majestic Survivorship Vulx Insurance Policy
H-->This exhibit is an HTML Document rendered as filed.  [ Alternative Formats ]


P-->

  Form of Specimen Application for the Majestic Survivorship VULX Insurance Policy  


    John Hancock
 Policy Details - Variable Life  John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) John Hancock Variable Life Insurance Company  (hereinafter referred to as The Company)  Service Office:  200  BLOOR
STREET EAST TORONTO, ONTARIO CANADA M4W 1E5  This form is part of the Application for Life Insurance for the Proposed Life
Insured(s).  Print and use black ink. Any changes must be initialed by the Proposed Life Insured(s) and/or Owner(s).
 Proposed Life Insured (Life One)  Proposed Life Insured (Life Two)  Name  First  Middle
 Last Name  First  Middle  Last  Name(s) of Owner(s)  Plan Name  Single Life  Majestic VUL 98  Majestic Performance VUL  Majestic VULX  Majestic
Variable COLI  Variable MasterPlan Plus  Survivorship Life  Majestic VEP 98  Majestic Performance Survivorship VUL  Majestic Survivorship VULX  Amount  1.
Base Sum Insured (BSI) or Base Face Amount (BFA) $  Additional Sum Insured (ASI) or Supplemental Face Amount (SFA) on Page
2.  Premiums  2. Frequency:  Annual  Semi-Annual  Quarterly  Monthly - (Automatic Deduction)  Other  Premium Notices and Correspondence  3. a) Send Premium Notices to: Owner(s) Life One Life Two Employer’s Address Other: Name & Address (details below)  Name
 Street
No. & Name, Apt No., City, State, Zip code  b) Send Correspondence to: Same as Premium Notices (as above) Other: Name
& Address (details below)  Name  Street No. & Name, Apt No., City, State, Zip code  Additional Benefits
 4. a) Life Insurance Qualification Test  Guideline Premium (GPT)  Cash Value Accumulation (CVAT)  Note: Elected test cannot be changed after the policy is issued. You may request an Illustration on both tests before making your
election.  b) Death Benefit Option  Option A/Option 1 (Face Amount)  Option B/Option 2 (Face Amount plus
Account/Policy Value)  Option M (Available on Majestic VUL 98 and Majestic VEP 98 if CVAT chosen) with calculation beginning
in policy year  NB5008US (M) NB5008US (01/2005) Page 1 of 5  M Proprietary Variable  Majestic Products  VERSION (11/2008) 



    Additional Sum
Insured (ASI), Supplemental Face Amount (SFA) and Premium Schedules  5. Additional Sum Insured(ASI)/Supplemental Face
Amount(SFA)  Check only one option below.  a) ASI/SFA of $  For Life of Policy  With Face Amount (TSI/TFA) of $ increasing by % or $ Per Year for Life of Policy or Policy Years  b) Customized Level or Increasing Schedule  List by policy year or years. ASI/SFA amount may not decrease.  Policy
Year(s) ASI/SFA Amount  to $(1)  to $(2)  to $(3)  to $(4)  to
$(5)  to $(6)  to $(7)  to $(8)  to $(9)  to $(10)  (If more space is required, complete and attach form NB5064.)  6. Planned Premium  a) $ annually for year(s)  Annual Increase of %  Additional first year Planned Premium
$  b) Customized Schedule List by policy year(s).  Policy Year(s) Planned
Premium Amount  to $(1)  to $(2)  to $(3)  to $(4)  to $(5)  to $(6)  to
$(7)  to $(8)  to $(9)  to $(10)  (If more space is required, complete and attach form NB5064.)  Majestic VUL
98, Majestic Variable COLI, Variable MasterPlan Plus, Majestic VEP 98  7. Living Care Benefit (for terminal illness, only
available on Majestic VUL 98 ) Enhanced Cash Value Rider  Premium Cost Recovery for  Life of Policy  Policy Years  Age 100 Waiver of Charges Rider (Not available on MVCOLI or VMPP)  Policy Split Option Rider (Only available on Majestic VEP 98)  Continuation of Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit Option after 10th Policy Year (Only available with Option A)  Other  Majestic VULX
 8. Return of Premium Death Benefit (with DB Option 1 only) Increase Rate  Yes %  No
 Percentage of Premiums to be returned at death  %  (Whole
numbers only. Maximum 100%)  Accelerated Benefit Rider Overloan Protection Rider Other  Majestic Performance VUL  9. Enhanced Surrender Value Rider  Extended No Lapse Guarantee (beyond Basic Period)  To Age  Period  Return of Premium Death Benefit (with DB Option 1 only)  Increase Rate  Yes % 
No  Percentage of Premiums to be returned at death  %  (Whole numbers only. Maximum 100%)  LifeCare Benefit Rider (Please complete form NB5018.) LifeCare Benefit Max (LMAX) Extension Rider  Accelerated Benefit Rider Other  NB5008US (M) NB5008US (01/2005) Page 2 of 5  M
Proprietary Variable Majestic Products  VERSION (11/2008) 



    Majestic
Survivorship VULX  10. Enhanced Cash Value Rider (Not available with GPT) Return of Premium Death Benefit (with DB Option 1
only) Increase Rate  Yes %  No  Percentage of Premiums to be returned at death  %  (Whole
numbers only. Maximum 100%)  Policy Split Option Rider Four Year Term (EPR) Overloan Protection Rider Other  Majestic Performance Survivorship VUL  11. Enhanced Cash Value Rider  Premium Cost Recovery for  Life of Policy  Policy Years  Survivorship Four Year Level Term Rider  Policy Split Option Rider  Other
 Additional Information - These questions apply to the OWNER(S) of the policy. All questions must be
answered.  12. a) If an additional or optional policy is being applied for in a separate application, state plan and amount.
 Plan name  $  b) Do you understand that you may need to pay premiums in addition to Planned Premium if the current
policy charges or actual investment performance are different from the assumptions used in your Illustration (assuming the requirements of any applicable guaranteed death benefit feature have not been satisfied)?  Yes  No
 13. Have you received a current prospectus (and any supplements) for the applicable policy?  Yes  No
 If Yes, date of prospectus(es) mmm dd yyyy  Date of John Hancock Trust prospectus mmm dd yyyy  (if applicable)
 Date of supplement(s) mmm dd yyyy  Date of supplement mmm dd yyyy  14. With the above in mind, does the policy
meet your insurance objectives and your anticipated financial needs?  Yes  No  Investor
Suitability Statements  15. I UNDERSTAND THAT UNDER THE APPLIED FOR POLICY:  (A) THE AMOUNT OF THE INSURANCE BENEFITS, OR THE DURATION OF THE INSURANCE COVERAGE, OR BOTH, MAY BE VARIABLE OR FIXED.  (B) THE AMOUNT OF THE INSURANCE BENEFITS, THE DURATION OF THE INSURANCE COVERAGE, AND THE POLICY/ACCOUNT VALUE, MAY INCREASE OR DECREASE
DEPENDING ON THE INVESTMENT EXPERIENCE OF THE CHOSEN INVESTMENT ACCOUNTS AND ARE NOT GUARANTEED AS TO DOLLAR AMOUNT. ILLUSTRATIONS OF BENEFITS, INCLUDING DEATH BENEFITS, POLICY/ACCOUNT VALUES AND CASH SURRENDER VALUES ARE AVAILABLE ON REQUEST.
 (C) THE ENTIRE INVESTMENT COULD BE LOST BECAUSE OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INVESTMENT FUND AND IN THE ABSENCE OF ADDITIONAL
PREMIUM PAYMENT, THE INSURANCE COVERAGE COULD LAPSE.  Telephone/Allocation Change Authorization  16. I understand and agree that: a) Telephone transfers and allocation changes will also be subject to the conditions of the policy, the
administrative requirements of The Company, and the provisions of the policy’s prospectus. b) The Company may act on telephone instructions from the Owner or from any such person, if the policy is jointly owned. The Company, its agents, or
representatives of employees who act on its behalf, will not be subject to any claim, liability, loss, expense or cost if it acted on good faith upon telephone instructions it reasonably believes to be genuine in reliance on this signed
authorization. The Company will employ reasonable procedures to confirm that the instructions communicated by telephone are genuine. Such procedures shall consist of confirming a valid telephone authorization form is on file and providing written
confirmation of tape recorded instructions. c) The Company, at its option alone and without prior or subsequent notice to the Owner(s), or any other person or representative of the Owner(s), may record all or part of any telephone conversation
containing telephone transfer and/or allocation change instructions.  d) All terms of authorization are binding upon the
agents, heirs and assignees of the Owner(s). e) This Telephone/Allocation Change Authorization will be effective until such time as (a) written revocation is received by The Company’s Service Office, or (b) The Company discontinues
this privilege, whichever occurs first.  Please check ( ) ONLY one box:  I authorize The Company to accept telephone instructions from me or any co-owner.  I authorize The Company to accept telephone instructions from me, any co-owner or our Registered Representative.  (Registered Representatives should contact their broker/dealer for procedures regarding this authorization.)  NB5008US (M) NB5008US (01/2005) Page 3 of 5  M Proprietary Variable Majestic
Products  VERSION (11/2008) 



    17. INVESTMENT
ALLOCATION OF NET PREMIUMS - Allocation must be whole numbers. Total must be 100%.  AGGRESSIVE GROWTH PORTFOLIOS 
% Science & Technology  % Pacific Rim  % Health Sciences  % Emerging Growth  % Small Cap Growth  % Emerging Small Company  % Small Cap  % Small Cap Index  % Mid Cap Stock  % Natural Resources  %
All Cap Growth  % Financial Services  % International Opportunities  % International Small Cap  % International Equity Index B  % Overseas Equity  % American International  % International Value  % International Core  % FIXED ACCOUNT *  %
ENHANCED YIELD FIXED ACCOUNT  NOTE: Liquidity restrictions apply when allocating funds to the Fixed Accounts.  * These are the only investment options available when the ENLG rider is selected on Majestic Performance VUL.  GROWTH PORTFOLIOS  % Mid Cap Index  % Mid Cap Intersection  % Global  %
Capital Appreciation  % American Growth  % Optimized All Cap  % All Cap Core  % Total Stock Market Index  % Blue Chip Growth  % U.S. Large Cap  % Core Equity  % Large Cap Value  % Classic Value  % Utilities  %
Global Real Estate  % Real Estate Securities  % Small Cap Opportunities  % Small Cap Value  % Small Company Value  % Mid Value  % Mid Cap Value  % Value  % All Cap Value  M FUNDS  % Brandes International Equity 
% Turner Core Growth  % Frontier Capital Appreciation  % Business Opportunity Value  OTHER PORTFOLIO  %  GROWTH & INCOME PORTFOLIOS  % 500 Index B  % Fundamental Value  % U.S. Core  % Large Cap  %
Optimized Value  % American Growth - Income  % Equity - Income  % American Blue Chip Income & Growth  % American Asset Allocation *  % Franklin Templeton Founding Allocation *  % Index Allocation *  % Income & Value  % Managed  %
Global Allocation  % Core Allocation Plus *  % Disciplined Diversification *  % Capital Appreciation Value * 
% PIMCO VIT All Asset  INCOME PORTFOLIOS  % High Yield  % U.S. High Yield Bond  % Strategic Bond  % Strategic Income  % Global Bond  % Investment Quality Bond  % Total Return  % American Bond  %
Real Return Bond  % Total Bond Market B  % Core Bond  % Active Bond  % U.S. Government Securities  % Short Term Bond  CONSERVATIVE PORTFOLIO  % Money Market B *  LIFESTYLE PORTFOLIOS  % Lifestyle Aggressive *  % Lifestyle
Growth *  % Lifestyle Balanced *  % Lifestyle Moderate *  % Lifestyle Conservative *  NB5008US (M) NB5008US (01/2005)  Page 4 of 5  M Proprietary Variable Majestic Products  VERSION (11/2008) 



    Allocation of
Monthly Charges  18. Please deduct the monthly charges from the following accounts (except Mortality and Expense Risk/Asset
based Risk charges).  Account No.  %  %  Check box and attach sheet with additional information, if necessary.  Owner(s) Signature(s)  Signed at  City  State  This  Day of  Year
 Signature of Witness/Registered Representative (as Witness)  x  Signature
of Owner  x  Signature of Owner  x  Agent/Registered Representative Certification - All Agents/Registered Representatives sharing commissions must sign this form.  I certify that a current prospectus (and any supplement) for the policy applied for has been given to the Proposed Life Insured(s), and to
the Owner(s) if other than the Proposed Life Insured(s).  Signature of Agent/Registered Representative  x  Signature
of Agent/Registered Representative  x  Signature of Agent/Registered Representative  x  Signature of Agent/Registered Representative  x  Signature of Agent/Registered Representative  x  Place and
Date  Place and Date  Place and Date  Place and Date  Place and Date  NB5008US (M) NB5008US (01/2005)  Page 5 of 5  M Proprietary Variable Majestic Products  VERSION (11/2008) 


↑TopFiling Submission 0001193125-08-129663   –   Alternative Formats (Word / Rich Text, HTML, Plain Text, et al.)
Copyright © 2017 Fran Finnegan & Company.  All Rights Reserved.About – Privacy – Redactions – Help —
Sat, 29 Jul 07:29:42.0 GMT 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










 












Homepage | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content
























Learn more about our MLK Scholars program








Check out how David Ortiz has been spending his time, and suggest what our #RetirementRookie should try next.












Products and Services











INSURANCE

John Hancock is dedicated to providing innovative life insurance solutions to help you address a variety of financial planning goals and needs.

Learn More
















INVESTMENTS

At John Hancock Investments, we build funds based on investor needs, then search the world to find proven portfolio teams with specialized expertise for every strategy we offer.

Learn More













RETIREMENT

John Hancock Retirement Plan Services can help you build a retirement plan program that puts participants first, providing you with the tools to address unique challenges and goals.

Learn More




































I Want To




                                    Contact John Hancock
                                



                                    Explore Tools and Calculators
                                



                                    Find a Form
                                



                                    Read Insights & Ideas
                                



                                    Search for Lost/Unclaimed Account/Policy
                                






















Recent Stories





5 Common Questions About Life Insurance

                                    Starting a family is one of the most exciting times in your life, but it can also feel overwhelming. You probably have questions, and that’s a good thing.
                                





4 Easy Ways to Kick-Start Your Retirement Savings

                                    Congratulations, you’ve got your 401(k) set up, and perhaps even an IRA or Roth IRA too. Your retirement planning is off to a great start. So now what?
                                





The Triple Squeeze: Planning for Retirement, Saving for College, and Caring for Aging Parents

                                    Right now, many Americans in their forties and fifties are experiencing what is known as “the triple squeeze.” Caring for their aged parents, planning for their own retirement, and saving for their children's college tuition-all while paying bills.
                                





4 Times When It’s Worth Re-Evaluating Your Life Insurance Coverage

                                    As you and your family grow older, there are many moments that might make you re-evaluate not only your investment strategy, but also how you’re protecting your family.

                                









Latest News


John Hancock introduces new Variable Universal Life Insurance with Vitality
Jul 25, 2017
John Hancock today launched a new Protection variable universal life product, Protection VUL that offers significantly lower premiums and cash value growth potential, giving consumers the...


Brian Heapps, Former Head of Signator Investors, Inc., Named President and Managing Partner of Edgewood Financial Network
Jul 18, 2017
Brian Heapps, CLU, ChFC, has been named managing partner and president of Edgewood Financial Network, it was announced by Edgewood's founder, Robert Mitchell. Heapps will take over the day-to-day...


Advisor Team Affiliates with VantagePointe Financial Group, LLC and Signator Investors, Inc.
Jul 12, 2017
A 17-member advisor team is affiliating with Signator Investors, Inc., bringing $1.1Billion in assets under management. The group, formerly Royal Securities Company of Grandville, MI, will remain...


VIEW ALL NEWS


























 












John Hancock | Safe Access Account













 
Skip to main content


























John Hancock Safe Access Account
At John Hancock, we understand how important financial choices can significantly impact your future. We help by opening in your name through the proceeds of a claim or settlement a John Hancock Safe Access Account that is an interest bearing checking account*. The account immediately begins to earn you interest compounded daily.
A personalized checkbook is provided for writing checks of any amount, up to the entire account balance. Funds can be kept in the account as long as desired without any monthly or annual fees. The account is guaranteed** by John Hancock, and will provide a convenient way to access your funds at any time while earning an attractive interest rate.
A welcome kit is sent in the mail that includes everything needed to begin using the John Hancock Safe Access Account:
Personalized Checkbook.
An initial supply of checks and additional checks may be ordered at no cost.
Confirmation Certificate.
An official notice of the opening balance and the current interest rate. It is recommended that this be saved for permanent records. The Terms and Conditions of the program are located on the back of the certificate.
John Hancock Safe Access Account Brochure.
The most important features of the account are explained in this brochure.
Download PDF »
Beneficiary Designation Card.
This card designates a person(s) who will receive the remaining account balance in the event of the accountholders death.
Download PDF »
Contact Information Change Request Card.
If the accountholder moves, this card may let us know of their new address and telephone number.
Download PDF »
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact our Client Services Team through our toll-free phone number at 1.800.248.6110. If you are calling outside the United States, please use 1.617.572.6000. Both lines are open on weekdays from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Eastern Time.
Features of the Safe Access Account Customer Website
 

 

View transaction history
 

Reorder checks
 

Place stop payments on checks
 

View new and old account statements
 

View interest paid YTD and last year















Access your Account

Register or login to access your account information. 

Visit Website














*A John Hancock Safe Access Account is not a bank account and is not insured by the FDIC or any other government agency.
 **Guarantees are dependent upon the claims-paying ability of the issuing company. Safe Access Account balances remain in John Hancock's general account and are subject to the claims of our creditors.


































John Hancock USA - About Us








About Us






John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (John Hancock USA) is committed to offering the highest quality annuity, life insurance, and pension products to our clients. Its family of products has been built around a powerful combination of investment options chosen with the goal of providing risk adjusted returns and broad diversification across asset classes, investment styles and asset managers. With John Hancock USA's broad product lines, competitive underwriting, excellent ratings and quality customer service, we are committed to providing premium products designed to help create and preserve wealth for our clients.
John Hancock USA is a subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation which trades as 'MFC' on the TSX, NYSE and PSE, and under '0945' on the SEHK. Manulife Financial can be found on the Internet at www.manulife.com
Previous











LEGAL
PRIVACY & SECURITY
CORPORATE WEBSITE
RECOMMENDED SETTINGS
CONTACT US
ABOUT US













 












Investments, Mutual Funds, ETFs | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content
























John Hancock Investments









Home


Individual


Products & Services


            Investments
        







 







John Hancock Investments is a premier asset manager representing one of America’s most trust brands, with a heritage of financial stewardship dating back to 1862. Helping our shareholders pursue their financial goals is at the core of everything we do. It’s why we support the role of professional financial advice and operate with the highest standards of conduct and integrity.


 
Our Investment Model


We build funds based on investor needs, then search the world to find proven portfolio teams with specialized expertise in those strategies. As manager of managers, we apply vigorous oversight to ensure that they continue to meet our uncompromising standards and serve the best interests of our shareholders.


Our Investment Products


Our unique approach to asset management enables us to provide a diverse set of investments. We manage open-end funds, closed-end funds, college savings assets, retirement plans and related party assets for individual and institutional investors.
Mutual funds
Exchange-traded funds
Closed-end funds
UCITS funds for non-U.S. investors
Managed accounts
College savings




Market Intelligence


A comprehensive review of the investment landscape across key markets and asset classes, updated quarterly

















Download the Market Intelligence iPad app


Explore interactive charts and take a guided view of this award-winning thought leadership.





Download App
							
						

















Already Have an Account?


Visit JHInvestments.com to log in and manage your funds.





JHInvestments.com
						
					





















John Hancock Funds, LLC   /   Member FINRA, SIPC   /   601 Congress Street   /   Boston, MA 02210-2805   /   800-225-5291   /   jhinvestments.com
 NOT FDIC INSURED. MAY LOSE VALUE. NO BANK GUARANTEE. NOT INSURED BY ANY GOVERNMENT AGENCY.














 












Insurance, Life Insurance, Vitality | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content


































Home


Individual


Products & Services


            Insurance
        







 







John Hancock Insurance


John Hancock is dedicated to providing innovative life insurance solutions designed to help you address a variety of financial planning needs. With more than 150 years of delivering on our promises and backed by strong financial ratings, John Hancock offers life insurance that can benefit you at all stages of life.






Visit Website
						
					






Why Do You Need Life Insurance?



Life insurance can be one of the most important purchases you will make. You want your family or business to be financially secure, to enjoy a comfortable retirement, and even leave a legacy for your children and grandchildren. No matter what your goals are, the unique tax benefits and features of life insurance can help you to achieve them. 


Types of Life Insurance
Choosing the right type of life insurance depends on your circumstances and financial goals. Life insurance policies are designed to pay a death benefit when someone dies, but there are usually two basic categories to meet your different needs - term and permanent. 
Term life insurance in general, provides death benefit protection for a specific period of time.
Permanent life insurance offers lifetime death benefit protection with a cash value component. This can mean lifetime peace of mind for you and your family.
Different types of permanent life insurance are usually categorized as follows: Universal Life Insurance, Indexed Universal Life Insurance, and Variable Universal Life Insurance. To find out what life insurance solution best meets your needs, visit JohnHancockInsurance.com.



















We believe that life insurance should reward you for healthy living. That's why we introduced life insurance with the John Hancock Vitality Program. It's an innovative solution that gives you the protection you need, along with premium savings up to 15% and rewards from national brands for the everyday things you do to stay healthy, like exercising, walking, and eating well. 















Already a Policyholder?


Log in and view your account.





Login
						
					






How Much Life Insurance Do You Need? 
This quick interactive tool will help you determine how much coverage is needed to help secure your financial future.






Find Out
							
						








Get a Quote Today!
With John Hancock, it's easy to get reliable term life insurance that gives you peace of mind. Get a quote online or call a Coverage Coach at 1-844-327-6850.





Get a Quote
							
						





























It’s Never Too Early to Think About the Future

                                    It might seem like your twenties is too early to start thinking about life insurance, but we disagree.
                                





5 Common Questions About Life Insurance

                                    Starting a family is one of the most exciting times in your life, but it can also feel overwhelming. You probably have questions, and that’s a good thing.
                                





Insuring a Long Life is More than a Policy

                                    Scott is at a stage of life that is full of new adventures and responsibilities, many of which bring new financial pressures for young families.
                                





Introducing Vitality Active Rewards with Apple Watch®

                                    What if you could earn Apple Watch just for being active? With John Hancock Vitality, now that’s possible. Learn More
                                













Vitality is the provider of the John Hancock Vitality Program in connection with policies issued by John Hancock. 
Premium savings are in comparison to the same John Hancock policy without the Vitality program. Annual premium savings will vary based upon policy type, the terms of the policy, and the level of the insured’s participation in the John Hancock Vitality program. 
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states. Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02210 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595. 
 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










 












Financial Professionals | John Hancock 













 
Skip to main content
























Helping you secure your clients’ financial future









Home


            Financial Professionals
        










 
Your clients trust you to bring them the advantages of a strong and solid financial leader. Our experience and expertise are here for you. Familiarize yourself with our suite of products to better serve your clients.
 





Our Products & Services
							
						








Tools & Calculators








                                    What's my Cash Flow Situation?
                                



                                    Required Minimum Distributions
                                



                                    Retirement Portfolio Lifespan
                                




























	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































