 



Fitch Affirms Outstanding Classes for John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B | Business Wire


























































      Fitch Affirms Outstanding Classes for John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B
    





May 17, 2016 05:28 PM Eastern Daylight Time



CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fitch Ratings affirms all outstanding classes of John Deere Owner Trust 
      2013-B at 'AAAsf'. The Rating Outlook is Stable. A full list of rating 
      actions follows at the end of this ratings action commentary.
    

      KEY RATING DRIVERS
    

      The affirmation of the remaining notes reflects loss coverage consistent 
      with the current ratings. The transaction has continued to perform 
      within Fitch's cumulative net loss (CNL) expectations to date. As of 
      April 2016 payment date, CNL for the 2013-B transaction stood at 26 
      basis points.
    

      RATING SENSITIVITIES
    

      Unanticipated increases in the frequency of defaults and loss severity 
      could produce loss levels higher than the current projected base case 
      loss expectations, subsequently impacting available loss coverage. Lower 
      loss coverage could impact ratings and rating outlooks, depending on the 
      extent of the decline in coverage. In Fitch's initial review of the 
      transaction, the notes were found to have limited sensitivity to 1.5x 
      and 2.5x higher of Fitch's base case loss expectations. Initial key 
      rating drivers and rating sensitivities are further described in the 
      presale report dated Aug. 26, 2013.
    

      To date, the transaction has exhibited strong performance with losses 
      within Fitch's initial expectations with rising loss coverage and 
      multiple levels. As a result, continued strong performance for the 
      transaction would most likely result in stable ratings. Conversely, a 
      material deterioration in performance would have to occur within the 
      asset pools to have potential negative impact on the outstanding ratings.
    

      Fitch's analysis of the Representations and Warranties (R&W) JDOT 2013-B 
      can be found in 'John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B - Appendix'. These R&W 
      are compared to those of typical R&W for the asset class as detailed in 
      the special report 'Representations, Warranties, and Enforcement 
      Mechanisms in Global Structured Finance Transactions' dated March 2, 
      2016.
    

      DUE DILIGENCE USAGE
    

      No third party due diligence was provided or reviewed in relation to 
      this rating action.
    

      Fitch has affirmed the following ratings:
    

      John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B
    

      --Class A-3 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable;
    

      --Class A-4 at 'AAAsf'; Outlook Stable.
    

      Additional information is available at www.fitchratings.com.
    

      Applicable Criteria
    

      Counterparty Criteria for Structured Finance and Covered Bonds (pub. 14 
      May 2014)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=744158


      Criteria for Rating U.S. Equipment Lease and Loan ABS (pub. 03 Dec 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=874138


      Criteria for Servicing Continuity Risk in Structured Finance (pub. 17 
      Dec 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=875586


      Global Structured Finance Rating Criteria (pub. 06 Jul 2015)
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=867952


      Related Research
    

      John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B -- Appendix
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/reports/report_frame.cfm?rpt_id=717206


      Additional Disclosures
    

      Dodd-Frank Rating Information Disclosure Form
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/creditdesk/press_releases/content/ridf_frame.cfm?pr_id=1004646


      Solicitation Status
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/gws/en/disclosure/solicitation?pr_id=1004646


      Endorsement Policy
    

https://www.fitchratings.com/jsp/creditdesk/PolicyRegulation.faces?context=2&detail=31


      ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND 
      DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING 
      THIS LINK: HTTP://FITCHRATINGS.COM/UNDERSTANDINGCREDITRATINGS. 
      IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE 
      AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. 
      PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS 
      SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS 
      OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES 
      AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF 
      THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE 
      RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR 
      RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY 
      CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH 
      WEBSITE.
    


Contacts

      Fitch RatingsSurveillance AnalystAndrew Tinari, 
      +1-312-368-3127Associate DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 
      W. Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orCommittee 
      ChairpersonHylton Heard, +1-212-908-0214Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com













Contacts

      Fitch RatingsSurveillance AnalystAndrew Tinari, 
      +1-312-368-3127Associate DirectorFitch Ratings, Inc.70 
      W. Madison StreetChicago, IL 60602orCommittee 
      ChairpersonHylton Heard, +1-212-908-0214Senior DirectororMedia 
      Relations:Sandro Scenga, New York, +1 212-908-0278sandro.scenga@fitchratings.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up















Welcome To Trust Investor Reporting



































Welcome
Guest

Sign In


User Guide


Release Notes

Contact Us






			    	Trust Investor Reporting
				



Search For Deals
 
		Inbox 
		
My Portfolio
New Deals
Cash Managed Loans







John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B 
	Back to Search Results








	                Privacy:
	            


Public




	            	Product Type:
	        	


ABS/MBS




	            	Termination Date:
	        	







	            	Recent Report Date:
	        	


01/17/2017









	                Contact:
	            


Savas Apostolakis




	            	Phone:
	        	


(312) 332-7420




	            	Email:
	        	


savas.apostolakis@usbank.com

















 
		       		Periodic Reports
		       	



						P & I Factors
				


Investor Notices















  Search 


						Select Product Type
							
ALL
ABS/MBSCDOCMBSWarehouse FacilityCorp/MuniLoan Note IssuanceDCSWTax LienCDOMOFSAIUnknownDoc MgmtDoc Mgmt

						Issuer Name(contains)
							
						Deal Name
							
						CUSIP
							

  
						





 Bulk Download  






You have not added any items to your bulk download list.















  Related Links 

Bondholder Services
Corporate Trust
Trust Resolution Center
TrustNow Essentials
SinglePoint





TIR Annual Certification
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy this is an annual review of users authorized to access private deals/entitlements on the Trust Investor Reporting application.  You are being directed to this page as you are listed as a user who has access to one or more of these deals.  Please review the access listed below and respond accordingly whether access is still required.  If you do not complete this review your access access will be removed.  The due date for this review is October 31st. Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.





Deal Name
Access valid until
Date Certified
Date Declined
Accept
Decline








Expiration of Deal Access
In compliance with U.S. Bank policy, access to all private deals on the Trust Investor Reporting (TIR) website requires annual recertification.  This year's annual recertification period began on October 1st and concluded on October 31st.  Access has now been removed for any private deal for which you did not recertify during this period.  If you require access to any such deal, please submit a new request for access through its deal page.  Your recertification status can always be found on the Certification link at the top of the website.Please direct any questions or concerns to the Technology Service Center at 1-866-252-4360. Representatives are available to help you 24 hours a day, Monday through Friday.



© 2017 U.S. Bancorp
Member FDIC
© 2017 American Bankers Association.  CUSIP Database provided by Standard & Poors Financial Services LLC.  All rights reserved
Prod3


Privacy Pledge
Terms of Service / Legal Agreement
















 





John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









John Deere - Wikipedia






















 






John Deere

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the company. For the person, see John Deere (inventor). For the tractor, see List of John Deere tractors.

Deere & Company





John Deere World Headquarters in Moline, Illinois




Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: DE
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Heavy equipment


Founded
Grand Detour, Illinois
(1837; 180 years ago (1837))[1]


Founder
John Deere


Headquarters
Moline, Illinois, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Samuel R. Allen
(CEO and President)


Products
Agriculture, Construction, Forestry, Consumer & Commercial equipment, Diesel engines, Automobiles


Services
Financial services


Revenue
 US$26.644 billion (2016)[2]



Operating income

 US$2.988 billion (2016)[2]



Net income

 US$1.524 billion (2016)[2]


Total assets
 US$57.981 billion (2016)[2]


Total equity
 US$6.520 billion (2016)[2]



Number of employees

56,767 (2016)[2]


Website
www.deere.com


Deere & Company (brand name John Deere) is an American corporation that manufactures agricultural, construction, and forestry machinery, diesel engines, drivetrains (axles, transmissions, gearboxes) used in heavy equipment, and lawn care equipment. In 2016, it was listed as 97th in the Fortune 500 America's ranking and was ranked 364th in the global ranking in 2016.[3][4] John Deere also provides financial services and other related activities.
Deere is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol DE.[5] The company's slogan is "Nothing Runs Like a Deere", and its logo is a leaping deer, with the words 'JOHN DEERE' under it. The logo has been used by the company for over 155 years.



Contents


1 19th century
2 20th century
3 21st century
4 Products

4.1 Agricultural equipment
4.2 Construction equipment
4.3 Forestry equipment
4.4 Other products


5 Factories
6 Equipment divisions
7 Subsidiaries and affiliates

7.1 Current
7.2 Former


8 Pop culture
9 Sponsorships
10 Controversies
11 Green Magazine
12 See also
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



19th century[edit]



This section needs additional citations for verification. (April 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Deere & Company began when John Deere, born in Rutland, Vermont, USA on February 7, 1804, moved to Grand Detour, Illinois in 1836 to escape bankruptcy in Vermont. Already an established blacksmith, Deere opened a 1,378-square-foot (128 m2) shop in Grand Detour in 1837, which allowed him to serve as a general repairman in the village, as well as a manufacturer of small tools such as pitchforks and shovels. Small tools production was just a start; the item that set him apart, was the self-scouring steel plow, which was pioneered in 1837 when John Deere fashioned a Scottish steel saw blade into a plow. Prior to Deere's steel plow, most farmers used iron or wooden plows to which the rich Midwestern soil stuck, so had to be cleaned frequently. The smooth-sided steel plow solved this problem, and greatly aided migration into the American Great Plains in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The traditional way of doing business was to make the product as and when it was ordered. This style was very slow, As Deere realized that this was not going to be a viable business model, he increased the rate of production by manufacturing plows before putting them up for sale; this allowed customers to not only see what they were buying beforehand, but also allowed his customers to purchase his products straight away. Word of his products began to spread quickly.
In 1842, Deere entered a business partnership with Leonard Andrus and purchased land for the construction of a new, two-story factory along the Rock River in Illinois. This factory, named the "L. Andrus Plough Manufacturer", produced about 100 plows in 1842 and around 400 plows during the next year. Deere's partnership with Andrus ended in 1848, and Deere relocated to Moline, Illinois, to have access to the railroad and the Mississippi River. There, Deere formed a partnership with Robert Tate and John Gould and built a 1,440-square-foot (134 m2) factory the same year. Production rose quickly, and by 1849, the Deere, Tate & Gould Company was producing over 200 plows a month. A two-story addition to the plant was built, allowing further production.




Company logo used between 1876 and 1912


Deere bought out Tate and Gould's interests in the company in 1853, and was joined in the business by his son Charles Deere. At that time, the company was manufacturing a variety of farm equipment products in addition to plows, including wagons, corn planters, and cultivators. In 1857, the company's production totals reached almost 1,120 implements per month. In 1858, a nationwide financial recession took a toll on the company. To prevent bankruptcy, the company was reorganized and Deere sold his interests in the business to his son-in-law, Christopher Webber, and his son, Charles Deere, who would take on most of his father's managerial roles. John Deere served as president of the company until 1886. The company was reorganized again in 1868, when it was incorporated as Deere & Company. While the company's original stockholders were Charles Deere, Stephen Velie, George Vinton, and John Deere, Charles effectively ran the company. In 1869, Charles began to introduce marketing centers and independent retail dealers to advance the company's sales nationwide. This same year, Deere & Company won "Best and Greatest Display of Plows in Variety" at the 17th Annual Illinois State Fair, for which it won $10 and a Silver Medal.[6]
The core focus remained on the agricultural implements, but John Deere apparently also made a few bicycles in the 1890s.[citation needed]
20th century[edit]




John Deere Plow & Cultivators Co.'s New Orleans House, 1903


Increased competition during the early 1900s from the new International Harvester Company led the company to expand its offerings in the implement business, but the production of gasoline tractors came to define Deere & Company's operations during the 20th century.




Company logo used between 1912 and 1936


In 1912, Deere & Company president William Butterworth (Charles' son-in-law), who had replaced Charles Deere after his death in 1907, began the company's expansion into the tractor business. Deere & Company briefly experimented with its own tractor models, the most successful of which was the Dain All-Wheel-Drive, but in the end decided to continue its foray into the tractor business by purchasing the Waterloo Gasoline Engine Company in 1918, which manufactured the popular Waterloo Boy tractor at its facilities in Waterloo, Iowa. Deere & Company continued to sell tractors under the Waterloo Boy name until 1923, when the John Deere Model D was introduced. The company continues to manufacture a large percentage of its tractors in Waterloo, Iowa, namely the 7R, 8R, and 9R series.
The company produced its first combine harvester, the John Deere No. 2, in 1927. A year later, this innovation was followed up by the introduction of John Deere No. 1, a smaller machine that was more popular with customers. By 1929, the No. 1 and No. 2 were replaced by newer, lighter-weight harvesters. In the 1930s, John Deere and other farm equipment manufacturers began developing hillside harvesting technology. Harvesters now had the ability to effectively use their combines to harvest grain on hillsides with up to a 50% slope gradient.[7]
On an episode of the Travel Channel series Made in America that profiled Deere & Company, host John Ratzenberger stated that the company never repossessed any equipment from American farmers during the Great Depression.[8]
During World War II, the great-grandson of John Deere, Charles Deere Wiman, was president of the company, but he accepted a commission as a colonel in the U.S. Army. A replacement was hired and before returning to work at the company in late 1944, Wiman directed the farm machinery and equipment division of the War Production Board.[9] In addition to farm machinery, John Deere manufactured military tractors, and transmissions for the M3 tank. They also made aircraft parts, ammunition, and mobile laundry units to support the war effort.[10]
In 1947, John Deere introduced its first self-propelled combine, the model 55. It was soon followed by the smaller models 40 and 45, the larger model 95, and an even larger model 105 was introduced in the 1960s. In the mid-1950s, Deere introduced attachable corn heads, allowing crop producers to cut, shell, and clean corn in one smooth operation.[7]
In 1956, Deere & Company bought-out the German tractor manufacturer, Heinrich Lanz AG (see Lanz Bulldog).




A John Deere-Lanz 700 tractor


On August 30, 1960, John Deere dealers from around the world converged on Dallas, Texas, for an unprecedented product showcase. Deere Day in Dallas, as the event was called, introduced the world to the "New Generation of Power", the company’s first modern four-cylinder and six-cylinder tractors, during a day packed with high-tech presentations, live demonstrations, and a parking lot full of brand-new green and yellow machines. The line of tractors introduced that day was five years in the making, and the event itself took months to plan. Deere chose Dallas to host the event partly because it was home to facilities large enough to accommodate the 6,000 guests and the equipment they were all there to see. The Dallas Memorial Auditorium, the Texas State Fairgrounds Coliseum, the Cotton Bowl, and the Cotton Bowl parking lot were each the site of part of the event. During the event, a new John Deere tractor with a diamond-covered nameplate was displayed for all to see inside Neiman-Marcus, a popular Dallas-based department store.
According to information released by the company at the time of the event, John Deere dealers and key employees came to Dallas via the "largest commercial airlift of its type ever attempted." During the 24 hours leading up to the event, 16 airlines brought Deere employees and sales people from all over the United States and Canada to Love Field in Dallas. Bill Hewitt, then chairman and CEO of Deere & Company, welcomed the dealers and introduced the new tractors. Hewitt told the guests they were about to see "a line of entirely new tractors – completely modern in every respect – with outstanding features not duplicated in any other make of tractor."
Since entering the tractor business in 1918, John Deere had focused on two-cylinder machines. The New Generation of Power introduced at Deere Day in Dallas was very different from anything Deere had built before. The new line of four- and six-cylinder tractors, the models 1010, 2010, 3010, and 4010, were more far more powerful than Deere's two-cylinder models, and also easier and more comfortable to operate, with conveniently located controls, better visibility, and improved seat suspension. These new tractors were also easier to service.[11]
The 4010 was rated at 80 horsepower in 1960, but tested at 84 horsepower during testing trials, making it one of the most powerful two-wheel-drive farm tractors at that time. The 4010 was the predecessor to the 4020, which is widely regarded as the most popular tractor ever produced by John Deere, and perhaps any tractor manufacturer in the United States. Although the 4020, which was available with Deere's optional Power Shift, enjoyed greater popularity, the 4010 moved John Deere into the modern era of farm tractor technology and design following its successful history as a tractor manufacturer that was by the late 1950s experiencing waning market share due to its outdated technology.
In addition to the advanced engine technology, the "10" series tractors offered many other upgrades from the older two-cylinder models they replaced, including significantly higher horsepower-to-weight ratio, advanced hydraulics, more convenient and comfortable operator stations, and many other improvements. Of the "10" series John Deere tractors introduced in 1960, the 4010 was by far the most popular, with more than 58,000 units sold from 1960 to 1963. The success of the "10" series John Deere tractors, led by the 4010, helped propel John Deere from a 23% market share in 1959 to 34% by 1964 when the 4020 was introduced, making it the top manufacturer of farm equipment in the United States.[12][13][14]
In 1972, Deere introduced its new 'Sound Idea' tractors, the 4030, 4230, 4430, and 4630. While these tractors were mechanically similar to the New Generation tractors they replaced, and the 4230, 4430, and 4630 used a 404-cubic-inch displacement engine like the 4020, they featured redesigned sheet metal and most importantly they were available with an optional completely integrated operator's cab that John Deere called the Sound Gard body. This insulated cab that included a roll-over protective structure had a distinctive rounded windshield and came equipped with heat and air conditioning, as well as speakers for an optional radio. An 8-track tape player was also available as an option. The 5020 was replaced by the very similar 6030 and continued in production with New Generation styling until 1977 when the 30 Series tractors were replaced by Deere's 'Iron Horse' series that included the 90-hp 4040, 110-hp 4240, 130-hp 4440, 150-HP 4640, and 180-hp 4840. The 4240, 4440, 4640, and 4840 featured a new 466-cubic-inch displacement engine, and improvements to the cab including an optional hydraulic seat for a smoother ride. The Sound Gard body and Power Shift transmission were standard equipment on the 4840.
In 1983, Deere introduced the 4050, 4250, 4450, 4650, and 4850. These tractors were essentially the same machines as the Iron Horses they replaced, but with significant upgrades. They offered a new 15-speed Power Shift transmission, and were available with optional mechanical front-wheel drive featuring caster action for better traction and a tighter turning radius. They also featured cosmetic upgrades, including a new light brown cab interior, not the black interior on previous models. These tractors were followed by the mechanically similar 55 and 60 series tractors before they were replaced by the Deere's completely redesigned 7000 and 8000 series tractors in the early 1990s.
In the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), John Deere, listed as Deere and Company, claimed a total work force of 35,000, of which 9,000 were in Illinois. The corporate headquarters were located at 1325 Third Ave. in Moline, Illinois, with six manufacturing plants located around that city and a seventh plant in Hoopston, Illinois. The six plants in Moline were listed as:

John Deere Harvester Works at 1100 - 13th Ave., East Moline, where 3,000 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Industrial Equipment Works at 301 Third Ave., Moline, where 500 employees made earth-moving equipment
John Deere Malleable Works at 1335-13th Street, East Moline, where 600 employees made malleable and nodular iron castings
John Deere Planter Works at 501 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,000 employees made agricultural implements *John Deere Plow Works at 1225 Third Ave., Moline, where 1,100 employees made agricultural implements
John Deere Spreader Works at 1209-13th Ave., Moline where 800 employees made agricultural implements

The John Deere Vermilion Works was located at North Sixth Ave., Hoopston, Illinois, where 140 employees were listed as making iron work and implement parts. Moline, with 42,705 residents in 1962, had the local 7,000 employees of John Deere represent 16% of the city's entire population.[15]
In 1969, John Deere followed its New Generation tractors of the 1960s with a New Generation of combines. These included the 3300, 4400, 6600, and 7700. These models were also the first to come with Quik-Tatch header mounting capabilities as standard equipment. In the 1980s, these combines were followed by the 4420, 6620, 7720, and 8820 that were essentially updated and improved versions of the previous models with larger capacity, a nicer cab, and easier maintenance and service. The 4420 was discontinued in 1984 and replaced by the 4425 combine imported from Germany, and the 6620, 7720, and 8820 received the Titan II updates.
In 1989, Deere replaced the 6620, 7720, and 8820 with a new line of completely redesigned 'Maximizer' combines that included the 9400, 9500, and 9600 walker combines. These combines were completely redesigned and featured a center-mounted cab, rear-mounted engine, and more comforts in the cab. Also in 1989, Deere was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame. In 1997, Deere celebrated 50 years of self-propelled combine production, and the 1997 models featured a 50th-anniversary decal. In 1998, the 9410, 9510, and 9610 were introduced. These were essentially the same machines, but with minor upgrades. Deere dealers offered '10 series' upgrades to owners of older 9000 series Maximizer combines. In 1999, Deere introduced the 50 series Maximizer combines. These machines featured significant cosmetic upgrades including a more streamlined appearance, improved ergonomics in the cab, PTO shaft-style header hook-up, and the larger models were available as rotary machines which were a complete departure from the combines that Deere had built in the past.[16]
In the late 1970s, International Harvester had pioneered rotary combines with their Axial flow machines, and were soon followed by other manufacturers, but Deere continued to build only conventional walker combines through the 1980s and 1990s. In 1999, John Deere introduced the Single-Tine Separation (STS) system on its 9550, 9650, and 9750 combines, representing a step forward in rotary combine technology. The STS system uses less horsepower and improves material handling.[7]
21st century[edit]
As of 2014[update], Deere & Company employed about 67,000 people worldwide, of which half are in the United States and Canada, and is the largest agriculture machinery company in the world. In August 2014, the company announced it was indefinitely laying off 600 of its workers at plants in Illinois, Iowa, and Kansas due to less demand for its products.[17] Inside the United States, the company's primary locations are its administrative center in Moline, Illinois, and manufacturing factories in central and southeastern United States.[18] As of 2016[update], the company experiments with an electric farm tractor.[19]
The logo of the leaping deer has been used by this company for over 155 years. Over the years, the logo has had minor changes and pieces removed. Some of the older style logos have the deer leaping over a log.[20][21] The company uses different logo colors for agricultural vs. construction products. The company's agricultural products are identifiable by a distinctive shade of green paint, with the inside border being yellow. While the construction products are identifiable by a shade of black with the deer being yellow, and the inside border also being yellow.
Products[edit]
John Deere manufactures a wide range of products, with several models of each in many cases.
Agricultural equipment[edit]
Agricultural products include, among others, tractors, combine harvesters, cotton harvesters, balers, planters/seeders, silage machines, and sprayers.
See also: List of John Deere tractors







Tractor









Tracked tractor (9630T)









FEL attachment









Combine









Forage harvester









Cotton picker









Sugarcane harvester









Seed drill









Field sprayer









Telescopic handler









Horse drawn manure spreader




Construction equipment[edit]
Construction equipment includes:







Excavator









Loader









Tracked loader









Backhoe









Skid-steer









Grader




Forestry equipment[edit]
John Deere manufactures a range of forestry machinery, among others, harvesters, forwarders, skidders. feller bunchers and log loaders. Timberjack is a subsidiary of John Deere since 2000.







Harvester









Forwarder









Skidder




Other products[edit]
The company manufactures lawn mowers and also is a manufacturer of consumer and commercial equipment, and snow throwers, as well as a supplier of diesel engines and powertrains (axles, transmissions, etc.) used especially in heavy equipment.[citation needed]
Other products were/are snowmobiles, all-terrain vehicles, and StarFire (a wide-area differential GPS).
John Deere leasing has expanded to non-equipment loans and as of 2017, it is the leading division of John Deere and with loan portfolio of $2 billion, accounts for a third of John Deere's income.[22]







Lawn mower









UTV (Gator)









Diesel engine




Factories[edit]




The John Deere Pavilion in Moline, Illinois






Horicon Works in Horicon, Wisconsin






John Deere factory in Mannheim, Germany






John Deere representatives at the Encuentro Empresarial Coparmex in Chihuahua, Mexico.






New John Deere tractors on a barge, Mannheim Harbour


Major North American factories include:

Harvester Works (large combine harvesters) East Moline, Illinois
Cylinder Internal Platform (hydraulic cylinders) Moline, Illinois
Seeding Group (planting equipment) Moline, Illinois and Valley City, North Dakota
Davenport Works (wheel loaders, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, wheeled forestry equipment) Davenport, Iowa
Dubuque Works (backhoes, crawlers, skid-steer loaders, tracked forestry equipment) Dubuque, Iowa
Des Moines Works (tillage equipment, cotton harvesters, sprayers) Ankeny, Iowa
Ottumwa Works (hay and forage equipment) Ottumwa, Iowa
Thibodaux Works (cane-harvesting equipment, scrapers) Thibodaux, Louisiana
Horicon Works (lawn and garden and turf care) Horicon, Wisconsin
Augusta Works (small commercial and agricultural tractors) Augusta, Georgia
Turf Care (specialty golf equipment and commercial mowing) Fuquay Varina, North Carolina
Industrias John Deere (agricultural tractors; construction equipment) (Monterrey, Mexico)
Motores John Deere (power systems; 6- and 4-cylinder engines, heavy-duty axles) Torreon, Mexico
Coffeyville Works (transmissions, pump drives, planetaries) Coffeyville, Kansas
Waterloo Works (tractor, cab, and assembly operations, drivetrain operations, foundry operations, service parts operations) Waterloo, Iowa
Power Systems and Engine Works (power systems and engines) Waterloo, Iowa

Other important factories:

John Deere Usine Saran (power systems), Fleury-les-Aubrais, France
John Deere Argentina (engines, tractors, and combine harvesters), Granadero Baigorria, Santa Fe, Argentina
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors) Pune, India
John Deere Equipment Pvt Ltd (5000-series tractors), Dewas, India
John Deere Electronic solutions, Pune, India
John Deere Harvester Works, Sirhind-Fategarh, India
John Deere Werke Mannheim (6000-series tractors), Mannheim, Germany
John Deere Brasil: Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul (tractors), Horizontina - RS (harvesters and planters), Catalão - GO (sugarcane harvesters)
John Deere Werke Zweibrücken (harvesting equipment) Zweibrücken, Germany
John Deere Fabriek Horst (pulled and self-propelled agricultural sprayers) Horst, The Netherlands
John Deere Forestry Oy (forwarders, wheeled harvesters) Joensuu, Finland
John Deere Reman[23] remanufacturing components for off-highway vehicles: facilities in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada (cylinders, axles, transmissions, pumps, hydraulic and powertrain components) and Springfield, Missouri, USA (engines, fuel systems, turbochargers).
Sabo (consumer and commercial lawn equipment) Gummersbach, Germany





John Deere Combine harvesters being transported by railway on goods wagons in Tyrone, Pennsylvania, in the United States


Equipment divisions[edit]


Name
City/State
Country
Products
Division
Comments


Industrias John Deere Argentina S.A.
Santa Fe
Argentina
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Limited Parts Distribution Center
Derrimut, Victoria
Australia
 
Agriculture
 


Auteq Telematica S.A.
São Paulo
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Catalão
Catalão (GO)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Horizontina
Horizontina (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda. - Unidade Montenegro
Montenegro (RS)
Brazil
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Harbin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Jiamusi, Heilongjiang
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Ningbo) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Zhenhai District, Ningbo
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Agriculture Machinery Co., Ltd.
Tianjin
China
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Usine d'Arc-les-Gray, France
Gray Cedex
France
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Bruchsal
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Mannheim
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


Maschinenfabrik Kemper GmbH & Co.KG
Stadtlohn
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere GmbH & Co. KG
Zweibruecken
Germany
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Equipment Private Ltd.
Dist. Pune - 412208 Maharashtra
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Private Limited
Patiala Punjab 147 001
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere India Pvt. Ltd.
Dewas (Madhya Pradesh)
India
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere BH Works Ltd
Park Zvaim
Israel
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Monterrey, N.L.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


Industrias John Deere, S.A. de C.V.
Zona Centro, Saltillo, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ramos
Ramos Arizpe, Coah.
Mexico
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Fabriek Horst B.V.
Horst
Netherlands
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Domodedovo
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Orenburg
Orenburg
Russia
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ibérica, S.
Madrid
Spain
 
Agriculture
 


The Vapormatic Company Ltd.
Exeter
United Kingdom
 
Agriculture
 


NavCom Technology, Inc.
Torrance, CA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Cylinder Internal Platform
Moline, IL
United States
Cylinder manufacturing
Agriculture
 


John Deere Harvester Works
East Moline, IL
United States
Large combine harvesters
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
East Moline, IL
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Des Moines Works
Ankeny, IA
United States
Sprayers, cotton harvesters, and tillage equipment
Agriculture
 


John Deere Ottumwa Works
Ottumwa, IA
United States
Baling technology
Agriculture
 


John Deere Paton
Paton, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Intelligent Solutions Group - Urbandale
Urbandale, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Tractor, Cab, and Assembly Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
6R, 7R, 8R/8RT, and 9R/9RT Series tractors
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Drivetrain Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Transmissions, drives, and axle machining and assembly
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Service Parts Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
Tractor service parts
Agriculture
 


John Deere Waterloo Works - Foundry Operations
Waterloo, IA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Thibodaux
Thibodaux, LA
United States
 
Agriculture
 


John Deere Seeding Group
Valley City, ND
United States
 
Agriculture
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Pty. Ltd
Melton, Victoria
Australia
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Brazil Ltda.
Lado Direito Indaiatuba – São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere Hitachi
Indaiatuba, São Paulo
Brazil
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Specialty Products (DHSP) — Langley
Langley, British Columbia
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Edmonton
Alberta
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Equipment Canada, Ltd.
Kamloops, BC
Canada
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere (Tianjin) Company Limited
Tianjin
China
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Forestry — Joensuu, Finland
Joensuu
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah OM Oy
Joensuu, Finland
Finland
 
Construction and forestry
 


Ashok Leyland John Deere Construction Equipment Pvt. Ltd.
Tamil Nadu
India
 
Construction and forestry
 


Industrias John Deere S.A. de C.V.
Garza Garcia, Nuevo Leon
Mexico
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah NZ Ltd.
Tokoroa Waikato
New Zealand
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Domodedovo
Moscow
Russia
 
Construction and forestry
 


Bell Equipment Limited
Empangeni
South Africa
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC.
Peachtree City, GA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Construction & Forestry Company
Moline, IL
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Davenport Works
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Training Center - Davenport
Davenport, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Dubuque Works
Dubuque, IA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


John Deere Reman — Springfield
Springfield, MO
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Deere-Hitachi Construction Machinery Corp.
Kernersville, NC
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


Waratah Forestry Attachment, LLC
Kelso, WA
United States
 
Construction and forestry
 


SABO - Maschinenfabrik GmbH
Gummersbach
Germany
 
Turf
 


John Deere Commercial Products
Grovetown, GA
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Turf Care
Fuquay-Varina, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Training Center - Morrisville
Morrisville, NC
United States
 
Turf
 


Transaxle Manufacturing of America Corporation
Rock Hill, SC
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Power Products
Greeneville, TN
United States
 
Turf
 


John Deere Horicon Works
Horicon, WI
United States
 
Turf
 


Subsidiaries and affiliates[edit]
Current[edit]

AGRIS Corporation (John Deere Agri Services)




John Deere 8530 tractor with Kinze 3700 planter



John Deere Ag Management Solutions (intelligent mobile equipment technologies) Urbandale, Iowa
John Deere Capital Corporation
John Deere Financial[24] (John Deere Credit and Finance) Johnston, Iowa.
Kemper (row tolerant headers for forage harvesters and combines) Stadtlohn, Germany
Waratah Forestry Attachments (forestry harvesting heads) Tokoroa, New Zealand
Agreentech
NavCom Technology, Inc. (precision positioning systems, see also StarFire) Torrance, California
John Deere Electronic Solutions (Ruggedized electronics) Fargo, North Dakota
Ningbo Benye Tractor & Automobile Manufacture Co. Ltd. (low HP tractors) Ningbo, China
Machinefinder (used equipment division and marketplace)
John Deere Technology Innovation Center located in Research Park, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
QCFS and Consolidating (attachment distribution center) Davenport, IA

Former[edit]

John Deere Renewables, LLC, a wind energy plant manufacturing arm which represented John Deere's extension into the renewable energy industry - under which it had successfully completed 36 projects in eight US states - was sold to Exelon Energy in August 2010.[25]

Pop culture[edit]

Joe Diffie released a song in 1993 called "John Deere Green", a top-five hit.
Kenny Chesney released a song in 1999 called "She Thinks my Tractor's Sexy" referencing John Deere Tractors, saying "She ain't into cars or pick up trucks,

But if it runs like a Deere, man, her eyes light up"

George Jones famously drove a John Deere lawn tractor to a liquor store after his wife had taken away his car keys to keep him from driving drunk. The incident was later memorialized as part of country music lore in numerous songs and videos, including Jones’ own “Honky Tonk Song” in 1996. Twelve years earlier, the video for Hank Williams Jr.’s “All My Rowdy Friends Are Coming Over Tonight” featured George Jones riding a lawnmower. Vince Gill’s 1993 hit “One More Last Chance” includes the line, “She might have took my car keys, but she forgot about my old John Deere.” The video ends with Gill on a John Deere tractor passing Jones on a John Deere lawnmower. The video for John Rich’s “Country Done Come to Town” also features Jones on a riding lawnmower.[26]

Sponsorships[edit]

The John Deere Classic is an American professional golf tournament sponsored by the company.
John Deere sponsored the #23 and #97 cars for NASCAR driver Chad Little in the late 1990s.[27]

Controversies[edit]
Some groups, including the Electronic Frontier Foundation,[28][29] have taken issue with the fact that John Deere's license covering the internal software on tractor control computers does not allow them to modify the software and that John Deere claims doing so would be DMCA forbidden bypassing of DRM.[30] John Deere locks tractors digitally under usage of the DMCA DRM-law to prevent the DIY repairing by the owning farmers, stating safety concerns as reason.[31]
Green Magazine[edit]
Green Magazine is a publication devoted to John Deere enthusiasts[32][33] which began in November 1984 by Richard and Carol Hain of Bee, Nebraska. The first issue mailed in early November 1984 to 135 paid subscribers consisted of 10 black and white pages with features on tractors, letters from readers, and advertisements.[34] At the time, the magazine was published bimonthly. The writing was done in Lincoln, Nebraska, and it was mailed from the Bee, Nebraska, post office. The magazine grew rapidly, and in 1990, bowing to public demand, the magazine became a monthly. Circulation continued to increase, and at the current time hovers around 30,000. The magazine now generally contains 88 full-color pages and is perfect bound. It is now printed in Michigan and mailed from several different post offices throughout the country.
Current content usually includes a "Tip of the Month" article covering New Generation restoration written by Dan Brotzman, a "Youngtimer" article written by Tyler Buchheit, "Shop Talk" by Ron and JoAnn O'Neill, "Saw it On eBay" by Adam Smith and Benjamin Hain, "Scale Models" by Bill Proft, "What's New and Old" by Greg Stephen, "Feature Model" by Benjamin Hain, "Do You Have One of These" by Richard Hain, and "Mr. Thinker", which is said to be written by "a variety of experts".
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Agriculture and Agronomy portal



John Deere World Headquarters
List of John Deere tractors
John Deere Buck

References[edit]


^ VanderMey, Anne (February 25, 2013). "John Deere Plows Ahead". Fortune. 167 (3): 19. 
^ a b c d e f https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/DE/financials?p=DE
^ "Fortune 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ "Global 500". Fortune. Retrieved 2016-08-31. 
^ https://www.nyse.com/quote/XNYS:DE, retrieved 2014-07-22.
^ Reynolds, John P. "Transactions of the Illinois State Agricultural Society, with Reports from County and District Agricultural Societies", Illinois Journal Printing Office, 1871, pg. 43,
^ a b c "A Brief Look at John Deere Combine History: 86 Years of Evolution". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Pure genius: the inventor's hall of fame. Independent.co.uk (2008-02-22). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ "John Deere War Hero's Recognized for Patriotism". blog.machinefinder.com. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "Agricultural Machinery during the 1940s". livinghistoryfarm.org. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ "A Big Day for Deere" (PDF). The Plowshare. 14: 1–6. 27 March 2009. Retrieved 2016-02-07. 
^ Peter Easterlund. "TractorData.com John Deere 4010 tractor information". tractordata.com. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 2015-06-22. Retrieved 2016-01-11. 
^ "John Deere 4010". agriculture.com. 
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc. Chicago, IL, copyright 1962, p. 1503, 1594–1595
^ http://farmindustrynews.com/show-me-rotaries
^ "Hit by weak crop prices Deere to lay off 600 manufacturing staff". Chicago Chronicle. 15 August 2014. Retrieved 2014-08-15. 
^ John Deere worldwide
^ "John Deere unveils latest all-electric tractor prototype for zero-emission agriculture". Electrek. 5 December 2016. Retrieved 5 December 2016. 
^ "John Deere History". www.deere.com. Retrieved 2015-04-06. 
^ History of the John Deere Trademark Trademarks
^ Nosowitz, Dan (24 July 2017). "John Deere Is the 5th Largest Agricultural Bank in the Country". Modern Farmer (magazine). Retrieved 28 July 2017. 
^ John Deere Reman Homepage Archived 2009-07-24 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com (2009-03-20). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ John Deere Credit is your source for equipment financing solutions - John Deere Credit, U.S.A Archived 2008-12-09 at the Wayback Machine.. Deere.com. Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ Deere Reaches Agreement for Sale of Wind Energy Business. Deere.com (2010-08-31). Retrieved on 2011-01-03.
^ http://www.savingcountrymusic.com/george-jones-his-notorious-riding-lawnmower/
^ "Chad Little Sprint Cup All Star race results". Racing Reference. Retrieved 2014-06-09. 
^ Automakers Say You Don’t Really Own Your Car on eff.org (April 2015)
^ John Deere Really Doesn’t Want You to Own That Tractor on eff.org by Kit Walsh (December 20, 2016)
^ Wiens, Kyle (21 April 2015). "We Can’t Let John Deere Destroy the Very Idea of Ownership". Wired. Retrieved 2015-04-27. 
^ Sydell, Laura (2015-08-17). "DIY Tractor Repair Runs Afoul Of Copyright Law". npr.com. Retrieved 2015-08-31. And the little computer screen lets him know when something is wrong. Unfortunately, Alford isn't allowed to fix it. John Deere has a digital lock on the software that runs his tractor. And it won't give him the key. [...] The company went on to say that unqualified individuals could endanger customer safety. 
^ "John Deere Two-Cylinder Tractor Buyer's Guide". 
^ "Standard Catalog of John Deere Tractors 1st". 
^ Mary Lou Montgomery. "John Deere heritage runs deep on Missouri farm". Neosho Daily News. Retrieved 2015-06-04. 


Further reading[edit]

Broehl, Wayne G., Jr. (1984). John Deere's Company: A History of Deere & Company and Its Times. New York City: Doubleday. ISBN 9780385196642. OCLC 10606276. 
Dahlstrom, Jeremy; Dahlstrom, Neil (2005). The John Deere Story: A Biography of Plowmakers John & Charles Deere. Dekalb, Illinois: Northern Illinois University Press. ISBN 9780875803364. OCLC 56753352. 
Kendall, Edward C. (1959). John Deere's Steel Plow. Washington, D.C.: Smithsonian Institution. OCLC 3302873. 

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to John Deere.



Official website
Green Magazine
John Deere at RitchieWiki, the Equipment Wiki



Business data for John Deere: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


John Deere



Vehicles



4020 Tractor
5220 Tractor
9630 Tractor
Buck ATV
DB120 Planter
Gator ATV
Military Robot
Snowmobiles
Other Tractors





Divisions



Chamberlain (Australia)
Lanz Bulldog (Germany)
Matbro Forklifts
Nortrax Heavy Equipment
StarFire GPS
Timberjack Forestry





People



John Deere
Hans W. Becherer
John Rusling Block
George Peek





Other



Country Song
Golf Tournament
Museum
Pavilion
Supreme Court Case
TV Show
Video Game
World Headquarters












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois












v
t
e


Automotive industry in the United States






Automotive industry
Economy of the United States
Transportation in the United States





American vehicle
manufacturers
(list)



AGCO

Challenger Tractor
Massey Ferguson


AM General
American Expedition Vehicles
American Growler
Amp Electric Vehicles
Anteros Coachworks
Arcimoto
Armour Group, Inc.
ATK motorcycles
Aurica Motors
Autocar
Blue Bird
Boulder Electric Vehicle
Brammo
Brunton Stalker
Caterpillar
FCA US

Chrysler
Dodge
Jeep
Ram


CNH Industrial

Case CE
Case IH


Commuter Cars
Cushman
Cycle-Scoot
DeLorean
Chenowth Racing Products
Eagle Bus
Environmental Performance Vehicles
Equus
Elio Motors
Faraday Future
Fisker Inc.
Ford

Lincoln
SVT


General Dynamics Land Systems
General Motors

Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
GMC


Gillig
Glaval Bus
GreenTech
Harley-Davidson
HDT Global
Hennessey
HME
John Deere
Karma Automotive
Legacy
Local Motors
Lockheed Martin
Lingenfelter
Lenco Industries
Mack Trucks
Millennium Luxury Coaches
Morgan Olson
Mosler Automotive
MotoCzysz
Motor Coach Industries
Myers Motors
Navistar International

IC Bus
International


Nissan Commercial Vehicles
North American Bus Industries
Oka
Oshkosh

Pierce


Paccar

Kenworth
Peterbilt


Panoz
Phoenix Motorcars
Polaris Industries

Global Electric Motorcars
Indian
Victory


REV Group

Champion Bus
Collins
ElDorado National
E-One
Fleetwood
Goshen Coach
Holiday Rambler
Laymor
Wheeled Coach


Saleen
Shelby American
SSC North America
Starcraft Bus
Superformance
Tesla
Textron Marine & Land Systems
Trans Tech
TranStar Racing
Ultimaster
VIA Motors
Visionary Vehicles
Wheego Electric Cars
ZAP
Zimmer Motorcars





Foreign vehicle
manufacturers
with US operations



AB Volvo USA
BMW US Manufacturing Company
BYD Auto America
Changan USA
Daimler North America

Daimler Trucks North America

Thomas
Freightliner
Western Star




FAW Group USA
Fiat USA
FHI America
Honda of America

Acura


Hyundai USA
Isuzu America
Kia Motors America
Mazda America
Mitsubishi Motors North America
New Flyer Industries(1)

New Flyer
NABI
Motor Coach Industries


Nissan USA
Peugeot USA
SAIC Motor USA
Suzuki America
Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A.

Lexus
Scion


Volkswagen Group of America
Wanxiang America





Active factories



BMW US Manufacturing Company
Fiat Chrysler factories
Ford factories
General Motors factories
Honda of America factories
Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
Kia Motors Manufacturing Georgia
Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
Nissan North America
Subaru of Indiana Automotive, Inc.
Tesla Factory
Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
Volkswagen Chattanooga Assembly Plant





Components companies



Allison
BorgWarner
Caterpillar
Cummins
Delphi
Detroit Diesel
Eaton
Firestone
Goodyear
Nexteer
Remy International
Timken
Torrington
Visteon





Insurance and finance
companies



Allstate

Ecompass Insurance
Esurance


Ally Financial
Erie Insurance Group
Farmers Insurance Group

21st Century Insurance
Farmers Insurance


GM Financial
GMAC Insurance
Kemper Direct
Progressive
Safe Auto
State Farm





Design studios



Calty Design Research
Designworks





By state



Massachusetts





Former manufacturers(2)



Coda
FMC





Defunct vehicle
manufacturers



Allis-Chalmers
American Austin
American LaFrance
American Motors

Hudson

Essex
Terraplane


Nash
Rambler


Armor Holdings
Armored Motor Car Company
Auburn Automobile
Avanti Motor Corporation
Avery
BMC
Carbon Motors Corporation
Checker Motors Corporation
Commonwealth
Cord
Case
CNH Global
Duesenberg
Durant

Flint
Locomobile
Mason
Rugby
Star


Excalibur
FCA US

Eagle
Plymouth
Street & Racing Technology (still used as a trim for dodge vehicles)


Fiberfab
Fitch Four Drive
Fisker Automotive
Fisker Coachbuild
Force Protection
Ford

Continental
Edsel
Mercury


General Motors

Cartercar
Elmore
GM Diesel
Geo
Hummer
LaSalle
Marquette
McLaughlin
Oakland
Oldsmobile
Pontiac
Saturn
Scripps-Booth
Sheridan
Viking
Yellow Coach


Green Vehicles
Grumman
Henney
International Harvester
Jeffery
Kaiser-Frazer

Allstate
Frazer
Henry J
Kaiser
Willys


Marathon Motor Works
Marmon

Roosevelt


Marvel Motors
Matbro
Mercer
Monaco Coach
Muntz Car Company
Oliver Farm Equipment
Packard
Peerless Motor Company
Pierce-Arrow
Sebring Vanguard
Sterling Trucks
Studebaker

Erskine
Rockne


Stutz
Twentieth Century Motor Car Corporation
United Defense
VL
White
Wildfire





Defunct factories



Brampton Assembly (AMC)
Diamond-Star Motors
Fiat Chrysler factories closed
Ford factories closed
General Motors factories closed
NUMMI
Packard Automotive Plant
Volkswagen Westmoreland Assembly





Related topics



AAA
Chicago Auto Show
Interstate Highway System
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration
New York International Auto Show
North American International Auto Show
SAE International








(1)Although New Flyer is Canadian, their Subsidiaries, NABI and Motor Coach Industries, are headquartered in the U.S.


(2)Former meaning the company is no longer in the automotive manufacturing business


 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=John_Deere&oldid=792795559"					
Categories: John Deere1837 establishments in IllinoisAgriculture companies of the United StatesCompanies based in Rock Island County, IllinoisCompanies based in the Quad CitiesCompanies established in 1837Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConstruction equipment manufacturersDefense companies of the United StatesEngine manufacturersDiesel engine manufacturersEngineering vehiclesGarden tool manufacturersLawn and garden tractorsManufacturing companies based in IllinoisMoline, IllinoisPower tool manufacturersTractor manufacturers of the United StatesHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksArticles needing additional references from April 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2016Articles with unsourced statements from September 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתKurdîNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСаха тылаSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 18:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











	John Deere US | Products & Services Information






















































Back

 Equipment 
 Finance 
 Parts & Service 
 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 











 Contact a Dealer 
 MyJohnDeere 


 Lawn & Garden 
 Agriculture 
 Construction 
 Landscaping & Grounds Care 
 Golf & Sports Turf 
 Forestry 
 Engines & Drivetrains 
 Government & Military Sales 
 Rental Sales 

 View All Equipment 
 View Used Equipment 


 Financing 
 Offers & Discounts 


 Parts 
 Manuals & Training 
 Warranty & Protection Plans 
 StellarSupport™ 
 Recalls 
 Safety 



Lawn & Garden



MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Riding Mower Attachments & Accessories 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 


TRACTORS
 Compact Utility Tractors (22.4 - 66 Engine HP) 
 Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS
 Home & Workshop Products 





Agriculture



TRACTORS & LOADERS
 4WD and Track Tractors (370-620 Engine HP) 
 Row Crop Tractors (140-400 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 
 Front End Loaders 
 Scraper Systems 


TOOLS & USED EQUIPMENT
 Loaders 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Used Equipment 


CROP CARE
 Application Equipment 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Harvesting Equipment 
 Hay & Forage Equipment 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Sprayers 
 Tillage Equipment 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Construction



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Motor Graders 
 Scraper Systems 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Technology Solutions 
 Construction Attachments 
 Used Construction Equipment 





Landscaping & Grounds Care



MOWERS & TRACTORS
 Commercial Mowers 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractor Attachments & Implements 


TOOLS & ATTACHMENTS
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Attachments & Implements 


WORKSITE EQUIPMENT
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Skid Steers 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Worksite Equipment Attachments 


UTILITY VEHICLES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ UV Attachments 





Golf & Sports Turf



GOLF COURSE EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Bunker Rakes 
 Fairway Mowers 
 Riding Greens Mowers 
 Rough, Trim & Surround Mowers 
 Walk Greens Mowers 


SPORTS TURF EQUIPMENT
 Aeration Equipment 
 Field Rakes 
 Reel Mowers 


ALL PURPOSE EQUIPMENT
 Commercial Mowers 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Utility Tractors Attachments & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 





Forestry



 Tracked Feller Bunchers 
 Wheeled Feller Bunchers 
 Forwarders 
 Wheeled Harvesters 
 Tracked Harvesters 
 Knuckleboom Loaders 
 Skidders 
 Swing Machines 
 Forestry Technology Solutions 
 Forestry Attachments 
 Used Forestry Equipment 





Engines & Drivetrains



INDUSTRIAL DIESEL ENGINES
 Final Tier 4 / Stage IV 
 Interim Tier 4 / Stage III 
 Tier 3/Stage III 
 Tier 2 and Lesser Regulated 


MARINE ENGINES
 Commercial/Workboat 
 Recreational/Pleasure Craft 


GENERATOR DRIVE ENGINES
 Standby/Stationary 
 Prime/Portable 


DRIVETRAIN EQUIPMENT
 Pump Drives 
 Transmissions 
 Axles 
 Planetary Gear Drives 
 Vehicle Electrification 





Government & Military Sales



TRACTORS & MOWERS
 Lawn Tractors 
 Utility Tractors (22.4-140 Engine HP) 
 Specialty Tractors (75-155 Engine HP) 
 Residential ZTrak™ Zero-Turn Mowers 
 Commercial Mowers 


CONSTRUCTION
 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Crawler Loaders 
 Excavators 
 Dozers 
 Skid Steers 
 Motor Graders 
 Wheel Loaders 


UTILITY VEHICLES & ACCESSORIES
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles Attachments & Accessories 


ATTACHMENTS & ACCESSORIES
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Front-End Loaders for Tractors 


PURCHASING
 State & Local 
 Cooperative 
 Non-Governmental Organizations 
 Federal & Military 





Rental Sales



 Backhoes 
 Compact Track Loaders 
 Dozers 
 Excavators 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Motor Graders 
 Skid Steers 
 Tractor Loaders 
 Utility Tractors (22.4 – 140 Engine HP) 
 Wheel Loaders 
 Construction Attachments 





View All Equipment



 Articulated Dump Trucks 
 Application Equipment 
 Attachments, Accessories & Implements 
 Backhoes 
 Cutters & Shredders 
 Dozers 
 Engines 
 Excavators 
 Forwarders 
 Gator™ Utility Vehicles 
 Hay & Forage 
 Harvesting 
 Home & Workshop Products 
 Loaders 
 Motor Graders 
 Mowers 
 Planting Equipment 
 Precision Ag Technology 
 Scraper Systems 
 Seeding Equipment 
 Skidders 
 Sprayers 
 Swing Machines 
 Tillage 
 Tractors 





View Used Equipment







Financing



 Account Management 
 Application 
 Equipment Loans 
 Equipment Leasing 
 Multi-Use Account 
 Revolving Plan Account 
 PowerPlan Account 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 Contact John Deere Financial 





Offers & Discounts





Parts



 Agricultural Parts 
 Lawn & Garden Parts 
 Commercial Mowing Parts 
 Golf & Sports Turf Parts 
 Engine Parts 
 Construction Parts 
 Remanufactured Parts & Components 
 All Makes Parts 
 Maintenance Parts 





Manuals & Training



 Quick Reference Guides 
 Training & Safety Videos 
 Simulators 





Warranty & Protection Plans



 Extended Warranties 
 Warranty Statements 
 Warranty Registration 
 Migrating Machine Policy 
 PowerGard™ Maintenance Plans 
 UltraGard™ Physical Damage 





StellarSupport™



 Product Activation 
 Software Updates 
 Training 
 Download Center 
 Tools & Calculators 
 Answer Center 
 AMS Forums 
 Contact Us 
 Dealer Corner 





Recalls





Safety







 






Providing for the Future, Together








Agriculture

Lawn & Garden

Construction

Landscaping & Grounds Care

Golf & Sports Turf

Forestry

Engines & Drivetrain

Government & Military Sales

Rental Sales








Deere Days of Summer Sales EventTake a closer look   



Quick Tools

Build Your Own
Locate a Dealer
Order Parts
Find Manuals
Find Used Equipment












The Silicon Prairie   Get the inside story on cutting edge tech down on the farm    


Imagery Comes Of Age   Read more in The Furrow    


Machine Health Monitoring   The data revolution is upon us    









                                    ... 








  








 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 















John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B

Moody's Org ID:723512330







Moody's Org ID:723512330

Market Segment:Structured Finance > ABS > Autos & Vehicles...>> > Trucks, Agricultural & Industrial Equipment <<







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to Auto ABS industry page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
Sector In-Depth


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    21 Jun 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by John Deere from 2013 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    10 May 2016
                

                    Sector In-Depth
                













                                    Agriculture Equipment ABS - US: Loan Losses and Delinquencies Rise on Reduced Farm Incomes





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    02 Dec 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by John Deere from 2013 through 2015





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Jun 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by John Deere from 2012 through 2014





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    30 Oct 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's affirms agriculture and construction equipment ABS issued by John Deere from 2012, 2013 and 2014





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Sep 2013
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's assigns definitive ratings to notes to be issued by John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    09 Sep 2013
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B Deal v1.1 Compared To Equipment Loan-Lease v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Aug 2013
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 Aug 2013
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B v1.0 Compared To Equipment Loan-Lease v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 9
Of 
        9


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay






























































































John Deere Owner Trust 2013 Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      John Deere Owner Trust 2013
                    

•   RENO, NV
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             John Deere Owner Trust 2013 is based out of Reno.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from John Deere Owner Trust 2013, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




john deere owner trust 2013


I EAST FIRST STREET

RENO
NV
                                                        
                                                    89501


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (775) 786-5914
SEC SIC CODE:6189-ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES







Recent SEC Filings




15-15D filed on 09/15/2016
10-D filed on 08/19/2016
10-D filed on 07/20/2016
10-D filed on 06/16/2016
10-D filed on 05/27/2016
10-D filed on 04/20/2016
10-D filed on 03/18/2016
10-D filed on 02/19/2016
10-K filed on 01/27/2016
10-D filed on 01/20/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B
                    

•   RENO, NV
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             John Deere Owner Trust 2013-b is based out of Reno.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




john deere owner trust 2013-b


I EAST FIRST STREET

RENO
NV
                                                        
                                                    89501


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      (775) 786-5914
SEC SIC CODE:6189-ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES







Recent SEC Filings




15-15D filed on 01/20/2017
10-D filed on 01/20/2017
10-D filed on 12/20/2016
10-D filed on 11/22/2016
10-D filed on 10/20/2016
10-D filed on 09/15/2016
10-D filed on 08/19/2016
10-D filed on 07/20/2016
10-D filed on 06/16/2016
10-D filed on 05/27/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Shearman & Sterling Advises John Deere Capital Corporation on $848 Million Asset-Backed Notes Offering | News & Insights | Shearman & Sterling LLP





































English
Deutsch
日本語
中文







Search






                            About Us
                        



                            News & Insights
                        



                            Online Services
                        



                            Community
                        



                            Careers
                        








X




                                                
                                                    Overview
                                                
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Firm History Videos
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Firm Values
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    History
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Professional Development
                                                
                                            







X




                                                
                                                    News
                                                
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                    Awards & Accolades
                                                
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Multimedia
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Publications
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    Events
                                                
                                            



                                                
                                                
                                                    News Contacts
                                                
                                            









X




                                            
                                                Women's Initiatives
                                            
                                            
                                        



                                            
                                                Corporate Social Responsibility
                                            
                                            
                                        



                                            
                                            
                                                Pro Bono
                                            
                                        



                                            
                                                Diversity & Inclusion
                                            
                                            
                                        



                                            
                                            
                                                Alumni
                                            
                                        



                                            
                                                Legal Competitions
                                            
                                            
                                        

















People


Services


Global Reach










X



Shearman & Sterling is a global law firm with approximately 850 lawyers in many of the major commercial centers around the world.




                        Search Professionals
                    



                                First Name
                            




                                Last Name
                            






                                    Location
                                

                                            Abu Dhabi
                                        

                                            Africa
                                        

                                            Asia
                                        

                                            Beijing
                                        

                                            Brussels
                                        

                                            China
                                        

                                            Dubai
                                        

                                            Europe
                                        

                                            Frankfurt
                                        

                                            Hong Kong
                                        

                                            India
                                        

                                            Latin America & Caribbean
                                        

                                            London
                                        

                                            Menlo Park
                                        

                                            Middle East
                                        

                                            Milan
                                        

                                            Mongolia
                                        

                                            New York
                                        

                                            North America
                                        

                                            Paris
                                        

                                            Rome
                                        

                                            San Francisco 
                                        

                                            São Paulo
                                        

                                            Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                            Shanghai
                                        

                                            Singapore
                                        

                                            Tokyo
                                        

                                            Toronto
                                        

                                            Washington, DC
                                        






                                    Service
                                

                                            Africa
                                        

                                            Anti-Corruption & Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
                                        

                                            Antitrust
                                        

                                            Appellate Litigation
                                        

                                            Argentine Sovereign Debt
                                        

                                            Asia
                                        

                                            Basel III — Regulatory Capital
                                        

                                            Brazil
                                        

                                            Brexit Resource Center
                                        

                                            Capital Markets
                                        

                                            China
                                        

                                            Compensation, Governance & ERISA
                                        

                                            Corporate Governance
                                        

                                            Criminal Law, Regulation & Enforcement
                                        

                                            Derivatives & Structured Products
                                        

                                            Dodd-Frank, UK, EU & Other Regulatory Reforms
                                        

                                            Emerging Growth
                                        

                                            Energy
                                        

                                            Environmental
                                        

                                            Europe
                                        

                                            European Bank Recovery & Resolution
                                        

                                            Family Offices
                                        

                                            Finance
                                        

                                            Financial Institutions
                                        

                                            Financial Institutions Advisory & Financial Regulatory
                                        

                                            Financial Institutions Investigations & Enforcement
                                        

                                            Financial Restructuring & Insolvency
                                        

                                            Healthcare
                                        

                                            Hospitality, Leisure & Gaming
                                        

                                            India
                                        

                                            Industrials
                                        

                                            Infrastructure/Transportation Projects
                                        

                                            Intellectual Property Litigation
                                        

                                            Intellectual Property Transactions
                                        

                                            International Arbitration
                                        

                                            International Trade & Investment
                                        

                                            Investment Funds
                                        

                                            Iran Sanctions
                                        

                                            Islamic Finance
                                        

                                            Latin America & Caribbean
                                        

                                            Leveraged Finance
                                        

                                            Litigation
                                        

                                            Mergers & Acquisitions
                                        

                                            Mexico Energy Reforms
                                        

                                            Middle East
                                        

                                            Mining & Metals
                                        

                                            Mongolia
                                        

                                            North America
                                        

                                            Privacy & Data Protection
                                        

                                            Private Capital
                                        

                                            Private Client
                                        

                                            Private Equity & Hedge Funds
                                        

                                            Privatization
                                        

                                            Pro Bono
                                        

                                            Project Development & Finance
                                        

                                            Public International Law
                                        

                                            Real Estate
                                        

                                            REITs
                                        

                                            Retail & Consumer
                                        

                                            Russia Sanctions
                                        

                                            Singapore
                                        

                                            State Controlled Companies/Sovereign Wealth Funds
                                        

                                            Structured Finance
                                        

                                            Tax
                                        

                                            Technology, Media & Telecommunications
                                        

                                            The Trump Administration: What’s Ahead
                                        

                                            United Arab Emirates
                                        






                                    Title
                                

                                            Associate
                                        

                                            Counsel
                                        

                                            Global Compliance Attorney
                                        

                                            Hiring Attorney
                                        

                                            Knowledge Management Attorney
                                        

                                            Managing Attorney
                                        

                                            Of Counsel
                                        

                                            Partner
                                        

                                            Pro Bono Counsel
                                        

                                            Professional Support Lawyer
                                        

                                            Risk Management Counsel
                                        

                                            Risk Management Lawyer
                                        











 






                                                Geert Goeteyn
                                            


                                                is partner in the firm’s Brussels office, advising on all areas of EU competition, merger and regulatory law.
                                            











                                                John A. Nathanson
                                            


                                                is a partner in the firm’s Litigation Group, focusing on United States Department of Justice inquiries, Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulatory matters, internal investigations and civil securities litigation.
                                            











                                                John Gueli
                                            


                                                is a partner in the firm’s Litigation Group who has over two decades of experience in corporate and commercial litigation and has represented and advised clients on a wide variety of matters.
                                            











                                                Hervé Letréguilly
                                            


                                                is a partner in the firm’s Corporate Group, specializing in French and international corporate, capital markets and mergers and acquisitions transactions.
                                            











                                                Alfred Kossmann
                                            


                                                is a partner in the Corporate Group of the Frankfurt office of Shearman & Sterling, practicing general corporate law and specializing in mergers and acquisitions, including restructuring of business groups and joint ventures.
                                            


















X



Practice
Industry
Region
Key Issues






Anti-Corruption & Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
Antitrust
Appellate Litigation
Capital Markets
Compensation, Governance & ERISA
 


Corporate Governance
Criminal Law, Regulation & Enforcement
Derivatives & Structured Products
Emerging Growth
Environmental
 


European Bank Recovery & Resolution
Finance
Financial Institutions Advisory & Financial Regulatory
Financial Institutions Investigations & Enforcement
Financial Restructuring & Insolvency
 


Intellectual Property Litigation
Intellectual Property Transactions
International Arbitration
International Trade & Investment
Investment Funds
 


Islamic Finance
Leveraged Finance
Litigation
Mergers & Acquisitions
Privacy & Data Protection
 


Private Client
Private Equity & Hedge Funds
Privatization
Pro Bono
Project Development & Finance
 


Public International Law
Real Estate
State Controlled Companies/Sovereign Wealth Funds
Structured Finance
Tax
 


 






Energy
Financial Institutions
Healthcare
Hospitality, Leisure & Gaming
Industrials
 


Infrastructure/Transportation Projects
Mining & Metals
Private Capital
Real Estate
REITs
 


Retail & Consumer
Technology, Media & Telecommunications
 








Africa
Asia
China
Europe
India
 


Latin America & Caribbean
Middle East
Mongolia
North America
 








Argentine Sovereign Debt
Basel III — Regulatory Capital
Brexit Resource Center
Dodd-Frank, UK, EU & Other Regulatory Reforms
Family Offices
 


Iran Sanctions
Mexico Energy Reforms
Russia Sanctions
The Trump Administration: What’s Ahead
 





View All Services










Shearman & Sterling Advises John Deere Capital Corporation on $848 Million Asset-Backed Notes Offering

    
    17 Sep 2013
    
    






                        
                            News
                        
                        
                    



                        
                            Awards & Accolades
                        
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            Multimedia
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            Publications
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            Events
                        
                    



                        
                        
                            News Contacts
                        
                    

Subscribe















Shearman & Sterling represented John Deere Owner Trust 2013-B, as the issuing entity, John Deere Receivables, Inc., as the seller and depositor, and John Deere Capital Corporation, as the sponsor and servicer, in connection with the issuance and sale of approximately $848.6 million of asset-backed notes. The notes are backed by agricultural and construction equipment retail installment sale and loan contracts secured by new and used agricultural and construction equipment, the security interests in the equipment financed thereby and the proceeds thereof (the “receivables”). John Deere Capital Corporation purchased the receivables from Deere & Company and John Deere Construction & Forestry Company.
John Deere is a world leader in providing advanced products and services for agriculture, forestry, construction, lawn and turf care, landscaping and irrigation. John Deere also provides financial services worldwide and manufactures and markets engines used in heavy equipment.
The following Shearman & Sterling lawyers advised on this transaction: partners Stuart Fleischmann (New York-Capital Markets) and Laurence Bambino (New York-Tax); of counsel Reade Ryan (New York-Finance) and Paul Schreiber (New York-Investment Funds); counsel Sharon Lippett (New York-Compensation, Governance & ERISA); and associates Grissel Mercado (New York-Capital Markets), James Cotton (New York-Capital Markets), Bejidé Davis (New York-Corporate), Douglas Jones (New York-Tax) and Nina Garnham (London-Investment Funds).






Loading...









Related Professionals


 
Stuart K. Fleischmann
 New York

 
Laurence M. Bambino
 New York

 
Reade H. Ryan, Jr.
 New York

 
Paul S. Schreiber
 New York

 
Grissel A. Mercado
 New York






Related Services

Practice




                            Capital Markets                                                   
                        







                            Tax                                                   
                        







                            Finance                                                   
                        







                            Investment Funds                                                   
                        







                            Compensation, Governance & ERISA                                                   
                        







 











Connect with us on Facebook
Connect with us on Facebook



Connect with us on LinkedIn
Connect with us on LinkedIn



Connect with us on Twitter
Connect with us on Twitter






Connect With Us






















Home


Contact Us


RSS


Remote Shearman


Legal Notices


Modern Slavery Act


Site Map




© Shearman & Sterling 2017 | Attorney Advertising









                By using the shearman.com site you agree to us using cookies for the purpose of data analytics. Information is provided in our Cookies Notice.
            





                    I Accept
                









