

Gregory E Johnson, CEO Compensation -  Forbes.com
























 
























 




 





 





 




Jump | Free Trial Issue



Search Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Logistics

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network
-Digital Entertainment

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Entrepreneurs
-Finance
-Human Resources
-Law & Taxation
-Sales & Marketing
-Management
-Technology

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes Global 2000
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World\'s Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Opinions

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising





 











U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS












    HOME 
  
 BUSINESS 
  
 TECHNOLOGY 
  
 MARKETS 
  
 ENTREPRENEURS 
  
 WORK 
  
 PERSONAL FINANCE 
  
 LIFESTYLE 
  
 LISTS 
  
 OPINIONS 


  Home > Lists > CEO Pay >
Gregory E Johnson






< Previous

Next >



Gregory E JohnsonTotal Compensation
$5.57 mil (#248)

5-Year Compensation Total
NA

Gregory E Johnson has been CEO of Franklin Resources (BEN) for 2 years. Mr. Johnson has been with the company for 20 years .The 44 year old executive ranks 25 within Diversified Financials

Education
College: Washington & Lee University BBA
Graduate School: NA
 

      









Gregory E Johnson's Compensation Vs. Diversified Financials Medians



Salary



$0.78 mil 

      



$0.70 mil 



Bonus

$2.65 mil 

$1.42 mil 



Other

$2.14 mil 

$0.53 mil 



Stock Gains

-- 

$0.75 mil 







Total Compensation

$5.57 mil



$7.77 mil 



Data Contributor







Franklin Resources
(BEN: quote, news, executives)

One Franklin ParkwaySan Mateo, CA 94403California650-312-2000650-312-5606

www.franklintempleton.com




Gregory E Johnson's Ownership Of Franklin Resources





Industry Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

 0.21% 

0.34% 



Stock Owned

 $50.0 mil 

$0.05 mil 



 



Franklin Resources's Stock Performance




 



Total Return During Tenure

 33% 



Relative to Market

 122 









< Previous

Next >



Sort List By:
Rank |
Name |
Age |
Company |
Efficiency
Total Compensation |
5 Year Compensation |
Market Value

Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year. Total compensation for each chief executive includes the following: salary and bonuses; other compensation, such as vested restricted stock grants, LTIP payouts and perks; and stock gains, the value realized by exercising stock options. Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score. Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and six-year compensation history.  The most efficient rank is 1 and least efficient is 189. Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based on Mar. 30, 2006 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P 500 (a score of 100 = the S&P 500). NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful.
1Annualized.
2Four-year total.
3Three-year total.
4Less than 0.01%.
5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000.
8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of salary.
9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of portion of bonus.
10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc.(www.hemscottdata.com)








A D V E R T I S E M E N T










SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information  
Forbes.com Wireless  
RSS   
Reprints/Permissions  
Subscriber Services  

©  Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved  
Privacy Statement  
Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By




Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer
Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
Exchange trademark and copyright notices.

Powered By











Gregory E. Johnson - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Gregory E. Johnson
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer at Franklin Resources, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Gregory E. Johnson? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory E. Johnson's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory E. Johnson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory E. Johnson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory E. Johnson through your network of contacts.
												








Gregory E. Johnson's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Franklin Resources, Inc.


Past
To view Gregory E. Johnson's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Washington & Lee University


Age
55

 
 


Gregory E. Johnson's Biography



Career Highlights:

Chairman of the Board since June 2013 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2004; President from December 1999 to October 2015. Officer and/or director of certain subsidiaries of the Company; officer and/or director or trustee of 44 registered investment companies managed or advised by subsidiaries of the Company.



Key Attributes, Experience and Skills:

Mr. G. Johnson brings leadership and extensive business and operating experience, as well as significant knowledge of our Company and the global fund management industry, to the Board. Mr. G. Johnson is a Certified Public Accountant and prior to joinin ...
(Read More)

			Career Highlights:

Chairman of the Board since June 2013 and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since January 2004; President from December 1999 to October 2015. Officer and/or director of certain subsidiaries of the Company; officer and/or director or trustee of 44 registered investment companies managed or advised by subsidiaries of the Company.



Key Attributes, Experience and Skills:

Mr. G. Johnson brings leadership and extensive business and operating experience, as well as significant knowledge of our Company and the global fund management industry, to the Board. Mr. G. Johnson is a Certified Public Accountant and prior to joining the Company, was a senior accountant with Coopers & Lybrand. Over his 30-year tenure with the Company, Mr. G. Johnson has held officer and director positions with various subsidiaries of the Company; hands-on experience that provides him with in-depth knowledge of the Company's operations. Mr. G. Johnson's presence on the Board provides the Board with management's current perspectives on the Company's business and strategic vision for the Company. Mr. G. Johnson's service on various boards of industry organizations, including the Investment Company Institute's Board of Governors, also provides the Board with the benefit of additional perspectives on industry developments, including regulatory and policy issues. He is a past Chairman and is currently serving as Vice Chairman of the Investment Company Institute.
		
Source: Franklin Resources, Inc. on 01/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Gregory E. Johnson's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Gregory E. Johnson. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Gregory E. Johnson's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Gregory E. Johnson's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Gregory E. Johnson through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Gregory E. Johnson


















Gregory E. Johnson's Connections (79)





Sign up now to view Gregory E. Johnson's 79 connections »









Kenneth A. Lewis
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Franklin Resources, Inc.









Mariann H. Byerwalter
Board Member, Franklin Resources, Inc.









Martin L. Flanagan
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Invesco Ltd.









Samuel H. Armacost
Board Member, Callaway Golf Company









Denise M. O'Leary
Board Member, Medtronic plc









Philip J. Quigley
Board Member, Nuance Communications, Inc.









Laura Stein
Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Affairs, The Clorox Company









William E. Mitchell
Board Member, Humana Inc.









Umesh Padval
Board Member, Integrated Device Technology, Inc.









James W. Breyer
Board Member, Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Insider Trading - Johnson Gregory E - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Johnson Gregory E





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-01Option Award
2016-12-1412:04 pm
N/AN/A
Franklin Resources Inc
BEN
Johnson Gregory EChairman and CEODirector
9,295
$0
2,163,119(Direct)
View


2016-11-01Option Award
2016-11-032:51 pm
N/AN/A
Franklin Resources Inc
BEN
Johnson Gregory EChairman and CEODirector
89,021
$33.7
2,565,000(Direct)
View


2016-11-01Option Award
2016-11-032:51 pm
N/AN/A
Franklin Resources Inc
BEN
Johnson Gregory EChairman and CEODirector
21,373
$0
2,565,000(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Option Award
2015-11-0512:08 pm
N/AN/A
Franklin Resources Inc
BEN
Johnson Gregory EChairman and CEODirector
129,228
$41.4
2,565,000(Direct)
View


2015-11-03Option Award
2015-11-0512:08 pm
N/AN/A
Franklin Resources Inc
BEN
Johnson Gregory EChairman and CEODirector
15,782
$0
2,565,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 22 Jul 2017 10:58:36 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Johnson & Johnson Homepage | Johnson & Johnson

































































Our Stories



Latest News




Innovation




Caring & Giving




Personal Stories




Health & Wellness




Our Heritage





Our Company



About J&J

Our Credo
Our Leadership Team
Strategic Framework
Corporate Governance
Diversity & Inclusion
Empowering Women
Innovation at J&J
Office of the Chief Medical Officer
J&J Health and Wellness Solutions
Policies & Statements
Code of Business Conduct
Corporate Reports





Products

Consumer Products
Medical Devices
Pharmaceutical Products





Procurement

Value Pillars
Supplier Diversity





Careers

What We Do
How We Hire
Job Spotlight
Students
Innovation
Career Stories





Media Center




Investors

Corporate Governance
Quarterly Results
SEC Filings 
News Releases
Pharmaceutical Pipeline
2016 Health for Humanity Report
Stock Information
Webcasts & Presentations 
Actelion Public Tender Offer





Our Societal Impact

Global Community Impact
Global Public Health
Citizenship & Sustainability Reporting 







Follow Us



Facebook




Twitter




YouTube




LinkedIn
































Read the Story
 


4 Amazing Men and Women at the Forefront of HIV Work 


As the International AIDS Society Conference on HIV Science kicks off in Paris on July 23, we’re spotlighting researchers who've dedicated their life's work to tackling the epidemic in groundbreaking ways.















Read the Story
 


What You Need to Know About Johnson & Johnson’s 2017 Second-Quarter Earnings


Learn about how the company's Consumer, Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices businesses performed in this recap of the just-released earnings report.















Read the Story
 


Around the World With Johnson & Johnson: 6 Unbelievable Places Company Products Have Been


From Antarctica to outer space, learn about the surprising locales where Johnson & Johnson items have popped up.















Read the Story
 


How the Microbiome Could Transform Your Skin in Surprising Ways


Hint: It has the potential to combat acne, eczema and more. Learn how Johnson & Johnson is harnessing the power of bacteria in innovative ways to help keep skin healthy—starting in infancy.















Read the Story
 


Adventures in Technology: A Working Mom Test-Drives the New Neutrogena Light Therapy Acne Spot Treatment 


Breakouts aren't just for teens, which is why this acne-afflicted mother was the perfect candidate to try out a new device that uses light therapy to help make pimples heal faster.















Read the Story
 


Mosquitoons: The Innovative Mosquito Repellent Johnson & Johnson Sold Over a Century Ago


Buzzz. It's a familiar warm-weather nuisance: mosquitoes. In the early 1900s, the pests also transmitted serious diseases, so the company produced an in-home fumigator designed to repel the insects.




















Health & Wellness
June 07, 2017



6 Summer Sun Safety Tips from Seasoned Moms


Read the Story






Health & Wellness
June 19, 2017



Meditate to … Boost Your Confidence? You Can With These 3 Modern-Day Meditations









Personal Stories
June 28, 2017



“I Designed My Knee Replacement”: Meet the Johnson & Johnson Employee Who Benefited From His Own Innovation









Our Heritage
July 02, 2017



10 Ways Johnson & Johnson Has Helped Support Healthy Births and Moms Around the World









Caring & Giving
June 20, 2017



Bridge to Employment: 25 Years of Helping Young People Excel in School—and Life 


















Earthwards®: The Unique Johnson & Johnson Program That's Helping to Create a More Sustainable World












How Johnson & Johnson's Health for Humanity 2020 Goals Can Help Improve the Well-Being of the World












The Brain-Boosting Secret Every Parent of a Baby Should Know












6 Questions Investors May Have About Johnson & Johnson's Acquisition of Actelion












This Is Your Brain With Schizophrenia: How the Illness Manifests and What Researchers Are Doing to Help 













"We Had Bariatric Surgery": A Couple Shares What It's Really Like to Undergo the Weight-Loss Procedure












10 Baby Massage Moves Any Parent Can Do in 10 Minutes or Less












9 Tips to Boost Your Oral Hygiene Routine












What You're Talking About



 “I Designed My Knee Replacement”: Meet the Johnson & Johnson Employee Who Benefited From His Own Innovation


325 Likes




Earthwards®: The Unique Johnson & Johnson Program That's Helping to Create a More Sustainable World


251 Likes




Around the World With Johnson & Johnson: 6 Unbelievable Places Company Products Have Been


200 Likes




Mosquitoons: The Innovative Mosquito Repellent Johnson & Johnson Sold Over a Century Ago


154 Likes









Fact





By the age of 3, a child’s brain is 85% developed. These 8 tips can help boost that development in your baby. 
Tell Me More





























History | Franklin Templeton Investments









































Home


About Us


Contact Us


Careers


Help


Français


Log Out











Web Accounts|


Funds|


Fund Information|


Alternative|


Canadian Balanced|


Canadian Dividend|


Canadian Equity|


Canadian Fixed Income|


Emerging Markets Equity|


Franklin Quotential|


Global & International Equity|


Global Balanced|


Global Fixed Income|


Money Market|


U.S. Equity|


Private Wealth Pools|


Multi-Asset Target Return|




Price & Performance|


Franklin Quotential Portfolios|


Franklin LibertyShares ETFs|


Franklin Target Return|


Franklin K2 Alternative Strategies|


Fiduciary Private Wealth Pools|


Mergers|


May 2016 – Termination of Franklin Bissett Strategic Income and Templeton BRIC|


Canadian Mutual Fund Mergers – April 2016|


Streamlined Canadian Fund Line-Up|


Canadian Corporate Class Fixed Income Funds|




Historical Pricing|




Products & Services|


Retirement Research|


Retirement Income Strategies|


Retirement Expectations|


Turn Retirement Concerns into Retirement Confidence|


Social Sharing Tools|




Retirement Savings|


Tax Savings|


Corporate Class Funds|


Tax Free Savings Account|




Education Savings|


Family Plans vs. Individual Plans|


Grants and Incentives|


Opening an RESP - Preparing for your advisor meeting|


Contributing to an RESP|


Educational Withdrawals|


Non-Educational Withdrawals|




Retirement Income|


RRIF|


Flexible Series T|




Private Wealth Services|


Separately Managed Accounts|




Commentary & Tools|


Investment Insights|


Investing for What’s Next|


Investor Behaviour|


Why Diversify?|


The Value of Active Management|


Managing Volatility|


What makes a fixed income leader?|




Featured Solutions|


Franklin Bissett Canadian Equity|


Franklin U.S. Monthly Income Fund|


Templeton Global Balanced Fund|


Templeton Global Bond Fund|


Simplicity Pricing|


Dollar Cost Averaging|


Automatic Rebalancing Service|




Financial Planning Calculators|


Commentary|


Porfolio Manager Commentary|


Global Macro Shifts|


Geopolitical Insights|


State of the Markets|


Investment Outlook 2017|


Talking Markets Podcast Series|




Events|




Downloads|


Applications and Forms|


Applications and Forms|


Supporting Legal Documents|


Non-Resident Tax Forms|


PFIC Annual Information Statements|




Legal and Financial Documents|


Annual Reports|


Independent Review Committee|


MRFPs and Quarterly Reports|


Proxy Voting Policies and Voting Records|


Semi Annual Reports|


Prospectus|




Point of Sale Fund Facts Documents|



















CANADA

This website is intended for residents of Canada.


Other countries

















About Us


Franklin Templeton Investments


Corporate Mission


Press Releases


History


Global Offices


Community Involvement


Our President and CEO












                
                History
                 
            





Franklin Templeton Investments has grown from being recognised as one of  the best small companies in America to being considered a premier  global investment management organisation. We offer clients a valuable  perspective shaped by our six decades of experience, investment  expertise and growing global reach.





PreviousNext1940s1950s1960s1970s1980s1990s2000s2010s



The company was founded in 1947 in New York by Rupert H. Johnson, Sr., who ran a successful retail brokerage firm from an office on Wall Street. He named the company for US founding father Benjamin Franklin because Franklin epitomised the ideas of frugality and prudence when it came to saving and investing. The company's first line of mutual funds, Franklin Custodian Funds, was a series of conservatively managed equity and bond funds designed to appeal to most investors.
Photo of Rupert H. Johnson.



After Rupert Sr. retired, his son, Charles B. Johnson (Charlie), took over as president and chief executive officer in 1957 at age 24. There were only a handful of employees at that time and the funds had total assets under management of US$2.5 million. Franklin was swimming against the tide because insurance companies dominated the middle class investing markets, but Charlie was convinced that he had a good story to tell.
Photo of Charles B. Johnson.



By the early 1960s Charlie and his team's persistence was paying off and the company was growing albeit slowly. It was a struggle to keep up with the day-to-day demands of the business and Charlie continued to wear many hats-mutual fund manager, wholesaler, accountant. Rupert Johnson, Jr., Charlie's brother, joined the company in 1965 and also took on multiple roles. A decade of extreme bull and bear cycles, the 1960s was an exciting time to be in the industry.



Franklin went public in 1971, which gave Charlie and team the capital needed to grow the business and position it for the future. In 1973, the company acquired Winfield & Company, a San Mateo, California-based investment firm, and moved Franklin's offices from New York to California. The combined organisation had close to US$250 million in assets under management and approximately 60 employees. In 1979, Franklin Money Fund  (not available to UK investors) began a growth surge that made it Franklin's first billion-dollar fund and launched the company's tremendous asset growth in the 1980s.



Starting in 1980, the company's total assets under management doubled (or nearly doubled) every year for the next six years. The company's stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in 1986 under the ticker symbol "BEN". In the same year, the company opened its first office outside North America in Taiwan. In 1988, Franklin acquired L.F. Rothschild Fund Management Company. Assets under management for Franklin grew from just over US$2 billion in 1982 to more than US$40 billion in 1989 (the crash of 1987 had little impact on Franklin's income and bond funds). Not one to rest on their laurels, management was concerned about Franklin's heavy emphasis on fixed income investments that had become the company's bread and butter.



Strategic acquisitions in the 1990s helped Franklin diversify its investment management capabilities beyond fixed income and also expand its global footprint throughout Europe and Asia. In 1992, after striking a deal with famed global investor Sir John Templeton for acquisition of Templeton, Galbraith & Hansberger Ltd., Charlie was named Fund Leader of the Year for spearheading what was then the largest merger of an independent mutual fund company in history. Templeton gave the company a strong portfolio of international equity funds as well as the expertise of emerging markets guru Dr. Mark Mobius, who currently leads a team of emerging markets analysts and manages emerging markets portfolios. Dr. Mobius has spent more than 40 years working in emerging markets all over the world. Then in 1996, in an effort to broaden its line of domestic equity products, Franklin Templeton bought Heine Securities Corporation, investment adviser to Mutual Series Fund, Inc., from Wall Street icon Michael Price.
Photo of Dr. Mark Mobius and Sir John Templeton (1912 - 2008).
 
 



Several more key acquisitions solidified the company's position as a premier global investment management organisation: Bissett in 2000, Fiduciary Trust in 2001 and Darby in 2003. In 2005, Gregory E. Johnson (Greg), Charlie's son, became chief executive officer, assuming overall responsibility for leading Franklin Templeton Investments. Greg had grown up in the business and worked his way through the organisation beginning on the trading desk at age 24 in 1985. Charlie retained his role as chairman and continued to provide guidance to Greg and his leadership team.
Photo of Gregory E. Johnson.



2010s
The firm continues to make strategic investments and acquisitions, including asset managers in Australia, Mexico, the UK and US that further broaden and diversify its capabilities. In 2012, the acquisition of K2 Advisors, a provider of integrated hedge fund and alternative investment products and solutions, combined Franklin Templeton’s world class retail knowledge, distribution capabilities and brand together with K2’s 20 years of hedge fund expertise, which resulted in a very strong entry into the multi-alternative mutual fund business.
In 2013, Charlie Johnson retired as chairman. During his distinguished career, Charlie successfully navigated Franklin Templeton through more than 50 years of growth and change. Charlie believed that success is built on hard work, dedication and persistence in service to our clients.
Greg Johnson is currently chairman of the board and CEO. Today, Franklin Templeton is one of the largest independent global asset management firms in the world with offices in over 30 countries and clients in more than 170.

















Copyright © 2017. Franklin Templeton Investments Corp. All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Security


Privacy


Accessible Services


Unclaimed Property




Close
View External URL




CloseContinue


Close














Your Houston Chiropractor | Advanced Chiropractor Relief LLC
     


         

        Call (281) 405-2611|info@advancedhoustonchiropractor.comRequest an AppointmentVisit Blog





Call Today (281) 405-2611



363 N Sam Houston Pkwy E Suite 1060 Houston, Texas 77060
 Share Your Experience  



Advanced Chiropractic Relief 
Natural Pain Relief and Wellness in HoustonREQUEST AN APPOINTMENTHelping Houston patients regain their whole body wellnessthrough drug-free and natural chiropractic care since 1981.
Now accepting new patients. Request your appointment today.

Advanced Chiropractic Relief's
Remarkable 5-Star RatingsREAD OUR 5-STAR REVIEWSRead 5 star ratings from real patients who 
benefited from chiropractic treatment from Dr. Gregory Johnson.
REQUEST AN APPOINTMENTNFL Professional Football PlayersChiropractic Treatment forChiropractic Care is at the core of every football team'shealthcare team, which helps manage and prevent injuriesfor NFL professional football players.
Honoring Our Veterans with Chiropractic CareREAD MOREREQUEST AN APPOINTMENTThrough VA Fee Basis Care Program  
Your Houston Chiropractor
admin
2017-06-20T00:27:56+00:00Chronic PainNeck PainSubluxationSciaticaSpinal DecompressionPhysical MedicineCar Accident InjuriesChiropractic Treatments for Chronic PainNatural Pain Relief for spinal injuries, sports injuries, car accident injuries, back pain, neck pain, migraines, and more. If you are suffering from chronic pain due to back pain, neck pain, sports injuries, car accident injuries, or hiatal hernia, Dr. Johnson, Your Houston Chiropractor, helps treat the symptoms and the conditions through natural Chiropractic adjustments and techniques. Advanced Chiropractic Relief LLC provides individualized treatment plans which may include spinal manipulation, manual therapies and therapeutic exercises.Learn More on Chronic PainContact Us Chiropractic Treatments for Neck PainDr. Johnson, Your Houston Chiropractor, provides Chiropractic care for patients with neck pain in the Houston areaDr. Johnson, Your Houston Chiropractor, specializes in advanced Chiropractic adjustments and treatments for neck pain in Houston for decades now.Neck pain is one of the two top reasons people seek Chiropractic treatment. Dr. Johnson, your Houston Chiropractor, has been helping patients overcome neck pain since 1981. Through highly-skilled, gentle Chiropractic spinal adjustments, physical medicine and spinal decompression techniques, our patients are able to get back to and enjoy normal, active and pain-free life.Learn More on Neck PainContact Us Chiropractic Care for SubluxationDr. Johnson, Your Houston Chiropractor, is one of the leading Chiropractors in the Houston area that specializes in the Chiropractic treatment of subluxation which causes hiatal hernia.Hiatal hernia occurs when the stomach bulges through the diaphragm due to weakened muscles, caused by injury or severe pressure on the stomach muscles. Subluxation specialist Dr. Johnson understands that hiatal hernia can be painful and overwhelming. At the Advanced Chiropractic Relief LLC, we offer safe and effective natural treatment options that provide subluxation relief and support whole body health.Learn More on Hiatal HerniaContact Us Chiropractic Treatments for SciaticaSciatica is a common reason why people seek Chiropractic treatment from your Houston Chiropractor Dr. Johnson, who has been providing Chiropractic treatment for sciatica since 1981.Sciatica is a painful symptom of a nerve compression that makes standing, walking and sitting painful. Sciatica pain comes in different intensities and takes different forms, but usually appears in the form of persistent pain in one buttock that goes down the leg. Tingling or burning pain can sometimes numb or weaken the leg. Sciatica is not a condition by itself, but a symptom of a pinched sciatic nerve.Learn More on SciaticaContact Us Chiropractic Spinal DecompressionNon-surgical spinal decompression in Houston, through Chiropractic manipulations and adjustments, heals spinal disc from the inside.Dr. Johnson performs spinal decompression to relieve pressure from spinal discs to reshape and rehydrate injured, bulging or herniated discs to relieve the pinched nerves and its painful symptoms. Dr. Johnson carefully positions patients on a specially padded table to stabilize the hips and lock into position before performing a quick pull at the top of the spine, stretching and releasing every single vertebra.Learn More on Spinal DecompressionContact UsChiropractic Care with Physical MedicineChoose all natural Chiropractic adjustments and physical medicine from your Houston Chiropractor, Dr. Johnson, for lasting relief form aches and pains.After a sports injury or repetitive motion injury, many patients suffer from restricted mobility. Sports injuries like tennis elbow and golf elbow can cause repetitive motion injury, compromising range of motion, restricting mobility and causing chronic pain. Seek Chiropractic care from Advanced Chiropractic Relief LLC physical medicine to complement Chiropractic treatment to relieve pain and support the body’s natural healing process.Learn About Physical MedicineContact Us Car Accident Injuries Chiropractic CareGet a drug-free pain relief from car accident injuries through natural Chiropractic manipulations and adjustments.Are you suffering from back or neck pain due to a car accident? Car accident injuries can cause long-term traumatic damage to the musculoskeletal system, leading to years of chronic pain. Your Houston Chiropractor, Dr. Johnson, has decades of experience providing drug-free Chiropractic care for spine injury pain relief through gentle Chiropractic manipulation to re-align your spine so you can live an active and pain-free life.Chiropractic Treatment for Auto InjuriesContact Us 
Houston Chiropractic Care for Pain ReliefNatural Chiropractic Care Helps Houston Patients Regain Their Health and Wellness and Improve Quality of LifeAdvanced Chiropractic Relief LLC, a leading Chiropractic center in the heart of Houston, Texas provides an all natural, non-invasive pain management and whole body wellness, including Chiropractic treatment and care, manual therapy, physical therapy, and nutrition counselling. We are a diverse team of experienced healthcare providers that work together to integrate health and wellness into your treatment. Your Houston Chiropractor, Dr. Gregory Johnson, is an experienced provider of Chiropractic care in Houston and has been helping patients with debilitating conditions break free from pain for over 34 years.Meet Dr. JohnsonWatch what people say about Dr. JohnsonAdvanced Chiropractic Relief LLC VideosWatch More VideosRemarkable 5 Star Ratings for Advanced Chiropractic Relief LLC
For over three decades, patients from Houston and across the country have shared countless stories of how Dr. Gregory Johnson’s chiropractic expertise have changed their lives.Stelian C.Instant relief of most pain in the first visit and it gets better with each visit. Personalized care and you’re given homework to do to keep your spine aligned. Compared to other places, you’ll get every joint adjusted, you won’t have to schedule dozens of visits for relatively minor issues, and the office isn’t overbooked to run as many patients through as possible. Watch the YouTube videos. What you see is what you get. Tremendous service, absolutely worth it. Check with your medical insurance, visits may be covered.Rob S.I suffered from chronic lower back pain for 6 years. Sometimes it would get to the point that I couldn’t even walk. I considered back surgery and just never went through with it. I tried this doctor just to see if there would be any chance at sensing pain relief. I almost cried after my first adjustment. I had never felt pain free for 6 years. I couldn’t believe it. He completely changed my life and I would never go to anyone else but him. He is amazing and very genuine. I would tell everyone to come here for any pain issues with your body.AnaI highly recommend Dr. Johnson. I was diagnosed with 3 bulging discs in my lumbar area and after each manual decompression, I feel the difference, less painful and I’m able to do more. I went to see another chiropractor close to home and they wanted to practice the decompression with machines and it would have been more than 5k….for my treatment. I decided to go back to Dr. Johnson instead because the techniques he uses really work…Read 5 Star ReviewsReview Us2017 Doctor of the YearCONGRATULATIONS
Chiro Texpo 2017 Doctor of the Year
Hyatt Regency Dallas  |  June 9-11, 2017Dr. Gregory Johnson, DC has been awarded the 2017 Doctor of the Year Award for TCA District 11: Houston at the Chiro Texpo. The award is presented to doctors who have distinguished themselves for their service to TCA and their communities.The Chiro Texpo included 350+ doctors of chiropractic from Texas and surrounding states, chiropractic assistants/staff and other chiropractic professionals at TCA’s annual convention.Read MoreRequest an Appointment With Your Houston ChiropractorGet started, take the first step! Request an appointment for chiropractic care consultation with Dr. Gregory Johnson by filling out the form below or calling (281) 405-2611. We will respond within 48 hours after you submit the request.




 New Patient Returning Patient

YouTube 
 







 

 








Sign in

About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube


Terms
Privacy
Policy & Safety
Test new features




© 2017 YouTube, LLC




 




 




























Advanced Chiropractic Relief LLC - YouTube


































































 


Gregory Johnson | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Gregory JohnsonWeb | Desktop SpecialistLocationGreater Milwaukee AreaIndustryInternetRecommendations13 people have recommended Gregory302 connectionsView Gregory’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Gregory’s Full ProfileSummaryStudied under the profession of computer graphics: including web design and internet marketing. Currently furthering studies in the field of information science and technology. Work history includes desktop and web maintenance, in addition to providing creative services at the freelance level as well as consumer electronics sales and merchandising at the retail vendor level.SkillsWeb DesignWeb DevelopmentMultimediaSocial MediaMicrosoft OfficeDreamweaverAdobe Creative SuiteWebsite DevelopmentDigital PhotographyDigital MediaGraphic DesignPhotoshopAfter EffectsCSSVideo EditingSee 30+GraphicsVideoWordPressIllustratorEditingHTMLMacJavaScriptBrochuresPHPMobile Web DesignjQueryCMSContent Management Systems (CMS)InDesignProduct DemonstrationMotion GraphicsConsumer ElectronicsCreative WritingMySQLFTPWindowsPremiereVirtualBoxSearch Engine OptimizationEmail MarketingGoogle AnalyticsJavaAndroid StudioAdobe IllustratorSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!GroupsAdobe Dreamweaver GroupMobile Web & SmartphonesAdvertising FreelanceMicrosoft Technology AssociateAdobe After Effects GroupAdobe Software UsersApple Certified IT ProfessionalsSee 7 moreDigital Marketing: Social Media, Search, Mobile & moreWeb Design and DevelopmentBig Shoes NetworkDePaul Continuing and Professional EducationWeb Designer and HTML/CSS DeveloperDigital MarketingAdobe Photoshop GroupSee lessView Gregory’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Gregory directlyView Gregory’s Full ProfileNot the Gregory you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishPeople Also ViewedHeidi CatlinInstructional Technology CoordinatorStacci BarganzGifted and Talented Coordinator, EdTech Specialist, Education Trainer, Javits-Frasier Scholar, Google Certified TrainerYordanos TsegayStaffing ManagerDeiadra GardnerMike YohannesFinance & Facility Director at HeartLove Place MinistriesBrianna EllisElementary Media Specialist at Plainfield Community Consolidated School District #202Dorion LeeDesktop Support Technician Intern at SoftHQ IncIke GherezgherExecutive Vice President at ATC Financial, LLCAmy KlineLibrary Media Specialist at Green Bay Area Public School DistrictScott LangumG.M. at Getting There is Half the Fun!Public profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Gregory JohnsonFirst NameLast NameExample:  Gregory JohnsonGregory "Bear"​ JohnsonConsultant - Commercial Construction IndustryUnited StatesGregory Mark JohnsonSenior Vice President,  Business Growth,  Xero AmericasUnited StatesGregory JohnsonChief Revenue Officer at cogintUnited StatesGregory A JohnsonRelationship Manager at All American Medical SuppplyUnited StatesGregory R. Johnson, MD, SFHMChief Medical Officer, Gulf Region at Sound PhysiciansUnited StatesMore professionals named Gregory JohnsonLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country

























Martineau & Johnson Injury Law










































 















				Call Us... We Can Help  480-218-4000











WE TAKE YOUR PERSONAL INJURY PERSONALLY!
Our commitment is to provide you with honest, aggressive, legal representation to obtain the best results possible.














Request More Information





 




Scroll down to read more 

Our Expertise

At Martineau & Johnson Injury Law, our goal is to get you the best possible outcome for your case. We are fully committed to providing our clients with an honest and aggressive legal representation that is unlike any other in the state.



Personal Injuryread more 






Auto Accidentsread more 






Truck Accidentsread more 






Motorcycle Accidentsread more 






Bicycle Accidentsread more 






Burn Injuryread more 






Medical Malpracticeread more 






Birth Traumaread more 






Dog Bitesread more 






Slip & Fall Injuryread more 






Wrongful Deathread more 








GET A FREE CONSULTATION.
Whether you or a family member has been injured in a car accident or your injuries were caused by someone else's negligence, an experienced attorney can make a significant difference. THERE IS NO RISK!
Read More









WHY CHOOSE US?
The Martineau & Johnson Injury Law is a small, personalized law firm committed to taking care of YOU! We truly do take your personal injury personally—and we will aggressively work to protect your rights and recover for your damages from the moment we meet.
Read More
ABOUT US
The personal injury, car accident and medical malpractice attorneys at the Martineau & Johnson Injury Law have been helping those that are seriously injured and their surviving family members for over 10 years. We are dedicated solely to representing real people with real problems who have experienced catastrophic injuries or the wrongful death of a family member caused by the negligence of others. We are proud to help our clients restore their future.
Read More





About Martineau & Johnson Injury Law

The personal injury, car accident and medical malpractice attorneys at the Martineau & Johnson Injury Law have been helping those that are seriously injured and their surviving family members for over 10 years. We are dedicated solely to representing real people with real problems who have experienced catastrophic injuries or the wrongful death of a family member caused by the negligence of others. We are proud to help our clients restore their future.
The Martineau & Johnson Injury Law has successfully brought cases against major corporations, employers, state agencies, hospitals, doctors, nurses, trucking companies, and other wrongdoers. We bring aggressive, successful representation to you and fight hard for the maximum amount of compensation you are entitled to under the law.




We are fully committed to providing our clients with an honest and aggressive legal representation that is unlike any other in the state. W. Raymond Johnson III, Esq. is one of the most trusted and respected personal injury lawyers in Mesa, AZ and is also the man behind Martineau & Johnson Injury Law Group.





Visit Us In Our Office!
4445 E Holmes Ave #107, Mesa, AZ 85206












            MENU
        


HomeWhy Choose Us▼Personal Injury Attorney ProfilesMeet Our StaffLaw Firm PressPersonal Injury Lawyer BlogServices▼Get Free ConsultationHome or Hospital VisitsHelp Finding a DoctorHelp With Car Repairs and RentalHelp Recovering Lost WagesRecommendations for RayNewsContact Us 



  























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













SpyFly


































































Spy Fly
















facebook
twitter
google_plus




Member Login



 




Find Out Everything
Quick and easy public record checks









First Name



Last Name



Select a State

- Select State -
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming 














Phone and Email Records
SpyFly strives to provide accurate and up-to-date phone and email records  that you can rely on. 
View Records


Address History
SpyFly's address history lists current and past locations featuring an interactive map.
View Records


Career, Lifestyle, and More
With SpyFly you can access career and lifestyle info, relatives, associates, and much more.
View Records






DISCLAIMER: SpyFly provides affordable, immediate access to public record information. It is PROHIBITED by law to use our service or the information contained on our website to make decisions about employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly does not provide private investigator services, consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Please be EXTREMELY careful when reviewing a person’s criminal history. Please DO NOT use this information without further investigating the accuracy of the information. The information available on our website may not be complete, accurate, or current. For more information, please review SpyFly Terms of Use.
 










WARNING!
The website you are about to access contains public records that may include phone numbers, email addresses, contact information, address history, careeer info, relatives, associates, and criminal records (DUI/DWI, felonies, misdemeanors, theft, sex crimes, etc.). 
					
					By clicking "Continue" you agree to not use our service or our information to make decisions about  employment, insurance, consumer credit, tenant screening, or for any other purpose subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq. SpyFly is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
					

Continue

open lightbox
open lightbox



Creating private search...


1. Your Search is private 
2. We never notify the person you are searching 
3. We don't share search history with third-parties 

Establishing a private connection




Connecting to secure GEO database...




.


Optimizing Network Connection



Accessing Secure Connection...



Connecting to Federal, State, and County databases...



Establishing Privacy Protocol. Your search will be anonymous...








One Moment...



Ready to Search all available databases

Continue







Searching for   of ...
Please wait while we retrieve city, county, and state records.









Initiating Nationwide Search...
Searching through millions of public records 



Screening State and County Archives...
Identifying possible subjects that match search criteria...



Downloading matches from Database... 
Isolating possible subject matches




facebook

Person A, Somewhere
Testimonial One...



facebook

Person B, Somewhere
Testimonial Two...



facebook

Person C, Somewhere
Testimonial Three...




SEARCH COMPLETE!


Please enter your email address below to immediately view results











Privacy Policy | 
			Terms of Use




SEARCH COMPLETE!







 



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v























 






Johnson Gregory Found! | Check For Arrests, Warrants 










































 


 





 Johnson Gregory Found!!  Check For Arrests, Warrants 
    Show Me Johnson's Records 





 Please take into consideration that Johnson Gregory's records can only be used for personal reasons. For example locating old friends and family or verifying if a person has criminal history and if they can be trusted, to name a few.

You cannot use these records for consumer credit, tenant screening, employment, insurance qualifications or anything else that may be subjected to the Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 USC 1681 et seq.
Johnson Gregory's records do not contain credit scores and reports. We and our partners are not a consumer reporting agency.
Click here to continue.
 





 Discover Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Johnson Gregory 


 

Arrest Records, Warrants, DWI and MugshotsIf Johnson’s ever had a run-in with the law then his records will show where, when and why.


Addresses, Phone and EmailJohnson’s record will show current and past mailing addresses, phone numbers and any email addresses he’s had.


Marriage, Divorce and Birth RecordsImportant events from Johnson’s life have been compiled from state and local county.

  

Sex Offender RegistryFind out instantly if Johnson is registered as a sex offender and if he is a threat.


Hidden Online ProfilesFind out all of Johnson’s online social media profiles and any hidden ones you’re not supposed to know about.


Assets, Businesses and LicensesFind out if Johnson is hiding any assets, owns any businesses and what licenses they are registered for.

  Show Me Johnson's Records 


 Instant Access Anywhere and Anytime 


 

100% Anonymous and Instant
In a few minutes from now you'll get full access to Johnson's background in the comforts of home.
Johnson will not know you are looking up their background and pulling records.
With state of the art connection your search is also secure from prying eyes.


 


 Look Up Anyone You Want 



 Get Johnson's Records + Unlimited Searches
In addition to getting a full background on Johnson Gregory, which includes contact info, arrest records, assets, bankruptcies and more, you'll also get full access to our database 24/7.
Look up anyone else you want so long as they reside in the United States of America.
Whether it's celebrities, family members or friends you're not restricted on your search.
  Get Me Johnson's Records and Unlimited Searches on Anyone I Want 
     




Copyright 2016 - 911arrests.com - All Rights Reserved 



























