




















 



 John Hancock Life Insurance Launches New Indexed Universal Life and Premier Life Products 
         










    










 






 











 









John Hancock Life Insurance Launches New Indexed Universal Life and Premier Life Products

		  -- Indexed UL Offers Cash Value Accumulation Potential With Guaranteed Protection Against Market Downturns-- Optional Uncapped Indexed Account Credits Interest Annually Without A Ceiling On The Amount Of Interest Credits-- Premier Life Combines Predictable Benefits Of Whole Life With Adaptability Of Flexible Premium Adjustable Life Insurance Policies
		

Nov 01, 2011, 10:29 ET
		  		  					
									 from   John Hancock Life Insurance 











 
















































 

 




















 


BOSTON, Nov. 1, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- John Hancock Life Insurance has launched two new products that enhance its portfolio and offer consumers expanded choices. 
Indexed UL is designed to appeal to consumers who want downside protection with the potential for growth through participation in equity market returns. Premier Life(1) is designed to meet the needs of clients looking for a flexible alternative to whole life.
Indexed UL is a permanent life insurance policy with cash value accumulation potential and protection against market downturns. Indexed UL offers two Indexed Account options that credit interest based on annual changes to the S&P 500®(2) Index: a Capped Indexed Account(3) that currently credits up to 13 percent and an Uncapped Indexed Account(3) that currently credits up to the full performance of the S&P 500, less 5.5 percent. Both Indexed Account options offer a 0% minimum interest rate floor—eliminating market-based losses. 
Premier Life offers many of the same features as a whole life policy, including reliable guarantees and attractive cash value growth potential. It also offers flexible premium payments, a key shortfall of participating whole life policies.
Both Indexed UL and Premier Life offer Long-Term Care coverage—an optional rider not available on whole life contracts or with most other Indexed UL policies. Both contracts also offer a host of other riders and features that address business and personal insurance needs.
"These two new products further demonstrate John Hancock's commitment to developing innovative and attractive product solutions in response to market conditions," said Steve Finch, President, John Hancock Life Insurance. "The new Indexed UL offers a unique combination of opportunity and safety, while Premier Life offers many of the values and guarantees you would expect from a whole life policy, but with much more premium flexibility."
About John Hancock Financial and Manulife Financial Corporation
John Hancock Financial is a unit of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading Canadian-based financial services group serving millions of customers in 21 countries and territories worldwide. Operating as Manulife Financial in Canada and in most of Asia, and primarily as John Hancock in the United States, Manulife Financial Corporation offers clients a diverse range of financial protection products and wealth management services through its extensive network of employees, agents and distribution partners. Funds under management by Manulife Financial and its subsidiaries were $481 billion (US$498 billion) as at June 30, 2011. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as 'MFC' on the TSX, NYSE and PSE, and under '945' on the SEHK. Manulife Financial can be found on the Internet at www.manulife.com. 
The John Hancock unit, through its insurance companies, comprises one of the largest life insurers in the United States. John Hancock offers a broad range of financial products and services, including life insurance, fixed and variable annuities, fixed products, mutual funds, 401(k) plans, long-term care insurance, college savings, and other forms of business insurance. Additional information about John Hancock may be found at www.johnhancock.com.
Policy Form Series: 11PRLIFE11INDUL
1. Premier Life is a flexible premium adjustable life insurance policy.
2. Excluding dividends. Standard & Poor's®, S&P®, S&P 500®, Standard & Poor's 500 and 500 are trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and have been licensed for use by John Hancock. The Product is not sponsored, sold, endorsed or promoted by Standard & Poor's, and Standard & Poor's makes no representation regarding the advisability of purchasing the Product. The S&P 500® Index is an index of 500 stocks that are generally representative of the performance of leading companies in leading industries within the U.S. You cannot invest directly in the S&P 500® Index.
3. In New York, the current Cap Rate is 12% and the current Threshold Rate is 6%.
Both Indexed Accounts use a point-to-point interest crediting strategy with 1-year segments. The Index Segment Interest Credit proceeds are calculated and earned at Segment Maturity only.  If the policy terminates for any reason, any unmatured Segments will not earn interest credit.
The Participation Rate (100% guaranteed) is the percentage of the change in the value of the Index over the Segment Term that will be recognized in the calculation of the Interest Credit earned on either of the Indexed Account options. 
On its Segment Maturity Date, each Segment earns interest at a rate equal to the rate of change in the Index over the Segment Term subject to a guaranteed 0% Segment Floor rate and, depending on the Indexed Account option elected, either a Segment Cap or Segment Threshold rate. Please contact your representative to discuss the differences between these options and for our current rates
The Fixed Account credits a declared rate that will never be lower than the guaranteed annual rate of 2.50%.
The policy does not directly participate in any stock or equity investments.
There are cost of insurance, surrender, and other charges associated with this policy.
Guaranteed product features are dependent upon minimum premium requirements and the claims-paying ability of the issuer.
Premier Life policies automatically include a no-lapse guarantee called the Death Benefit Protection (DBP) feature. This feature guarantees that the policy will not default until the insured reaches attained age 100, even if the cash surrender value falls to zero or below, provided that the DBP Value remains greater than zero and policy debt never exceeds the Policy Value. Policy owners who pay only the minimum premium required to keep the Death Benefit Protection in effect may find the Policy Value to be insufficient to keep the policy in force beyond the DBP period (a maximum of age 100).  Thereafter, premiums significantly higher than the DBP Premium may be required to keep the policy from lapsing at the end of the DBP period. Factors such as, but not limited to, the amount and timing of premium payments, loans, withdrawals, or any other change allowed under the contract could potentially terminate the DBP Feature prior to age 100. Once terminated, the DBP feature cannot be reinstated.
The No-Lapse Guarantee (NLG) is automatically included with Indexed UL. It guarantees that the policy will not default, even if the cash surrender value falls to zero or below, provided the NLG cumulative premium test performed at the point of lapse is met and policy debt does not exceed the policy value. At the end of the No-Lapse Guarantee period, the policy value may be insufficient to keep the policy in force.  Thereafter, premiums significantly higher than the No-Lapse Guarantee premium may be required to keep the policy in force.  If you pay only the premium to satisfy the No-Lapse Guarantee, you may be foregoing the advantage of building up policy value.  Once lapsed, the guarantee cannot be reinstated.  The maximum duration of the NLG is 15 years with lesser durations for older ages. The No-Lapse Guarantee is reduced to 5 years if you elect the Return of Premium rider or if you elect to increase the Supplemental Face Amount.  In Illinois the NLG is called "Death Benefit Protection." Factors such as, but not limited to, loans, withdrawals, or any other change allowed under the contract could potentially terminate the No-Lapse Guarantee.  
Insurance policies and/or associated riders and features may not be available in all states.  Some riders may have additional fees and expenses associated with them.
Insurance products are issued by: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.), Boston, MA 02116 (not licensed in New York) and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York, Valhalla, NY 10595.
 SOURCE  John Hancock Life Insurance  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.johnhancock.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Sep 05, 2012, 11:47 ET
Preview: John Hancock Life Insurance Wins Eight Industry Awards For Excellence In Sales Materials













Jun 09, 2011, 12:28 ET
Preview: John Hancock Life Insurance Launches New Survivorship Universal Life Product






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
 












News | John Hancock













 
Skip to main content




















Home


            News
        







Latest News


John Hancock introduces new Variable Universal Life Insurance with Vitality
Jul 25, 2017
John Hancock today launched a new Protection variable universal life product, Protection VUL that offers significantly lower premiums and cash value growth potential, giving consumers the...


Brian Heapps, Former Head of Signator Investors, Inc., Named President and Managing Partner of Edgewood Financial Network
Jul 18, 2017
Brian Heapps, CLU, ChFC, has been named managing partner and president of Edgewood Financial Network, it was announced by Edgewood's founder, Robert Mitchell. Heapps will take over the day-to-day...


Advisor Team Affiliates with VantagePointe Financial Group, LLC and Signator Investors, Inc.
Jul 12, 2017
A 17-member advisor team is affiliating with Signator Investors, Inc., bringing $1.1Billion in assets under management. The group, formerly Royal Securities Company of Grandville, MI, will remain...


John Hancock Investments lowers fund expenses
Jul 10, 2017
John Hancock Investments today announced expense reductions on six mutual funds and two closed-end funds that together represent more than $6.9 billion in assets under management. Reductions of up...


Boston Marathon Fundraising Raises $34.2 Million in 2017 Race
Jun 28, 2017
Boston Marathon participants who ran on behalf of more than 200 non-profit organizations raised $34.2 million for charity in the 121st year of the historic race. The fundraising total represents a...


John Hancock Vitality Campaign Honored as Stevie® Award Winner in 2017 American Business Awards(SM)
Jun 21, 2017
John Hancock was named the winner of two Stevie&reg; awards in the Communications or PR Campaign/Program of the Year category for its work with global communications firm Weber Shandwick on a...


John Hancock honored with Grand Stevie&reg; at 2017 American Business Awards(SM)
Jun 21, 2017
John Hancock was named a Grand Stevie winner at the 2017 American Business Awards last night at the 15th annual banquet in New York City, in recognition of the quantity and quality of the...


John Hancock Insurance Introduces John Hancock ExpressTrack&trade; to Significantly Accelerate and Simplify the Life Insurance Purchasing Process
Jun 13, 2017
John Hancock Insurance has introduced a new underwriting approach that accelerates the life insurance buying process and provides many consumers with a faster and easier way to get the important...


John Hancock Investments builds ETF team, naming Neil Kay to lead West Coast effort
Jun 12, 2017
John Hancock Investments said today that it has named Neil Kay as Managing Director, ETFs, for the West Coast, as part of the firm's expansion of its ETF team. Mr. Kay, who joins from Lattice...


50 Graduates of Year-Long EPIC Program Find Increased Self-Awareness and Confidence
May 26, 2017
Earlier this week, fifty 11-14 year-olds graduated from EPIC: Enhancing Potential, Inspiring Change, a program developed with the aim of increasing self-awareness and confidence in at-risk youth...


John Hancock Investments adds fee-based share class to its John Hancock Freedom 529 college savings plan
May 22, 2017
John Hancock Investments expanded the share classes available in its college savings plan, John Hancock Freedom 529, to include a fee-based share class, Class F, for all of its 22 unique...


John Hancock Recognized as a Top Employer by FORBES
May 9, 2017
John Hancock was named as one of Forbes magazine's America's Best Employers 2017. A list ranking the top 500 large employers across 25 industries, nationwide. Thousands of John Hancock employees...


John Hancock Announces Second Year of Sponsorship for the Cooking Light & Health Fit Foodie Festival & 5K Series
May 8, 2017
John Hancock will repeat as host sponsor of the Cooking Light & Health Fit Foodie Festival & 5K, a five-city series that will take place in Austin, Texas; Fairfax, Virginia; Denver, Colorado;...


John Hancock Retirement Plan Services Appoints Chad Stewart Regional Vice President in Washington, D.C.
Apr 27, 2017
John Hancock Retirement Plan Services has appointed Chad Stewart as Regional Vice President in John Hancock's Washington, D.C. region. He is responsible for sales and relationship development with...


John Hancock Brings Boston Marathon Champions and Other Elite Kenyan Runners to Hopkinton Marathon Rally
Apr 13, 2017
John Hancock brought 2012 men's champion Wesley Korir, 2015 women's champion Caroline Rotich, and several other elite Kenyan athletes to a pre-marathon rally with nearly 600 students from...


Boston Marathon Champions Wesley Korir and Caroline Rotich join 250 Boston School Children at John Hancock's Scholars and Stars
Apr 12, 2017
Today Boston Marathon principal sponsor John Hancock, in partnership with the UNICEF USA New England region, hosted an event at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center for 250 students...


Nearly Half of Investors Expect a Federal Tax Refund, and About 60 Percent Plan to Save That
Apr 11, 2017
A recent survey of investors by John Hancock Financial found that 48 percent expect to receive a Federal tax refund this year, and nearly sixty percent of those investors plan to direct that cash...


John Hancock Named Most Innovative Insurer by Insurance Nexus
Apr 7, 2017
John Hancock received the Most Innovative Insurer award at the Insurance Nexus USA conference, held recently in Chicago. The Insurance Innovation Awards recognize the industry's most innovative...


John Hancock Financial Announces Elite Athlete Ambassadors for 2017 Boston Marathon Past Champions, Olympians, and Dick and Rick Hoyt Invited as Race Week Ambassadors
Apr 5, 2017
John Hancock today announced its Elite Athlete Ambassador Team for the 2017 Boston Marathon to be held on April 17. Boston Marathon champions Greg Meyer, Joan Benoit Samuelson, Bill Rodgers, Uta...


Signator Investors, Inc. Names Joseph Terry as Chief Compliance Officer
Apr 4, 2017
Signator Investors, Inc. has named Joseph Terry chief compliance officer, with responsibilities for overall compliance, it was announced today by Christopher Maryanopolis, head of Signator...


John Hancock Disciplined Value Mid Cap Fund named to Investor's Business Daily 2017 Best Mutual Funds List
Apr 4, 2017
John Hancock Disciplined Value Mid Cap (JVMAX) is an Investor's Business Daily 2017 Best Mutual Funds Award Winner, in the second annual ranking by the investment publication, announced last week....


Bullish Investors Drive John Hancock Investor Sentiment Index&reg; to Highest Point in Nearly Two Years
Apr 4, 2017
Investor sentiment rose during the second half of 2016 and into the start of 2017, buoyed by investors' confidence in the improving stock market, according to the John Hancock Investor Sentiment...


John Hancock Investments honored with 2017 Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards
Mar 31, 2017
Two funds in the John Hancock Investments family were honored at the 2017 Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Awards event held last week in New York City. John Hancock Fundamental Global Franchise Fund...


John Hancock Recognized as an American Heart Association Fit-Friendly Worksite
Mar 28, 2017
John Hancock has been recognized as a Platinum-Level Fit-Friendly Worksite by the American Heart Association for helping employees with their total wellbeing. "Physical activity and employee...


Mayor Walsh Joins Boston Marathon Legend Bill Rodgers and Olympic Marathoners Desiree Linden and Eric Gillis to Reveal 2017 Boston Marathon Street Banners
Mar 21, 2017
In a brief program on Boylston Street this morning, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined elite marathoners Bill Rodgers, Desiree Linden and Eric Gillis to help race sponsor John Hancock reveal its 2017...


New Accumulation Indexed Universal Life Product Series from John Hancock Features Strong Income Potential to Help Consumers Better Prepare for Retirement
Mar 14, 2017
John Hancock today launched a new Accumulation indexed universal life (IUL) product series with improved income potential, expanded indexed account options and a new performance report to help...


John Hancock Insurance Launches Initiative Focused on Meeting the Insurance Planning Needs of Women
Mar 8, 2017
Today John Hancock introduced a new initiative designed to help advisors better address the financial needs of women. The launch of the "Insurance Planning for Women" program coincides with...


John Hancock Recognized by National Association for Business Resources among the Nation's Best and Brightest in Wellness&reg; for 2016
Feb 28, 2017
The National Association for Business Resources (NABR) has named John Hancock among the nation's Best and Brightest in Wellness&reg;. The Best and Brightest in Wellness&reg;, is a national program that...


New term life insurance portfolio from John Hancock features significantly lower premiums to appeal to a broader range of consumers
Feb 23, 2017
John Hancock today announced a new term life insurance portfolio featuring significantly lower premiums for consumers and new features and benefits, including an Unemployment Protection rider. The...


Signator launches recruiting ad campaign
Feb 22, 2017
Signator Investors, Inc. today announced the start of a print, web and social media advertising campaign designed to communicate the independent broker-dealer's resources to help advisors build...


Nfocus Financial Partners of Dallas Named "Practice of the Year" by Signator Investors, Inc.
Feb 13, 2017
Nfocus Financial Partners, led by Founding Partners Michael J. Smith, IAR, CLU, ChFC, LUTCF, and Lucas Lawson, IAR, CLU, was named Practice of the Year by Signator Investors, Inc. This national...


John Hancock Investments' CEO makes the case for open-architecture target-date funds in new white paper
Feb 6, 2017
John Hancock Investments published a new white paper today entitled "Target-date funds: embracing open architecture in retirement's most important investment option," by Andrew G. Arnott,...


John Hancock Investments debuts new names for target-date fund suites, highlighting open architecture and lower costs for retirement savers
Feb 1, 2017
John Hancock Investments today completed a repositioning of its target-date portfolios for the defined contribution (DC) retirement plan marketplace. The portfolios now have new names and lower...


World Premiere of BOSTON set for One Boston Day, April 15, 2017
Jan 27, 2017
John Hancock Financial the title sponsor of BOSTON, the first feature-length documentary film about the history of the iconic Boston Marathon, announced today it will partner with the Boston...


John Hancock Investments launches Market Intelligence app for iPad
Jan 19, 2017
John Hancock Investments today announced that Market Intelligence, an award-winning guide to the financial markets, is now available on iPad. Over the past two years, Market Intelligence has...


John Hancock Investments names Lee Small as sales manager, wirehouses and regionals, for Western region
Jan 17, 2017
John Hancock Investments today announced a major appointment to its national sales effort, naming Lee Small as Western Divisional Sales Manager for the Wirehouse and Regional Channel. Mr. Small...


John Hancock Retirement Plan Services Appoints Regan Muldoon Regional Vice President in Southeast
Jan 13, 2017
John Hancock Retirement Plan Services has appointed Regan Muldoon as Regional Vice President in John Hancock's Southeast Division. Based in Atlanta, she is responsible for sales and relationship...


Boston Teens Earn nearly $10M over 10 Years through John Hancock's MLK Summer Scholars Program
Jan 12, 2017
Coinciding with the weekend honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s inspiring legacy, John Hancock is awarding $1 million in grants through its MLK Summer Scholars program to support 64 non-profit...


John Hancock Financial Announces 2017 Boston Marathon International Elite Field
Jan 12, 2017
In its 32nd year as principal sponsor of the Boston Marathon, John Hancock Financial today announced the elite field for the 121st Boston Marathon on April 17. A complete field list follows. Six...


John Hancock Investments launches national advertising campaign
Jan 9, 2017
John Hancock Investments today announced the start of a national TV advertising campaign designed to communicate the benefits of the firm's unique multimanager approach to investing. The ads...


John Hancock Investments' ETFs now available on E*TRADE's Commission-Free ETF platform
Jan 5, 2017
John Hancock Investments announced that 11 of its strategic beta ETFs are now available to investors on E*TRADE's commission-free ETF platform. "Expanding investor access to our ETFs is a key...


John Hancock Announces Top Americans For 2017 Boston Marathon
Dec 21, 2016
John Hancock Financial today announced the U.S. Elite Team for the Boston Marathon on April 17, 2017. The exceptional team, recruited to compete with a deep international field, includes the men's...


John Hancock Investments launches international ETF
Dec 16, 2016
John Hancock Investments has expanded its exchange-traded fund (ETF) product lineup today with the launch of John Hancock Multifactor Developed International ETF. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP, a...


John Hancock Announces Return of Champions to 2017 Boston Marathon
Dec 14, 2016
John Hancock Financial, the principal sponsor of the Boston Marathon since 1986, today announced the return of 2016 Boston Marathon champions Atsede Baysa and Lemi Berhanu Hayle of Ethiopia to...


John Hancock Investments expands its sustainable investment lineup, launching two new ESG funds
Dec 14, 2016
John Hancock Investments today announced the addition of two new funds focused on integrating environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues with fundamental security analysis: John Hancock...


John Hancock Earns Top Marks in 2017 Corporate Equality Index
Dec 5, 2016
John Hancock, a division of Canada-based financial services company Manulife, proudly announced that it received a perfect score of 100 percent on the 2017 Corporate Equality Index (CEI), a...


John Hancock #GivingTuesday Effort Sets Single-Day Boston Marathon Fundraising Record
Dec 1, 2016
John Hancock's second annual #GivingTuesday campaign set a new single-day Boston Marathon fundraising record. On #GivingTuesday, a global day of giving celebrated on the Tuesday following...


John Hancock Investments adds key personnel in continued build-out of ETF and UCITS businesses
Nov 28, 2016
John Hancock Investments has named Luji Brock and Brad Feeley as new members of its institutional sales team. Ms. Brock, CMFC&reg;, AIF&reg;, is a managing director supporting the firm's UCITS business,...


John Hancock Vitality insurance policyholders can now pay for Apple Watch with exercise
Nov 15, 2016
John Hancock today announced the launch of its new Vitality Active Rewards with Apple Watch program, which gives John Hancock Vitality life insurance policyholders the opportunity to earn a new...


John Hancock Investments names Philip Casparius to wire-house team
Nov 15, 2016
John Hancock Investments said today that Philip G. Casparius has joined the national accounts team as senior managing director for wire-house strategy and alliances. The appointment was effective...




























Interest rate for Universal Life products compared to John Hancock's new Protection UL - Life Insurance Recommendations







































Life Insurance RecommendationsExpert life insurance broker and independent agent, 18 years experience, resource center for permanent life insurance:  Whole Life, Universal Life, Indexed UL,  Guaranteed Universal Life, as well as term




 
Home
In Your 70s

Age 70
Age 71
Age 72
Age 73
Age 74


In your 60s

Age 60
Age 61
Age 62
Age 63
Age 64
Age 65
Age 66
Age 67
Age 68
Age 69


In Your 50s

Age 50
Age 51
Age 52
Age 53
Age 54
Age 55
Age 56
Age 57
Age 58
Age 59


In your 40s

Age 40
Age 41
Age 42
Age 43
Age 44
Age 45
Age 46
Age 47
Age 48
Age 49


In your 20s or 30s

Return of Premium Term
Age 39
Age 38
Age 35
Age 36
Age 37


In Your 80s
Policy Types

New York State Products


Policy Review

Family history underwriting guide by company
Carrier Guide to Annual Statements
Blood Test Results
Alternative Tobacco & Quitting Tobacco Guide
Cost of Insurance Trap
Term Conversion
Height and Weight Chart


Child Life Insurance
Guaranteed Universal Life
Estate Planning

Survivorship Life Insurance
Life Insurance Trusts


Indexed Universal Life

Index Selections by Carrier

International Index Selections: Indexed Universal Life


Indexed Survivorship Universal Life
Cap rates: highest Indexed UL
Loans: Indexed UL carriers compared
Fixed account: best current fixed rates Indexed UL
Guarantees: Indexed UL carriers compared
Surrender Charges: Indexed UL carriers compared


Guaranteed Acceptance Life Insurance
Business Life Insurance
Life Insurance that pays for Long Term Care: the hybrids

Life Insurance with Critical Illness Benefits


Whole Life

Final Expense Ages 60 – 69
Final Expense Ages 70 – 79
Joint First-to-Die Whole Life


Foreign Nationals
Blog
Companies

Penn Mutual
Accordia Life and Annuity Company Ratings
Lincoln
Banner Life
Genworth
MassMutual

MassMutual Tops in Comparison Tests


Protective Life

Protective Life notable products or features
Protective Custom Choice UL


American General
Cincinnati Life
Nationwide
Allianz
AXA Equitable
Security Life of Denver
Prudential
Pacific Life
Transamerica
Symetra Life
John Hancock
SBLI
Minnesota Life
Principal

Height and Weight Chart: Principal


Vantis
Guardian
Reliastar
American National
United of Omaha
Assurity
National Life


About Sean Drummey

#11 (no title)


Contact Sean

   








« Sleeping pills as life threatening and impact on life insurance rates    Indexed Universal Life switching between variable and standard loans » 
Interest rate for Universal Life products compared to John Hancock’s new Protection UL 
John Hancock has introduced a new version of their universal life product called “Protection UL”.  The rating agency Fitch on February 14th revised John Hancock’s parent company Manulife’s outlook to negative.   Manulife posted a 4th quarter loss in 2011.   From the Financial Post:
“Manulife attributed the loss to a goodwill writedown of $665-million on its John Hancock business in the United States that it said was related to low interest rates.”
Evidently Manulife has been in a recovery period.
“Mr. Bell took over as chief financial officer in the summer of 2009 and played a major role in Manulife’s recovery from losses suffered in the financial crisis related to exposure to guaranteed annuities.”
On John Hancock’s new Protection UL,  non guaranteed assumed interest rate of 5.20%, seems high given the current low interest rate environment and their 2011 performance.  Compare John Hancock life insurance illustration current non guaranteed rate to other carrier UL products.  Most products listed here have a focus on cash value accumulation.
3.00%     Banner Life  “Choice UL”
3.25%     Nationwide ” Yourlife Current Assumption UL”
3.45%     American General  “Elite UL”
3.50%     Lincoln  ” Lincoln LifeReserve UL”
3.75%     AXA Equitable “Athena Universal Life”
3.90%     MassMutual “Acccumulator Universal Life”  years 1-10; 4.40 years 11+
3.95%     Principal  “Universal Life Flex”
4.00%     Aviva “LifeStage UL”
4.00%     Protective  “Modlife UL 1-11”
4.00%     Prudential “Universal Life Protector”
4.00%     Transamerica  “TransAEC CV”
4.55%     Penn Mutual  “Guaranteed Protection UL”
4.75%     North American “Custom Growth CV” years 1-10; 5.75% years 11-20; 5.90% years 21+
4.80%    ING  “ING UL-CV”
5.00%    Minnesota Life “Accumulator Universal Life”   years 1-15; 5.30% years 16+
5.20%    John Hancock “Protector UL”
5.35%    MetLife  “Guarantee Advantage UL”
The higher the interest rate assumption, the better the hypothetical cash values and policy values look on the illustration charts.  Conversely the higher the interest rate assumption on a non guaranteed Universal Life, the higher the bar that’s set for the policy to make it to age 100.   With an interest rate assumption over 5%, if a policy starts crediting in the 4% or 3% range for a number of years, that means it would depend on guaranteed elements or increased premium to keep the policy in force.
In 2012 seeing a UL with a lower non guaranteed interest rate assumptions is not necessarily a bad sign, because it more realistically reflects current interest rate environment.  You have to look harder at a rate above the norm.   Rates should be sustainably realistic for a non guaranteed Universal Life policy to last a lifetime as planned.
 
Note:  Rates are current as of 3/2/2012 and are accurate to the best of my knowledge.  The non guaranteed rates are subject to change.
 March 2nd, 2012 |  Category: American General Life Insurance Company, Aviva Life and Annuity Company, Aviva Life Insurance, AXA Equitable, Banner Life, Cash Value, John Hancock life, John Hancock Life Insurance Company, Lincoln Life, Lincoln National Life Insurance Company, Minnesota Life, Minnesota Life Insurance Company, North American Company for Life and Health Insurance, North American Life, Penn Mutual, Penn Mutual Life Insurance Company, Permanent Life Insurance, policy illustration, Protective Life, Prudential life insurance, Transamerica Life, Transamerica Life Insurance Co, Universal Life, universal life insurance  
Comments are closed.






Recent Posts

John Hancock discontinues Individual LTC Insurance Sales
Drug Overdoses the Synthetic Opioids Crossover
John Hancock’s High Performance Protection UL
The Level Above Term Life Insurance
Survivorship Indexed Universal Life for cash value accumulation
Providing Life insurance Beneficiaries Social Security Numbers
Breakthrough in Life Insurance Chronic Care Benefit
Life Insurance Opens Up for Those HIV-Positive
Unclaimed Life Insurance Rules Tightened in Florida
LTC Insurance Woes make Hybrid Life/LTC Look Even Better for 2016
Universal Life three structure options
Indexed UL illustrations reforms: the elusive level playing field
Legislation to Bury Unclaimed Life Insurance Benefits
Forever 60, notable individuals who died at age 60
Is Indexed Universal Life Better Than UL?
Transamerica withdraws TransACE products
Limitation of Chronic Illness Rider for Long Term Care: Recovery
A Chronic Illness Rider Gets Approved in California
Reforming Indexed Universal Life Illustrations
Spouse as owner of a life insurance policy



Consumer Links

A Consumer Guide To Life Insurance: from YOUR North Carolina Department of Insurance (pdf)
Company profiles: Assets & Liabilities, complaints, TX Dept. of Insurance
Consumer Guides: Life Insurance & Annuities: Florida Dept. of Insurance (pdf)
Consumers' Guide to Life Settlements (pdf)
Insurance Company Websites in Arkansas
Life and Annuities Information: Oregon Dept. of Insurance
Life Insurance Toolkit: Ohio Dept. of Insurance
Protects policy holders in cases of life insurance company insolvency
Services for Consumers: NC Dept. of Insurance
Thinking about selling your life insurance policy? Oregon Dept. of Insurance guide
Understanding Life Insurance: Texas Dept. of Insurance
What Consumers Need to Know About Life Insurance Benefit Payment Options

Estate Planning

When is the best time to pay income taxes on an IRA?

Finances

Life Insurance Needs Calculator

Indexed UL

Common benchmark for Indexed UL loans

Long Term Care

Cost of LTC Services 2016
LTC Insurance Company Rate Increases
Medicaid Eligibility: Financial Requirements – Assets
Using Life Insurance to Pay for LTC: source LongTermCare.gov

Longevity

Actuarial Life Table: Social Security
Centenarians: 2010 US census (pdf)
Life Expectancy Calculator

Unclaimed Life Insurance

California
Florida
Illinois
Indiana
Life Insurance Policy Locator Service – National
Michigan
North Carolina
Pennsylvania
Texas
Virginia
Washington

Whole Life

Whole Life: Top Ten Questions from NY Dept. of Financial Services


Meta


Log in

    		WordPress









    Copyright © 2017 Life Insurance Recommendations - All Rights ReservedPowered by WordPress & Atahualpa







