    Akhil Johri | United Technologies Corp. | ZoomInfo.com
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017













 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Akhil Johri, United Technologies Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  























Feedback





Akhil Johri

Exec VP/CFO,
United Technologies Corp






Career History




Exec VP/CFO
United Technologies Corp, 1/2015-PRESENT


Chief Financial Officer
Pall Corp, 9/2014-12/2014


CFO/Chief Acctg Officer
Pall Corp, 3/2014-9/2014


Chief Financial Officer
Pall Corp, 5/2013-3/2014


VP:Finance/CFO
United Technologies Corp, 11/2011-4/2013


VP:Financial Planning & Investor Relations
United Technologies Corp, 5/2009-11/2011


VP:Investor Relations
United Technologies Corp, 4/2008-4/2009


Chief Financial Officer
Chubb PLC, FORMER



United Technologies Corp, FORMER


CFO:UTC Propulsion
United Technologies Corp, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.utc.com






Corporate Information
Address:

10 Farm Springs Road
Farmington, CT 06032
United States


Phone:
1-860-728-7000


Fax:
1-860-728-7982


Web url:
www.utc.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad
Bachelor's Degree








Awards & Publications



Certificates




Chartered Accountant (CA)









Memberships



Board Memberships




Carrier Aircon Ltd


Board Member, FORMER









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data












































Akhil Johri | Carrier Inc | Email, EVP/CFO, @carrier.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Akhil Johri

 Carrier Inc  EVP/CFO


Updated On : 
                    Jun 22, 2017                            

export












Email Address: Email not Avail
                                        


One Carrier Place

Farmington, CT 06032


Email format for @carrier.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
> 10000

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Materials/Manufacturing->Fabricated Products                    
SIC Code:  
                         3432  - Plumbing Fixture Fittings and Trim








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Trying to find Akhil Johri's email, wiki, phone numbers, twitter, biography, and linkedin data?  You can check out Carrier Inc's profile on Lead411, where you can also get @carrier.com contact information.  Carrier Inc is an organization centered in Farmington, CT, which you can find on Lead411 under the Other category.  Akhil Johri is their EVP/CFO.  Some possible email formats for Akhil Johri are AJohri@carrier.com, Akhil.Johri@carrier.com, Akhil@carrier.com, and Akhil_Johri@carrier.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@carrier.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Akhil Jain - Executive
Their Director of Project Management is Akhil Jain. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Software industry. If you're checking for Ondot Systems email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @ondotsystems.com email addresses and possibly Akhil Jain's email. Ondot Systems is based in San Jose, CA. You can also get Akhil Jain's linkedin info, twitter data, phone numbers, wiki and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Software category.  Some possible email formats for Akhil Jain are AJain@ondotsystems.com, Akhil.Jain@ondotsystems.com, Akhil@ondotsystems.com, and Akhil_Jain@ondotsystems.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@ondotsystems.com addresses.
Akhil Jain - Technology
Jon Shalowitz is Badgeville's CEO. Their Software Engineer is Akhil Jain. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Social services industry. If you're checking for Badgeville email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @badgeville.com email format and possibly Akhil Jain's email. Badgeville is based in Redwood City, CA. You can also get Akhil Jain's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Social services category.  Some possible email formats for Akhil Jain are AJain@badgeville.com, Akhil.Jain@badgeville.com, Akhil@badgeville.com, and Akhil_Jain@badgeville.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@badgeville.com addresses.
Akhil Jain - Executive
Akhil Jain is part of Landmark Hotel Group, an organization which has its main offices in Virginia Beach, VA.  Akhil serves as the President at Landmark Hotel Group.  If you're searching for Landmark Hotel Group email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @landmarkhotelgroup.com along with Akhil Jain's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.Landmark Hotel Group's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Leisure/hospitality industry.  Some possible email formats for Akhil Jain are AJain@landmarkhotelgroup.com, Akhil.Jain@landmarkhotelgroup.com, Akhil@landmarkhotelgroup.com, and Akhil_Jain@landmarkhotelgroup.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@landmarkhotelgroup.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Amy Weldon - Other
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Amy Weldon?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also Carrier Inc email addresses within the @carrier.com profile so Amy Weldon's email could be included.  Amy Weldon is part of the Carrier Inc which has its main offices in Farmington, CT.  Currently holds the post of Senior Sales Representative.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Other industry.  Some possible email formats for Amy Weldon are AWeldon@carrier.com, Amy.Weldon@carrier.com, Amy@carrier.com, and Amy_Weldon@carrier.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@carrier.com addresses.
Bob Exline - Sales - Marketing
Located in Farmington, CT Carrier Inc has Bob Exline serving as the organization's HVAC Service Sales. Need Bob Exline's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Carrier Inc Lead411 profile, along with their Carrier Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for Carrier Inc on Lead411 under the Other industry.  Some possible email formats for Bob Exline are BExline@carrier.com, Bob.Exline@carrier.com, Bob@carrier.com, and Bob_Exline@carrier.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@carrier.com addresses.
Brian Dwyer - Executive
Carrier Inc's General Manager, Strategic Accounts is where Brian Dwyer is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is . They are based in Farmington, CT, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Other industry. Brian Dwyer's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other Carrier Inc email addresses on Lead411 with the @carrier.com domain.  Some possible email formats for Brian Dwyer are BDwyer@carrier.com, Brian.Dwyer@carrier.com, Brian@carrier.com, and Brian_Dwyer@carrier.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@carrier.com addresses.

People Directory > Akhil Johri




















Akhil Johri – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending December 12, 2014
Posted on December 15, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



United Technologies Corp. 
Pall Corporation 
Quantcast


RPX Corporation 
Northrop Grumman Corporation 
Warner Bros. Entertainment


Windstream 
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. 
Charles River Associates 


Onyx Renewable Partners
Mavenlink
SOASTA


Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) 
Rayonier Inc. 
Tiptree Financial Inc. 


iJET International, Inc.
Global Capacity
ETRE Financial


CurbStand
Icontrol Networks
Darling Ingredients Inc. 


Heritage Auctions 
AppNeta
Matthew Adam Properties


Magic Leap, Inc. 
NMI Holdings, Inc.
C.H. Robinson 


TigerLogic Corporation 
PeopleAdmin Inc. 
GrowBLOX Sciences, Inc. 


Elite Data Services





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX) announced the appointment of Akhil Johri as the corporation’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2015. Johri returns to UTC after serving as Chief Financial Officer for Pall Corporation. Prior to joining Pall Corporation, Johri enjoyed a 26-year career at UTC in various executive positions of increasing responsibility. His most recent role was Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems, which includes Pratt & Whitney and UTC Aerospace Systems. Before that, he led UTC’s Investor Relations and Financial Planning & Analysis groups. Johri also had senior financial roles at UTC Fire and Security, and Carrier Corporation, including 12 years in the Asia Pacific region. Peter F. Longo, currently the corporation’s Acting Chief Financial Officer, will resume his prior position as Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer, UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems
Pall Corporation (NYSE: PLL) announced that Akhil Johri, Chief Financial Officer, has tendered his resignation to become Chief Financial Officer of United Technologies Corp.
Quantcast announced that Peter Kuipers has been named Quantcast’s new chief financial officer. Kuipers was most recently executive vice president and CFO of The Weather Company (TWC).  Kuipers is also a Board Member on the Executive Committee for the Mobile Marketing Association. Prior to TWC, Kuipers served in numerous roles at Yahoo!, including for the company’s largest geographical region as vice president of Finance for the Americas Region. He also previously served as vice president of Finance for the Global Products division and as vice president of Finance for International Regions. Prior to Yahoo!, he held financial leadership roles with Altera Corp., General Electric Company in the U.S. and the Netherlands, and Akzo Nobel in the Netherlands.
RPX Corporation (NASDAQ: RPXC) announced that Robert Heath, currently the Company’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, will assume the role of Chief Financial Officer. Ned Segal, the Company’s current Chief Financial Officer, has resigned effective mid-January. Prior to joining RPX, Heath served as Head of Strategy and Acquisitions for Technicolor, and as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at iBahn.  Earlier in his career, Heath worked as an investment banker, focusing on technology and growth companies at Kidder Peabody, SG Warburg and Robertson Stephens.  
Northrop Grumman Corporation (NYSE: NOC) announced that it has appointed Kenneth L. Bedingfield as corporate vice president and chief financial officer, effective after the company files its 2014 annual report. Bedingfield will succeed James F. Palmer, who has announced his intention to retire in 2015. Bedingfield joined Northrop Grumman in 2011. Currently, he is vice president, Finance, in the corporate office. Previously, Bedingfield served as vice president, Business Management and chief financial officer for Northrop Grumman’s Aerospace Systems sector. He also has served as corporate vice president, controller and chief accounting officer for the corporation. Prior to joining Northrop Grumman, he spent 17 years at KPMG LLP, most recently as the national client leader of its U.S. aerospace and defense audit practice.
Warner Bros. Entertainment announced that Kim Williams has been named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. She replaces Ed Romano, who was recently promoted to Vice Chairman, Warner Bros. Prior to joining Warner Bros., Williams served as Chief Financial Officer for CORE Media Group. Before that, she served as Chief Operating Officer of NFL Network. She also previously served as Chief Financial Officer for the NFL. Preceding that, Williams spent more than a decade at GE-owned companies, most recently serving as Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer for NBC West Coast. During her tenure at GE, she also served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for NBC Business Development and held posts at Nuovo Pignone (GE Power Systems) in Florence, Italy, and GE International, GE Power Controls and GE Capital in London, England.
Windstream (NASDAQ: WIN) announced that Bob Gunderman has been named chief financial officer for the company. Gunderman has been serving as interim CFO since Oct. 1, 2014. He will retain his current treasury duties while the company conducts a search for a permanent treasurer. Prior to being named interim CFO, Bob Gunderman was senior vice president and treasurer for. He previously served as vice president of financial planning for the company. He was vice president of internal audit for Alltel prior to joining Windstream in 2008. He served in various management roles at Alltel including vice president of revenue accounting and revenue assurance, director of financial planning and director of mergers and acquisitions.
RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: RMAX) announced the appointment of Karri Callahan as acting Chief Financial Officer. As previously announced, Dave Metzger, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, is on a temporary leave of absence due to the illness of a family member.
Charles River Associates (NASDAQ: CRAI) announced that Nancy Hawthorne has been appointed to CRA’s Board of Directors. Ms. Hawthorne will serve on the Company’s Audit Committee. Ms. Hawthorne was Chief Financial Officer of Continental Cablevision, Inc. Following Continental Cablevision’s merger with US West Inc., she became an executive vice president of the merged company, MediaOne. Prior to joining Continental, she was a banker at Citibank and Bankers Trust Company. Ms. Hawthorne currently serves on the Boards of the MetLife Funds and THL Credit, where she is a member of their Audit Committees and Nominating and Governance Committees. She is Lead Director of Avid Technology, where she has been a member of the Board of Directors since 1997. At Avid Technology, she has also served as Chairman of the Board, interim CEO, and a member of the Compensation Committee, and is currently a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Audit Committee.
Onyx Renewable Partners announced the appointment of Leanne M. Bell as chief financial officer. Prior to joining Onyx, Bell served as chief financial officer and chief operating officer at Synergy Renewables. She previously served as managing director at both Tiger Infrastructure Partners and Lehman Brothers. Bell also led the Energy Financial Services Power Team as managing director at General Electric Co.
Mavenlink announced it has hired Kelly Anderson as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, she served as CFO and board member of several public companies.
SOASTA announced the appointment of Pete Boyes as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Prior to SOASTA, Boyes was the CFO and COO of ID analytics. Boyes was previously an investment-banking executive for Avondale Partners and Trumpet Partners.
Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company (MassMutual) announced it has elected Isabella D. (Bella) Goren to its Board of Directors. Ms. Goren is a former CFO of American Airlines, Inc. and AMR Corporation, a position she held from 2010-2013.  She became a member of the Executive Committee in 2006, with her appointment as American’s Senior Vice President, Customer Relationship Marketing.  Ms. Goren joined the company in 1986 as a Financial Analyst, and held roles of progressively greater responsibility with the company, including management positions in Human Resources and Revenue Management, Director of Investor Relations, Vice President of Asia/Pacific operations and President of AMR Services, among others.  She began her career in 1983 as a Chemical Engineer for DuPont. Ms. Goren currently serves on the Board of Directors of both Gap Inc. and LyondellBasell Industries N.V., and is a Member of the Executive Board of Southern Methodist University’s School of Engineering.
Rayonier Inc. (NYSE: RYN) announced that Mark McHugh has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. McHugh succeeds H. Edwin Kiker, who is transitioning to the newly created position of Chief Accounting Officer. McHugh joins Rayonier from Raymond James, where he served as Managing Director in the firm’s Real Estate Investment Banking group and was responsible for the firm’s timberland and agriculture sector coverage.
Tiptree Financial Inc. (NASDAQ: TIPT) announced the appointments of Richard Claiden as the Company’s new Chief Financial Officer and Julia Wyatt as Chief Operating Officer, effective January 1, 2015. Ms. Wyatt is Tiptree’s current Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Tiptree, Mr. Claiden spent 11 years at Primus Guaranty, Ltd., where he was CEO from 2010 until November 2014 and previously held the positions of CFO and COO. Prior to Primus, Mr. Claiden served from 2000 to 2003 as Managing Director of Investment Bank Operational Risk at JP Morgan Chase. He also spent six years as a Managing Director at CIBC, assuming the role of Head of Global Operations following his tenure as Head of Financial Products Operations. Before CIBC, Mr. Claiden held a series of increasingly senior positions at Manufacturers Hanover Trust/Chemical Bank.
iJET International, Inc. appointed Michael Briskey as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Briskey was CFO for Academic Partnerships. Prior to that, Briskey was CFO for ATX Group. He also served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer at ACE Cash Express.
Global Capacity announced the addition of Vic Pierni as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Global Capacity, Mr. Pierni was Executive Vice President and CFO at Verivo Software. Mr. Pierni has also held senior positions at Macgregor Group, Inc. and KPMG.
ETRE Financial announced that Darren Glickman has been named Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Glickman joins ETRE from Paramount Group Inc., where he served as Vice President. Prior to joining Paramount, Mr. Glickman was Chief Financial Officer of Aetos Capital’s opportunity funds.
CurbStand announced that Frank Mastronuzzi has joined as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Mastronuzzi has more than 15 years of experience managing financial and operational functions for various companies and dotcoms.
Icontrol Networks announced the appointment of Ken Hahn as chief financial officer (CFO). Hahn joins the company from QuinStreet, where he most recently served as executive vice president and chief operating officer. Over the past 15 years Hahn has served as CFO of three billion-dollar market cap public companies, and led two initial public offerings (IPOs) as CFO.  His professional services background includes eight years at the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC).
Darling Ingredients Inc. (NYSE: DAR)  announced that John O. Muse, the Company’s former Chief Financial Officer and current Chief Synergy Officer, will reassume his duties as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.  Mr. Muse had previously served as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer from October 1997 until September 2012.  Mr. Muse replaces Colin Stevenson, who resigned from the Company in order to pursue other opportunities.
Heritage Auctions announced that Michael Haynes has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Haynes was the Chief Executive Officer of Collectors Universe. He had previously served as President of Heritage, President of A-Mark Precious Metals (now a public company) and, more recently, as CEO of the privately held American Precious Metals Exchange (APMEX).
AppNeta announced that Larry Whitman has joined the company as chief financial officer. Prior to joining AppNeta, Whitman served as CFO at Highroads, Inc. From 2003 to 2008, Whitman served as CFO at Colubris Networks. Previously, he spent more than 12 years in financial management executive roles with companies in the telecommunications and networking industries, including eight years as vice president of finance and corporate controller with Shiva Corporation.
Matthew Adam Properties announced that Richard Riano has been appointed Chief Financial Officer of the company. Prior to joining Matthew Adam Properties, Riano was a senior accountant with Prisand, Melina, Unterlack & Co., LLP. Previously, he was an accounting supervisor at Aries Global Logistics.
Magic Leap, Inc. announced that Scott Henry has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Magic Leap, Scott held CFO roles at Beats Music and Beats by Dr. Dre. In early 2014, Henry transitioned to the CFO position at Beats Music. Prior to Beats, he served as CFO at several major companies, including Borders Group and Las Vegas Sands.
NMI Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: NMIH) announced that Glenn Farrell, a 33-year veteran of accounting and consulting firm KPMG LLP, has been named the new chief financial officer (CFO).
C.H. Robinson (NASDAQ: CHRW) announced that Chad M. Lindbloom, the company’s Chief Financial Officer, will assume the role of Chief Information Officer.
TigerLogic Corporation announced that James W. Cruckshank has been appointed as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  Mr. Cruckshank was the Interim Chief Executive Officer at Monsoon Commerce, an e-commerce company from May 2013 until January 2014 and Chairman of the board until July 2014. He joined Monsoon in January of 2013 as Chief Financial Officer.  Previously, he was the Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer at The Greenbrier Companies, Inc., from April 2008 until January of 2013.  Prior to that, he served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at MathStar Inc. as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Synetic Solutions, Inc., as well as Vice President Finance at Christenson Electric.
PeopleAdmin Inc. announced the appointment of John Faulkner as chief financial officer. Prior to joining PeopleAdmin, Faulkner was the chief financial officer at Layered Tech.
GrowBLOX Sciences, Inc. (OTC: GBLX) announced the appointment of Cathryn Kennedy as its Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining GrowBLOX Sciences, Ms. Kennedy served in a number of financial roles, including as CFO of eCommLink Inc. and as Director of SEC Reporting at Pinnacle Entertainment Inc. between 2005 and 2008.
Elite Data Services (OTC: DEAC) announced the appointment of Stephen Antol as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Antol has over 36 years of diversified experience in the field of corporate finance and administration, serving as Chief Financial Officer for El Capitan Precious Metals, Inc., NOVAHEAD Inc., Lou Register Furniture, Gold and Minerals Company, Inc., and as Corporate Controller and Corporate Treasurer for Giant Industries Inc.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending April 5, 2013
Posted on April 8, 2013 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Cargill 
Eventbrite
Atmel Corporation 


Pall Corporation 
Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. 
SYNNEX Corporation 


Rocket Software 
Onconova Therapeutics, Inc.
Contegix


ADS Tactical, Inc.
SUPERVALU Inc. 
Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. 


Orthofix International N.V. 
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company 
ShopRunner


My Alarm Center 
Dresser-Rand Group Inc. 
Tides 


Consolidated Precision Products Corp. 
Vystar Corporation 
ViaSat Inc. 


Aztec Oil & Gas, Inc. 
TIBCO Software Inc. 
Evolution Fuels, Inc. 


Cytomedix, Inc. 
Farmer Bros. Co.
Hudson Valley Holding Corp. 


AssureRx Health, Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Cargill announced that former Sara Lee executive, Marcel Smits, is its new chief financial officer. Smits, a native of the Netherlands, served in a variety of financial management positions for Unilever in Europe, Latin America and Asia throughout the mid-1980s and 1990s, lastly as senior vice president of finance for China. He subsequently served as CFO for two Dutch listed companies, first for Vendex KBB, a retail group, then for KPN, the country’s leading telecommunications service provider. Smits became CFO of Sara Lee in 2009 and was appointed CEO in early 2011. Cargill’s CFO position was vacated in November 2012 when Sergio Rial left the company to return to his native Brazil. Cargill President and Chief Operating Officer David MacLennan had added the duties of interim CFO to his responsibilities up until now.
Eventbrite announced it has hired Mark Rubash to be the company’s Chief Financial Officer. Formerly the CFO at Shutterfly and senior member of the Finance leadership teams at eBay and Yahoo!, Rubash is the first c-level executive hired from outside the company. Rubash currently serves on the Boards of Intuitive Surgical, Iron Planet and Line 6, and has also served in executive roles at HeartFlow, Rearden Commerce and Critical Path.
Atmel Corporation (NASDAQ: ATML) announced that Steve Skaggs, who currently serves as Atmel’s Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy & Development, has also been appointed interim Chief Financial Officer of Atmel. This appointment follows Stephen Cumming’s decision to resign as Atmel’s Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Cumming will remain with Atmel for a short period to facilitate the transition. Mr. Skaggs joined Atmel in 2010. He worked previously at Lattice Semiconductor, where he served as President and CEO and also as CFO. Prior to Lattice, Mr. Skaggs was employed by Bain & Company.
Pall Corporation (NYSE: PLL) announced the appointment of Akhil Johri as Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective May 1, 2013. Mr. Johri is currently Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for United Technologies Corporation’s (UTC) Propulsion & Aerospace Systems group. Prior to his current role, he served as CFO for UTC’s Carrier Transicold and UTC’s Fire & Security units as well as for Carrier Asia Pacific Operations. He led Corporate Investor Relations for UTC and has been very involved with UTC’s Financial Leadership Development program. Pall President and CEO Larry Kingsley, who was recently named interim CFO, will continue in that role until Mr. Johri officially joins Pall.
Opexa Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: OPXA) announced the appointment of Karthik Radhakrishnan as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Radhakrishnan most recently was a Vice President at ING Investment Management in New York. Previously he was the senior analyst at Eagle Asset Management. Prior to this, Mr. Radhakrishnan started his financial career at The Dow Chemical Company. He replaces David Jorden, Opexa’s Acting CFO, who will continue to serve as a Director of the Company.
SYNNEX Corporation (NYSE:SNX) has appointed Marshall W. Witt as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Witt will be assuming the role from Thomas Alsborg who announced his retirement last year. Most recently, Mr. Witt was Senior Vice President of Finance and Controller with FedEx Freight, a $5.3 billion subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (NYSE:FDX).
Rocket Software announced that Paul Walsh has joined the company as vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to joining Rocket, he served as CFO at Silicon Laboratories; previously he held various operational, finance, controller, and management roles at PerkinElmer, Teradyne and Analog Devices. He serves on the board of directors of Nitero, and previously served on the board of Grande Communications & Rio Holdings.
Onconova Therapeutics, Inc. announced the appointment of Ajay Bansal as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Bansal most recently served as Chief Financial Officer at Complete Genomics. Prior to Complete Genomics, Mr. Bansal served as the CFO and EVP, Corporate and Business Development, at both Lexicon Therapeutics and Tercica, Inc. Tercica was acquired by Ipsen in 2008. He also served as the CFO of Nektar Therapeutics from 2003-2006.
Contegix announced that it has hired Michael Wylie as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Wylie held the role of Chief Financial Officer at Pulse Broadband. Prior to that, Wylie held roles as the Chief Financial Officer for Broadstripe Cable and Chief Accounting Officer for Suddenlink Communications.
ADS Tactical, Inc. announced that Karan Rai has been promoted to Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President replacing Patricia Bohlen. Mr. Rai joined ADS in August 2012 serving in various roles, including Vice President of International Strategic Development, and, more recently, as the Vice President of Corporate Development. Prior to joining ADS, Mr. Rai was a Vice President in JPMorgan’s Investment Bank where he spent seven years covering Defense/Aerospace companies in the Leverage/Acquisition Finance Group.
SUPERVALU Inc. (NYSE: SVU) announced that Sherry Smith, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will leave the company at the end of May. Smith has served as the company’s CFO since her appointment in December 2010. She has spent 26 years with SUPERVALU and previously served as senior vice president, finance.
Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. announced that Myles R. Itkin has left the Company as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Captain Ian T. Blackley will serve as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company effective immediately. Captain Blackley has been the Senior Vice President and Head of International Shipping Operations.
Orthofix International N.V. (NASDAQ: OFIX) announced that it has appointed Emily Buxton as its Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Buxton had been serving as the Company’s Interim Chief Financial Officer since October 2012. Ms. Buxton joined Orthofix’s corporate finance group in 2003 as a Senior SEC and Consolidations Accountant. After advancing to the position of Vice President, Controller, she served as Chief Financial Officer of Global Orthopedics for Orthofix from 2010 to the time of her appointment as Interim Chief Financial Officer.
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company (NYSE: SMG) announced that Larry Hilsheimer has been named executive vice president and chief financial officer. Hilsheimer was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Nationwide Mutual Insurance Company from 2007 through 2009. He then served as president and chief operating officer of Nationwide Direct & Customer Solutions and most recently was president and chief operating officer of Nationwide Retirement Plans. Prior to Nationwide, he was vice chairman and regional managing partner for Deloitte & Touche USA, LLP and served on the board of directors of the Deloitte Foundation.
ShopRunner announced that Scott Simmons has joined the company as its chief operating and financial officer (COO/CFO). Scott joins ShopRunner after most recently serving as president of NexTag Inc. At NexTag, Simmons served in a variety of roles beginning with vice president of finance and extending to vice president of business development; vice president and general manager, services shopping; SVP marketing and ultimately president of NexTag. Prior to his tenure at NexTag, Simmons held a variety of financial positions with Real Time Data and Prudential Investment Corporation. 
My Alarm Center announced that it has welcomed Scott Peterson as its new Chief Financial Officer.  Most recently, Mr. Peterson served as the CFO for Eyewitness Surveillance. He has also been CFO at PS Energy Group Inc., and Integrated Excellence, LLC; VP for the New England Division of Wind River Environmental; and CFO and VP of Residential Operations for Smith Alarm Systems, Inc.
Dresser-Rand Group Inc. (NYSE: DRC) announced that Jan Kees van Gaalen will become Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dresser-Rand, effective May 1, 2013. Mr. van Gaalen succeeds Mark Baldwin, whose impending retirement was previously announced. Mr. van Gaalen joins Dresser-Rand from Baker Hughes Inc., where he served as Vice President and Treasurer. Before joining Baker Hughes, he was the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance for PT Inco Tbk based in Jakarta, Indonesia, the publicly traded Indonesian subsidiary of Vale Inco Ltd. Prior to this he held a variety of finance positions with Anglo American plc, Carlton Communications plc and Schlumberger Ltd. in France, the United Kingdom,Venezuela, Brazil and South Africa.
Tides announced that Judith Hill will join as CFO effective May 1st, 2013. Hill was the Chief Financial Officer at Envision Education Foundation. Hill has held senior financial leadership positions at the Excel Group, San Francisco Art Institute, and Heald College.
Consolidated Precision Products Corp. announced the appointment of Andy Klaus as Chief Financial Officer. Klaus, who assumes CFO responsibilities from Ron Hamilton, who has been appointed as the Vice President of CPP’s Structural Investment Casting Group. Mr. Klaus recently joined from JMC Steel Group where he served as Corporate Controller.  Previously, Mr. Klaus served in various financial and accounting roles at companies including Royal Appliance Manufacturing and TTI Floor Care North America.
Vystar Corporation (OTC: VYST) announced that Dean Waters has been appointed as the Company’s new full-time Chief Financial Officer. Dean Waters is an active member of Vystar’s Board of Directors since his appointment in 2008, chairing the Audit Committee and serving on the Compensation Committee. He was the Founder and Managing Director of FiveFold Capital.  Prior to founding FiveFold Capital, Mr. Waters was Senior Vice President of Commerce Street Capital’s bank development group. Prior to Commerce Street, Mr. Waters was a Managing Partner of Poseidon Capital Investments, LLC.  He was also Senior Vice President, Director and one of the founding members of the Capital Markets Group within GMAC Commercial Finance’s Equipment Finance Division. Before that, he was Managing Director of Equity Distributions of Bank of America Leasing & Capital Group.
ViaSat Inc. (NASDAQ: VSAT) announced that Bruce Dirks has agreed to join as Chief Financial Officer. Shawn Duffy, who has served as interim CFO since August 2012, will continue in her position as Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Controller of the company. Mr. Dirks has served as a portfolio manager at Fidelity Management & Research Company since 2000. Prior to joining Fidelity, Mr. Dirks was vice president – Investments at TRW Investment Management Company from 1993 to 2000. Mr. Dirks began his career at Raytheon Company as a financial analyst and also worked on the corporate finance team at General Dynamics Corporation.
Aztec Oil & Gas, Inc. (OTC: AZGS) (“Aztec”) announced that its long time CFO, Larry Hornbrook , is retiring effective April 30, 2013. Upon retirement, Mr. Hornbrook will be replaced by John Smith, a Senior Partner of Schmuck, Smith, Tees & Company, P.C.
TIBCO Software Inc. (NASDAQ: TIBX) announced that Sydney Carey, TIBCO executive vice president and chief financial officer, has decided to leave the company to pursue an opportunity with a private, venture-backed technology company. Murray Rode, TIBCO chief operating officer and whose current responsibilities include the finance organization, will take on the added responsibilities of interim CFO until a permanent replacement is found. Mr. Rode previously served as CFO from late 2005 through 2008.
Evolution Fuels, Inc. (PINK: EVFND) announced that Pun Mo Chung has been appointed as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company as well as to serve as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Since 2007, Mr. Pun has served as the General Manager of Candid Global Resources H.K. Ltd. Tan Yuen Hing resigned as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer but will continue to serve as a member of its Board of Directors.
Cytomedix, Inc. (OTC: CMXI) announced the appointment of Steven A. Shallcross as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Treasurer, effective as of May 10, 2013. Mr. Shallcross replaces Andrew Maslan, who has served as Chief Financial Officer of Cytomedix since 2005 and will resign effective May 10, 2013 to pursue further career opportunities. Mr. Shallcross presently serves as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Empire Petroleum Partners, LLC. Previously, he served as Acting Chief Financial Officer for Sensors for Medicine and Science, Inc. Prior to that, he was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Innocoll Holdings, Inc. Mr. Shallcross also held Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer positions at Vanda Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and at MiddleBrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formally Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation).
Farmer Bros. Co. (NASDAQ: FARM)  announced that Mark J. Nelson will join the Company as Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer. Since 2010, he has been serving as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Newport Corporation. From 2004 to 2010, Mr. Nelson held various senior financial roles at Newport Corporation as Vice President and Controller, Vice President and General Manager of its Optical Components division and Finance Director of its Photonics division. Prior to Newport Corporation, he held the positions of Finance Director in Thermo Electron Corporation, Cost and Budget Manager at C.R. Bard, Inc., co-owner and Chief Financial Officer of Western Energy Services, Inc. and Financial Management Program Trainee with the General Electric Company. Jeffrey A. Wahba, the Company’s Interim Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer, will assist with the executive transition.
Hudson Valley Holding Corp. (NYSE: HVB) announced that the Company has named William E. Whiston, Chief Financial Officer of the Archdiocese of New York, to the Board of Directors of the Company and Hudson Valley Bank, N.A. Mr. Whiston has been Chief Financial Officer of the Archdiocese of New York since 2002. During his tenure he served as President of the Catholic Umbrella Pool, a casualty/liability reinsurance vehicle for forty dioceses. Prior to joining the Archdiocese of New York, Mr. Whiston spent 29 years at Allied Irish Bank, where he served in a number of executive positions in areas including lending, product development and operations/compliance.
AssureRx Health, Inc. announced the appointment of Stephen A. Stamp as Senior Vice President & CFO. Stephen has served as Chief Financial Officer of EZCORP, Inc.; Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Executive Vice President Business Development at Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Group Finance Director at Regus PLC; and Group Finance Director at Shire PLC. Earlier in his career, Stephen was an investment banker with Lazard in London,
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,405 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:






      United Technologies Names Akhil Johri Chief Financial Officer - WSJ
    








































































































 




Dow Jones, a News Corp companyNews Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information servicesDow JonesBarron'sBigChartsDJXDow Jones NewswiresFactivaFinancial NewsMansion GlobalMarketWatchNewsPlusPrivate MarketsRisk & ComplianceWSJ ConferenceWSJ ProWSJ VideoWSJ.comNews CorpBig DecisionsBusiness SpectatorCheckout51Harper CollinsNew York PostPropTigerREArealtor.comStoryfulThe AustralianThe SunThe TimesSubscribe NowSign InThe Wall Street JournalSearchSearch→
 

 

















                      Sprint Proposes Merger With Charter Communications
                    











                      Uber’s CEO Search Reaches New Degree of Difficulty
                    











                      Big Oil Posts Healthy Profits
                    











                      Cheap Eggs Flood U.S. Grocery Stores
                    











                      American Airlines Profit Falls, But Revenue Rises
                    











                      Rooster Teeth Fans Flock to Live Events
                    











                      Merck Says Cyberattack Hit Production, Will Hurt Profit
                    











                      Avianca Halts Flights From Venezuela
                    











                      Minnesota Firm Hopes to Make a Big Splash—With Shrimp
                    











                      Tesla Model 3 Arrives as Elon Musk Warns of ‘Manufacturing Hell’
                    











                      FDA Wants Nicotine in Cigarettes to Be Cut to Nonaddictive Levels
                    









 



 






 

































        Small
      




        Medium
      




        Large
      








Save Article
Sign In to Save
Subscribe to WSJ









 











                  Business
              




United Technologies Names Akhil Johri Chief Financial Officer
Conglomerate’s Management Is Being Reshuffled After CEO Departure

 






By

Chelsey Dulaney


Chelsey Dulaney
The Wall Street Journal
BiographyChelsey Dulaney
@chelseydulaney
chelsey.dulaney@wsj.com




  Dec. 9, 2014 8:12 a.m. ET





 United Technologies Corp. has tapped a former company executive to fill the top finance spot, which was vacated last month amid the sudden departure of the chairman and chief executive.  Akhil Johri, 53 years old, who spent 26 years at United Technologies before becoming chief financial officer at Pall Corp., will take over as finance chief Jan. 1. UTC surprised investors and employees in late November when it said that Louis...
  


    To Read the Full Story
  


      Subscribe
    

      Sign In
    



 












 






Most Popular Videos









A Wild Week in Washington









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'









Trump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know









Packing the Pounds Back on Pigs






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Trump Replaces Priebus, Names Kelly Chief of Staff





 





 







              Popular on WSJ
            








Most Popular Videos









A Wild Week in Washington









John McCain Casts Deciding Vote to Defeat Health Bill









Trump to Police: 'Don't Be Too Nice'









Trump, Russia and Sanctions: What We Know









Packing the Pounds Back on Pigs






Most Popular Articles








Bad News If You Make $150,000 to $300,000: Higher Taxes for Many








Opinion: Trump Is Woody Allen Without the Humor








Japan Slaps 50% Tariff on Some U.S. Beef








Opinion: Who Paid for the ‘Trump Dossier’?








Trump Replaces Priebus, Names Kelly Chief of Staff





 








 
















   
     
       
     
   

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  

  
    
      
    
  


  
    
    
      
    
    
      Save Article
      Sign In to Save
      Subscribe to WSJ
    
  

   
     
       
     
   
   
     
       
     
   




  
  
    
      
  
    
      Text Size
  
      
      
        

        Small
      
  
      
      
        

        Medium
      
  
      
      
        

        Large
      
    
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
        
          
            
              
          
            Print
          
        
      
          
            
              
          
            Facebook
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            Twitter
          
        
        
          
            
              
          
            WhatsApp
          
        
  
        
          
            
              
          
            SMS
          
        
  
  
        
          
            
              
          
            Copy Link
          
        
  
      
  
      
        
    
  
    
  
  
  


 






















	
			Akhil Johri
             |
        Our Leadership
             |
        Who We Are
             |
         United Technologies

		

















































Skip Navigation















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.































u
















You Are Now Leaving The United Technologies Website
You are now leaving UTC.com and entering a website that United Technologies does not control. United Technologies has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security of this website.











Akhil Johri





Our Leadership












Share









Akhil Johri
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer













Main Content​Akhil Johri was appointed Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of United Technologies on January 1, 2015. 

Akhil returned to United Technologies after serving as
Chief Financial Officer for Pall Corporation, a publicly traded leader in
filtration, separation and purification solutions.
Prior to joining Pall Corporation, Akhil spent 26 years
at United Technologies in various executive positions of increasing
responsibility. His most recent role was Vice President of Finance and Chief
Financial Officer for UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems, which included Pratt & Whitney and UTC Aerospace Systems. Before that, he led UTC's
Investor Relations and Financial Planning & Analysis groups. Akhil also had
senior financial roles at UTC Fire & Security, and Carrier Corporation,
including 12 years in the Asia Pacific region.​ 
Akhil is a graduate of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and is a Chartered Accountant.
​​​​​​​

View and Print From PDF





































































	
			United Technologies Appoints Akhil Johri Chief Financial Officer
             |
        News Center
             |
        News
             |
         United Technologies

		

















































Skip Navigation















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.































u
















You Are Now Leaving The United Technologies Website
You are now leaving UTC.com and entering a website that United Technologies does not control. United Technologies has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security of this website.











News Article





News Center











Share








United Technologies Appoints Akhil Johri Chief Financial Officer

			
				December 9, 2014
			
			
		







Main Content
HARTFORD, Conn., Dec. 9, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- United Technologies Corp. (NYSE: UTX) today announced the appointment of Akhil Johri as the corporation's Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2015.

Johri, 53, will have global responsibility for UTC's Finance function and for financial communications and investor relations. He will report to UTC President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory J. Hayes.
Johri returns to UTC after serving as Chief Financial Officer for Port Washington, N.Y.-based, publicly traded Pall Corporation, a leader in filtration, separation and purification solutions for customers across a broad spectrum in life sciences and industry.
Prior to joining Pall Corporation, Johri enjoyed a 26-year career at UTC in various executive positions of increasing responsibility. His most recent role was Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer for UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems, which includes Pratt & Whitney and UTC Aerospace Systems. Before that, he led UTC's Investor Relations and Financial Planning & Analysis groups. Johri also had senior financial roles at UTC Fire and Security, and Carrier Corporation, including 12 years in the Asia Pacific region.
"I am thrilled to welcome Akhil back to UTC, where he is highly respected for his strategic insights, financial skills, and his ability to communicate effectively with Wall Street and our shareholder community," Hayes said. "We look forward to Akhil's leadership as we continue to focus on creating innovative products and solutions for our global customers and delivering best-in-class returns for our shareowners."
Johri is a graduate of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, and is a Chartered Accountant.
Upon the effective date of Johri's appointment, Peter F. Longo, currently the corporation's Acting Chief Financial Officer, will resume his prior position as Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer, UTC Propulsion & Aerospace Systems.
United Technologies, based in Hartford, Connecticut, provides high technology products and services to the building and aerospace industries. For more information, visit our website at www.utc.com or follow us on Twitter: @UTC.
UTC-IR



Contact: 


John Moran, UTC 




(860) 728-7062







Investor Relations




(860) 728-7608

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140122/NE50390LOGO 
SOURCE  United Technologies Corp.​



                Tagged With: 
				
				
					Financial, UTC Corporate



Share










Related stories














UTC Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results















United Technologies Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Advisory to Securities Analysts, Investors and Media















UTC Board of Directors Increases Dividend


News Center


























































