






Jolley Asset Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Emerson Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 500 Shares of Citigroup Inc. (C)					

Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Sells 200 Shares of TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:TJX)					

Royal Gold, Inc. (RGLD) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System					

Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd Has $471,000 Stake in Express Scripts Holding Company (NASDAQ:ESRX)					

Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management Has $650,000 Stake in Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW)					

Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Microchip Technology Incorporated (MCHP)					

Jolley Asset Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)					

Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Maintains Stake in Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN)					

Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Copart, Inc. (NASDAQ:CPRT)					

Best Buy Co., Inc. (NYSE:BBY) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) to Buy					

Dynagas LNG Partners’ (DLNG) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus					

Citigroup Inc. Trims Concho Resources Inc. (NYSE:CXO) Target Price to $151.00					

Analyzing FEI (FEIC) and Pitney Bowes (PBI)					

Crescent Point Energy Corporation (NYSE:CPG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research					

UTi Worldwide (NASDAQ:UTIW) and Air Transport Services Group (ATSG) Critical Review					

Analyzing Navios Maritime Holdings (NM) & CAI International (CAI)					

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) Downgraded by Argus					

Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for Ciena Corporation (NYSE:CIEN)					

Hugo Boss AG (ETR:BOSS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages					





 





						Jolley Asset Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR)					

						 July 24th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles 







Tweet










Jolley Asset Management LLC reduced its stake in  Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) by 1.5% during the second quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 6,615 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. Jolley Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Emerson Electric were worth $394,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. 
Other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Bartlett & Co. LLC increased its position in  Emerson Electric by 0.3% in the second quarter. Bartlett & Co. LLC now owns 168,986 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $10,075,000 after buying an additional 578 shares during the last quarter.  Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA boosted its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 0.7% in the second quarter. Dixon Hubard Feinour & Brown Inc. VA now owns 111,382 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $6,641,000 after buying an additional 765 shares in the last quarter.  Sky Investment Group LLC boosted its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 2.7% in the second quarter. Sky Investment Group LLC now owns 51,734 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $3,084,000 after buying an additional 1,365 shares in the last quarter.  TNB Financial boosted its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 3.3% in the second quarter. TNB Financial now owns 248,889 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $14,839,000 after buying an additional 8,017 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in shares of  Emerson Electric by 13.1% in the second quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 27,206 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,622,000 after buying an additional 3,152 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  68.88% of the company’s stock. 
Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR) opened at 60.04 on Monday. Emerson Electric Company has a 1-year low of $49.22 and a 1-year high of $64.36. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $59.68 and its 200 day moving average is $59.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $38.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 and a beta of 1.20. 




Emerson Electric (NYSE:EMR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.58. The company had revenue of $3.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.49 billion. Emerson Electric had a return on equity of 23.37% and a net margin of 8.72%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down .1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.57 EPS.  Equities analysts anticipate that  Emerson Electric Company will post $2.60 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was  published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/24/jolley-asset-management-llc-sells-100-shares-of-emerson-electric-company-nyseemr.html. 
A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Emerson Electric from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Emerson Electric from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $62.00 price objective on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, June 6th. Cowen and Company  reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $62.00 price target on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, JMP Securities started coverage on shares of Emerson Electric in a report on Monday, June 19th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $70.00 price target for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued  a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.96.
About Emerson Electric
Emerson Electric Co is a diversified global manufacturing company, which provides solutions to customers by bringing technology and engineering together in the industrial, commercial and consumer markets around the world. The Company operates through four segments based on the nature of the products and services rendered: Process Management, Industrial Automation, Climate Technologies and Commercial & Residential Solutions.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EMR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Emerson Electric Company (NYSE:EMR).






Receive News & Ratings for Emerson Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Emerson Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 





























































JAM- Client Log In
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC









Contact
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC









JAM- Biographies
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC









JAM- About JAM
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC









JAM in the Press
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC









JAM- Biographies
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Jolley Asset Management LLC Buys 2213 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)




























emfizz.com July 29, 2017

































Main


Business


Entertaiment


Electronics


Research


Sport


Worldwide


Medical


Local












TOP


Newmont Mining Corporation (NYSE:NEM) PT Raised to $55.00 at Scotiabank
Starbucks pulls the plug on Teavana - including 3 stores in NYC
US Economy Grew At 2.6 Percent Rate In 2nd Quarter
Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Upgraded by TheStreet to "B-"
Raytheon Company (NYSE:RTN) Position Boosted by Advisors Capital Management LLC




 

 


Jolley Asset Management LLC Buys 2213 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)






28 July 2017, 03:32 | Jan Cross


UPDATE 1-Gilead Sciences quarterly results beat Wall Street estimates
 


About 3,908 shares traded.Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. cut its position in shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. It has underperformed by 38.50% the S&P500. Gilead's hepatitis C drug franchise has struggled in recent quarters and the company has said it's on the lookout for an acquisition in the cancer space. Gross Profit (ttm) is 26.13 Million. During the same period past year, the company earned $3.08 EPS. Traders who own the stock with a record date on Fri, Jun 16th were paid a $0.52 dividend. Cst Brands Inc now has $3.70 billion valuation. It has underperformed by 12.95% the S&P500. It seems that WPX Energy, Inc. The company has market cap of $98.89 billion. The Firm is engaged in the authentication, grading, publication and Web advertising, subscription business and product sales. It now has negative earnings. The Company's divisions include Retail, CT REIT and Financial Services. (NRG Yield) and Corporate activities.Investors sentiment decreased to 0.7 in 2016 Q4. The value of the investment in GILD increased from $1,593,000 to $1,601,000 increasing 0.5% for the reporting period. It dived, as 36 investors sold QEP Resources Inc shares while 103 reduced holdings. 25 funds opened positions while 51 raised stakes. Cibc Markets invested in 0.06% or 210,532 shares. Synovus reported 11,520 shares stake. Tower Limited Liability Corporation (Trc) owns 2,334 shares or 0.01% of their U.S. portfolio. De Burlo Gp reported 45,203 shares. Ubs Asset Management Americas holds 0% in Aecom (NYSE:ACM) or 95,898 shares. Boston Advsrs Ltd Liability Co reported 0.08% in Aecom (NYSE:ACM). Strs Ohio reduced its ownership by shedding 37,090 shares a decrease of 2.6% as of 06/30/2017. (NYSE:CBU). Susquehanna International Ltd Liability Partnership stated it has 84,838 shares or 0% of all its holdings. 304,947 are held by Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc Tx. 126.04 million shares or 3.04% less from 129.98 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported.05/03/2017 - Gilead Sciences, Inc. had its "overweight" rating reiterated by analysts at Barclays. 20,365 shares were sold by WILSON GAYLE E, worth $1.41M. Insiders own 1.30% of the company's stock. The biopharmaceutical company reported $2.56 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters' consensus estimate of $2.14 by $0.42. Therefore 79% are positive. The company was maintained on Wednesday, June 14 by William Blair. The firm has "Sector Perform" rating by Scotia Capital given on Monday, August 24. Suntrust Robinson initiated the stock with "Neutral" rating in Friday, October 16 report. The stock of QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP) has "Buy" rating given on Tuesday, June 14 by Deutsche Bank. On Tuesday, March 15 the stock rating was maintained by Jefferies with "Hold".Investors sentiment decreased to 1.27 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.18, from 0.8 in 2016Q3.A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on GILD.
Nokia Oyj (ADR) (NOK) Analysts See $0.04 EPS
					Finally, Checchi Capital Advisers LLC boosted its stake in shares of Nokia Corporation by 32.4% in the first quarter. The Company's segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies.
					
Bob Bradley hired as the first manager of Los Angeles FC
					Bob's son, Michael, who is fresh off winning the Gold Cup for the United States, now plays for Toronto FC. Galaxy president Chris Klein said.
					
Madden 18 rookie ratings are out, and Myles Garrett did well
					The NFL's licensed video game from EA Sports returns yet again on August 25, just as it has for almost three decades. Watt come up big with other important ratings like Power Move, Block Shedding, Finesse Move, and Play Recognition".
					Total cash per share on the most recent quarter is 11.26. Sterling Ltd Co holds 0.69% in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). Eaton Vance Management has invested 0.57% of its portfolio in Gilead Sciences, Inc. Pembroke Management Ltd owns 145,600 shares or 0.32% of their United States portfolio.WARNING: "Gilead Sciences, Inc". (NASDAQ:GILD) news were published by: Nasdaq.com which released: "Gilead Sciences Inc". (NASDAQ GILD) opened at 73.74 on Wednesday. Brookmont Capital Mgmt, Texas-based fund reported 289,618 shares. D L Carlson Inv Grp has invested 0.44% in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). Utd Bank Va owns 3,216 shares or 0.28% of their USA portfolio. Whittier Company Of Nevada stated it has 0.71% in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD). 19,998 were accumulated by Mai. Charlemagne Ltd holds 0.27% in Gilead Sciences, Inc.Shares of Gilead, which closed at $74.19 on Nasdaq, rose 2.2 percent to $75.72 after hours.The Target Price for Gilead Sciences Inc (NASDAQ:GILD) is $76.7/share according to the consensus analysis of analysts working on the stock. Therefore 47% are positive. Maxim Group reiterated a "hold" rating on shares of Gilead Sciences in a research report on Thursday. RBC Capital Markets maintained Gilead Sciences, Inc. (NASDAQ:GILD) has "Outperform" rating given on Tuesday, October 20 by Oppenheimer. Morgan Stanley maintained it with "Equal-Weight" rating and $103 target in Thursday, May 26 report. Wells Fargo upgraded QEP Resources Inc (NYSE:QEP) on Friday, February 10 to "Outperform" rating. The stock of Gilead Sciences, Inc. The company was maintained on Wednesday, September 14 by Credit Suisse. (NASDAQ:GILD) or 6,472 shares.Since February 1, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 10 insider sales for $28.29 million activity. (NASDAQ:GILD) or 31,205 shares. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 3,199,969 shares in the company, valued at approximately $227,197,799. (NYSE:NKE) stake by 233,065 shares and now owns 244,539 shares. (GILD) stake by 9.65% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing.Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Iron Mountain Inc (NYSE:IRM) was reduced too.








Other News

Insider Activity of Intel Corporation

Manchester United Target Ivan Perisic Not Convinced About New Inter Contract

Three infiltrators shot dead by army in Gurez sector

Financial Watchlist of Graphic Packaging Holding Company (NYSE:GPK)

Amazon's Jeff Bezos becomes world's richest person

Almost  half of Republicans believe Trump won the popular vote in November

Monster Hunter World Weapon Details

New York Times Company

Traffic cameras given a green light by Ohio Supreme Court

Rolls-Royce Phantom resets the benchmark

Trump honors officers who stopped gunman attack on GOP lawmakers

Browns' Garrett 'ready to go' after foot injury

Colbert produces Trump animated series for Showtime

Barrick Gold Corporation (NYSE:ABX) Shares Bought by Exane Derivatives

There's Only One Woman On Forbes' List Of Highest Paid Comedians












 

Trending Now




Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (CLF) Trend of Beating EPS and Revenue Estimates

Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources by 18.5% in the first quarter. Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC raised its position in Cliffs Natural Resources by 100.0% in the second quarter.

Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) is Jag Capital Management LLC's 4th Largest Position

If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of worldwide copyright law. Current trade price levels places EA's stock about -2.05% away from the 52-week high and closed 54.14% away from the 52-week low.

EPS for Suncor Energy Inc. (USA) (SU) Expected At $0.23

Locust Wood Capital Advisers Llc increased Visa Inc (NYSE:V) stake by 94,110 shares to 401,780 valued at $31.35M in 2016Q4. Stock buyback programs are typically a sign that the company's board of directors believes its stock is undervalued.

'Time is running out' to stop North Korea, US says

He told a French news agency, "Our country is ever-victorious because we have the greatest leaders in the world".  In the North Korean version of the story, the conflict is known as the Fatherland Liberation War.

BidaskClub Lowers Ally Financial Inc

Finally, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its position in shares of Ally Financial by 1,058.4% in the first quarter. After $0.48 actual EPS reported by Ally Financial Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts 10.42 % EPS growth.

United Airlines Sued Over Death Of A Giant Rabbit

Instead, according to the lawsuit, United cremated Simon's body without first getting permission from the ownership group. At some point before that second leg of the trip, airline staff noted that Simon had passed away.

Palestinian kills three members of Israeli family in West Bank stabbing

The spasm of violence began on Friday, when Israeli security forces shot three demonstrators dead, Palestinian medics said. Friday's main weekly Muslim prayers - which normally draw thousands to Al Aqsa - brought the situation to a boil.

PlayStation Plus free games for August 2017 announced

It's nearly August and PlayStation Plus users have plenty to look forward to, with free games being at the top of the list. Just like Microsoft 's Xbox Games with Gold , Sony has free games to give to its fans every month.

Solar Eclipse 2017: What will you see from your ZIP code?

You will need a solar filter such as a solar telescope, a solar projector or solar eclipse glasses. In the Wichita area, a partial eclipse will be visible for about two to three hours midday.

Intel Announces 15 Cent Increase In 2017 Adj. EPS Guidance

For the current quarter, Wall Street is looking for non-GAAP earnings of 74 cents per share with $15.32 billion in revenue. Profit in the prior-year quarter was hurt by a charge of $1.41 billion related to Intel's cost-cutting drive.






Dont Miss





Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Shares Bought by Regent Investment Management LLC






Trump continues to see high approval ratings in Louisiana






Capito Statement on Health Care, Vote to Repeal Obamacare - Shelley Moore Capito






Flash floods damage buildings, sweep away cars in Kansas City






Cenovus Energy Inc. (CVE) stock price climbed 6.29%






'Inadequate' Japan opposition leader Renho quits






PayPal Hits New High, Then Pulls Back Amid Price Target Hikes






State of emergency prompts evacuation of Ocracoke Island






Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (CTSH) Stake Raised by Moon Capital Management LLC






OLA may get funds of $400 million from Tencent






New York Community Bancorp, Inc






Haverford Trust Company Holding in Anheuser (BUD) Trimmed by $3.28 Million






Wayne Rooney after winning Everton return: 'It was a great feeling'






Scaramucci to Contact the FBI About 'Felony' Financial Disclosure 'Leak'






Scaramucci unleashes profanity-filled rant against fellow Trump aides Priebus, Bannon























 







About Company

Job Openings
Site Map













© emfizz.com | All Rights Reserved.



 


Jolley Asset Management LLC                                                                                              - Rocky Mount                                       , NC         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NC



Rocky Mount



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Jolley Asset Management LLC
                                    



 





















J 


Jolley Asset Management LLC                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



210 BRYANT ST STE A ROCKY MOUNT, NC 27804
Get Directions



(252) 451-1450
www.jolleyasset.com                                                                                     





Business Info



 Founded 1998
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $600,000.00
 Employee Count 6
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Frank Jolley                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jolley Asset Management Llc                                                                                              is located at 210 Bryant St Ste A in Rocky Mount and has been in the business of Management Investment, Open-end since 1998. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














﻿






























Investors Buy Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) on Weakness - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Pfizer Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Pfizer Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Internap Corporation (NASDAQ:INAP) Major Shareholder Sells $4,386,492.00 in Stock
Investors Buy Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) on Weakness
Investors Buy Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) on Weakness
Regal Entertainment Group (NYSE:RGC) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.02
Steel Dynamics (NASDAQ:STLD) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.26
Contrasting Elizabeth Arden (RDEN) and Inter Parfums (IPAR)
Nord Anglia Education (NORD) vs. Grand Canyon Education (LOPE) Critical Review
Analyzing Boot Barn Holdings (NYSE:BOOT) and DSW (DSW)
Head to Head Comparison: TrueBlue (TBI) & On Assignment (NASDAQ:ASGN)
Bank of America Corp DE Sells 132,755 Shares of Owens Corning Inc (NYSE:OC)
Brokerages Anticipate BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) Will Post Earnings of -$0.24 Per Share
Insider Buying: Energy Transfer Partners LP (NYSE:ETP) Director Buys 2,000 Shares of Stock
FY2020 Earnings Forecast for Fred’s, Inc. (FRED) Issued By SunTrust Banks
Computer Modelling Group Ltd. (TSE:CMG) Insider Sells C$51,150.00 in Stock
BOK Financial Corporation (BOKF) EVP Sells $141,680.00 in Stock
Garrison Bradford & Associates Inc. Has $765,000 Stake in 3M Company (MMM)
Brokers Set Expectations for Accenture PLC’s FY2018 Earnings (ACN)
Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA Acquires 219 Shares of Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. (NYSE:VSH)
Jefferies Group Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Quintiles Transitional Holdings Inc. (Q)
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 866 Shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS)







Investors Buy Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) on Weakness


					Posted by Lucas Kauffman on Jul 25th, 2017 // No Comments




Traders purchased shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) on weakness during trading hours on Tuesday. $163.21 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $80.49 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $82.72 million into the stock. Of all stocks tracked, Pfizer had the 5th highest net in-flow for the day. Pfizer traded down ($0.22) for the day and closed at $33.10
Several analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Morgan Stanley  reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $35.00 price objective (down from $38.00) on shares of Pfizer in a research note on Monday, June 12th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pfizer from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, July 14th. Jefferies Group LLC  reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Pfizer in a research note on Friday, June 16th. Citigroup Inc. cut Pfizer from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $38.00 to $31.00 in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  restated a “hold” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Pfizer in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $37.68.


 Get Pfizer Inc. alerts:



The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $33.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $33.25. The company has a market cap of $197.54 billion, a PE ratio of 27.86 and a beta of 1.01. 





Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.69 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.67 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $12.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $13.09 billion. Pfizer had a net margin of 13.76% and a return on equity of 23.68%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.67 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts expect that  Pfizer, Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be paid a $0.32 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 2nd. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.87%. Pfizer’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.48%. 
A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Greytown Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in  Pfizer during the fourth quarter valued at $284,000.  Stellar Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in  Pfizer during the fourth quarter valued at $433,000.  Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in  Pfizer by 618.4% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 11,094,592 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $360,362,000 after buying an additional 9,550,335 shares during the period.  Good Life Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in  Pfizer during the fourth quarter valued at $484,000.  Finally, Sii Investments Inc. WI raised its stake in  Pfizer by 12.3% in the fourth quarter. Sii Investments Inc. WI now owns 158,488 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,126,000 after buying an additional 17,303 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  69.98% of the company’s stock. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first  reported by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/25/investors-buy-shares-of-pfizer-inc-nysepfe-on-weakness.html. 
About Pfizer
Pfizer Inc (Pfizer) is a research-based global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Its global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as consumer healthcare products. The Company manages its commercial operations through two business segments: Pfizer Innovative Health (IH) and Pfizer Essential Health (EH).





Receive News & Ratings for Pfizer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pfizer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 











































﻿






























NBT Bank N A NY Has $7.85 Million Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) - Chaffey Breeze













































 
















 



  
 
 
























Daily Ratings & News for Pfizer Inc.

        
	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Pfizer Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:










Follow @chaffeybreeze












Recent Posts

Ibstock plc (IBST) Earns “Buy” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG
Gerald Evans Sells 43,379 Shares of Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Stock
Astec Industries (ASTE) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.52
FactSet Research Systems Inc. (NYSE:FDS) Director Philip A. Hadley Sells 100,017 Shares
Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Outperform” Rating from BNP Paribas
Tax Systems PLC (TAX) Earns “Corporate” Rating from FinnCap
Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) Position Maintained by Neville Rodie & Shaw Inc.
Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 19,373 Shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (HPE)
Capstone Asset Management Co. Cuts Stake in ABB Ltd (ABB)
Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP) Shares Sold by Country Club Trust Company n.a.
Charter Trust Co. Has $365,000 Stake in HCP, Inc. (HCP)
Charter Trust Co. Lowers Position in Baker Hughes A GE Co (BHI)
Thomas Cook Group plc (TCG) Rating Reiterated by Panmure Gordon
Hammerson plc’s (HMSO) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group
Barclays PLC Reiterates €51.00 Price Target for Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG)
Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC Has $299,000 Stake in CenturyLink, Inc. (CTL)
First American Bank Has $531,000 Position in Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT)
Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC Has $204,000 Position in News Corporation (NWSA)
Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ:AMGN) Stock Rating Upgraded by ValuEngine
Apogee Enterprises, Inc. (NASDAQ:APOG) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine







NBT Bank N A NY Has $7.85 Million Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE)


					Posted by Oliver Carreras on Jul 21st, 2017 // No Comments




NBT Bank N A NY decreased its position in  Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) by 0.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor  owned 229,364 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 1,005 shares during the period. Pfizer comprises about  1.3% of NBT Bank N A NY’s portfolio, making the stock its 22nd largest position. NBT Bank N A NY’s holdings in Pfizer were worth $7,847,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of PFE. Asset Planning Services Ltd. increased its position in shares of  Pfizer by 4.9% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 2,961 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 137 shares during the period.  Orrstown Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of  Pfizer by 23.0% in the first quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,275 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 612 shares during the period.  Cable Hill Partners LLC increased its position in shares of  Pfizer by 6.0% in the first quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 4,664 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $160,000 after buying an additional 265 shares during the period.  D Orazio & Associates Inc. increased its position in shares of  Pfizer by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. D Orazio & Associates Inc. now owns 5,223 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $170,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the period.  Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its position in shares of  Pfizer by 3,170.0% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 170,729 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $171,000 after buying an additional 165,508 shares during the period. 69.95% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. 


 Get Pfizer Inc. alerts:



Shares of Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE) opened at 33.54 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $200.16 billion, a PE ratio of 28.23 and a beta of 1.01. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $33.20 and its 200 day moving average price is $33.25. Pfizer, Inc. has a 12 month low of $29.83 and a 12 month high of $37.39.  Pfizer also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Tuesday. Traders acquired 21,983 put options on the company. This is an increase of 351% compared to the typical daily volume of 4,871 put options.





Pfizer (NYSE:PFE) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported $0.69 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.02. Pfizer had a return on equity of 23.68% and a net margin of 13.76%. The firm had revenue of $12.78 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.09 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.67 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.7% on a year-over-year basis.  On average, analysts forecast that  Pfizer, Inc. will post $2.55 EPS for the current year. 
The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, August 4th will be given a dividend of $0.32 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 2nd. This represents a $1.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.82%. Pfizer’s payout ratio is currently 108.48%. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “NBT Bank N A NY Has $7.85 Million Stake in Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE)” was originally  published by Chaffey Breeze and is the property of of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.chaffeybreeze.com/2017/07/21/nbt-bank-n-a-ny-has-7-85-million-stake-in-pfizer-inc-nysepfe.html. 
A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on PFE shares. Citigroup Inc. downgraded shares of Pfizer from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $38.00 to $31.00 in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. Morgan Stanley  reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of Pfizer in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Barclays PLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of Pfizer in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Sanford C. Bernstein  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price target on shares of Pfizer in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $33.00 price target on shares of Pfizer in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued  a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Pfizer presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $37.68.
Pfizer Company Profile
Pfizer Inc (Pfizer) is a research-based global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the discovery, development and manufacture of healthcare products. Its global portfolio includes medicines and vaccines, as well as consumer healthcare products. The Company manages its commercial operations through two business segments: Pfizer Innovative Health (IH) and Pfizer Essential Health (EH).
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PFE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pfizer, Inc. (NYSE:PFE).







Receive News & Ratings for Pfizer Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pfizer Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.








 






















Latest News





Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website












 

 














































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Jolley Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Jolley Asset Management, LLC


Jolley Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 113600) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Rocky Mount, NC.
They
manage $194,388,506 in 332 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 1 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Jolley Asset Management, LLC




210 Bryant Street, Suite A,
Rocky Mount,
NC
27804
252-451-1450
https://www.jolleyasset.com




https://www.jolleyasset.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

194
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

332
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$585,508







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




NC






Financial Advisors at Jolley Asset Management, LLC




Showing 1 - 3 of 3 top financial advisors.





1















Frank G. Jolley



CRD#:
1011372



210 Bryant Street, Suite A,
Rocky Mount,
NC
27804




96

Wealthminder
score








Frank Jolley (CRD# 1011372) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Jolley Asset Management, LLC in Rocky Mount, NC and has 
over 35 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Terry W. Sapp



CRD#:
4561196



210 Bryant Street, Suite A,
Rocky Mount,
NC
27804




96

Wealthminder
score








Terry Sapp (CRD# 4561196) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Jolley Asset Management, LLC in Rocky Mount, NC and has 
over 16 years
of experience in the finance industry.






3















William H. Collier



CRD#:
1123362



210 Bryant Street, Suite A,
Rocky Mount,
NC
27804




93

Wealthminder
score








William Collier (CRD# 1123362) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Jolley Asset Management, LLC in Rocky Mount, NC and has 
over 34 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now



















JAM- Recommended Books
























Home | About JAM | Biographies | Investment Outlooks | JAM in the Press | Books & Websites | Wit & Wisdom | Client Log-In | Contact Us | Search








This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them.




Terms & Conditions

	Copyright Š 2006
	Jolley Asset Management, LLC




