Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksTwitter's Q2 In Brief: Not A Good StockTWTR• Today, 1:50 AM • Steven Mallas•2 CommentsThe 'Skynet' Gambit - AI At The BrinkBIDU, GOOG, NVDA• Today, 1:19 AM • William Tidwell•6 CommentsPower Integrations, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPOWI• Yesterday, 11:48 PM • SA TranscriptsNTT DoCoMo, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDCM• Yesterday, 8:16 PM • SA TranscriptsExamining First Solar's Amazing QuarterFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•6 CommentsAmazon's Stock Is Likely To Pull Back FurtherAMZN• Yesterday, 6:56 PM • David Zanoni•29 CommentsBaidu - Key Takeaways From Q2BIDU• Yesterday, 6:52 PM • Kenra Investors•3 CommentsApplied Materials: Growth At A DiscountAMAT• Yesterday, 6:12 PM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsThe New Dividend Growth Sector: TechnologyAAPL, MSFT, CSCO• Yesterday, 5:57 PM • The Dividend Guy•7 CommentsKT Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKT• Yesterday, 5:19 PM • SA TranscriptsSnap: Big Lock-Up Expiration Happens Next WeekSNAP• Yesterday, 5:13 PM • Alex Cho•37 CommentsChunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCHT• Yesterday, 5:12 PM • SA TranscriptsHere's Why Amazon Missed Q2's Earnings Estimate By A MileAMZN• Yesterday, 5:07 PM • James Brumley•27 CommentsAdvanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASX• Yesterday, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsOracle: Is Further Growth Possible?ORCL• Yesterday, 4:32 PM • Egor KachalovAMD Vs. Intel: Winner Of Q2 Earnings?AMD, INTC• Yesterday, 4:29 PM • Alex Cho•28 CommentsWhy The Long-Term Prosperity Of Baidu Is GuaranteedBIDU• Yesterday, 3:38 PM • Motek Moyen•10 CommentsRedfin IPO Offers Investors Growth In An Industry Ripe For DisruptionRDFN• Yesterday, 3:26 PM • Michael W Byrne•6 CommentsAfter The Smoke Clears - Future Of AmazonAMZN• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Gary Bourgeault•33 CommentsIntel - Transformation Is On TrackINTC• Yesterday, 2:33 PM • The Value Investor•4 CommentsIntel's Rope-A-Dope StrategyAMD, INTC• Yesterday, 2:29 PM • Mark Hibben•109 CommentsWhy You Should Forget Q2 And Think About Amazon Long TermAMZN• Yesterday, 2:21 PM • Michael A. Ball•38 CommentsWhy Alphabet Stock Fell Despite Beating EPS EstimatesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 1:54 PM • Markos Kaminis•6 CommentsLowering Apple's Price Target Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Alex Cho•78 CommentsIntel Delivers Strong Earnings, But There Are ConcernsINTC• Yesterday, 1:25 PM • Technology Investing•10 CommentsRedfin Is Scheduled For A Promising IPORDFN• Yesterday, 1:16 PM • Nicholas Durante•5 CommentsSAP: The Right Choices Lead To The Right OutcomesEditors' Pick • SAP• Yesterday, 12:46 PM • Bert Hochfeld•5 CommentsIntel Invests In $30.7 Million Big Switch Networks Expansion RoundINTC• Yesterday, 12:39 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentOrange 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesORAN• Yesterday, 12:35 PM • SA TranscriptsAmazon Q2: 3 Red Flags And 1 Potentially Broken Investment ThesisAMZN• Yesterday, 12:32 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•30 CommentsAT&T's New Debt - Not What You'd ExpectT• Yesterday, 12:18 PM • Jonathan Weber•20 CommentsReorganization Of Nortel Inversora Finally Set To Unlock Value For Shareholders, Additional Upside From Telecom/Cablevision MergerNTL• Yesterday, 12:10 PM • PineStreet•1 CommentAT&T: A Standup Double Of A QuarterT• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • PendragonY•16 CommentsAMD: The Sky Is Falling, The Sky Is FallingAMD• Yesterday, 11:47 AM • Austin Craig•113 CommentsVerizon Is Flying HigherVZ• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • Josh Arnold•8 CommentsEllie Mae's Quarterly Miss, An Inflection Point?ELLI• Yesterday, 11:35 AM • Shareholders Unite•6 CommentsIt's A Fresh Start: The Transition Story Of BlackBerryBBRY• Yesterday, 11:01 AM • Roy Wang•51 CommentsProximus Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBGAOF• Yesterday, 10:59 AM • SA TranscriptsVerizon: New Quarter, Same ConcernsVZ• Yesterday, 10:54 AM • Robert Riesen•15 CommentsAmazon's 'Horrible Quarter'AMZN• Yesterday, 10:48 AM • Detroit Bear•40 CommentsAmazon.com: The Clear Case For Regulatory ActionAMZN• Yesterday, 10:37 AM • Paulo Santos•127 CommentsFoxconn's American Dream: Wisconsin Shells Out $3 Billion To Hon Hai Precision IndustryEditors' Pick • HNHAF• Yesterday, 9:54 AM • Ramon Vredeling•9 CommentsIron Mountain Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIRM• Yesterday, 9:51 AM • SA TranscriptsPresident Trump's Chief Strategist Wants To DeFANG Facebook And GoogleFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 9:32 AM • David Pinsen•63 CommentsVerizon's Q2 2017 Earnings: Impressive Financial Results But Concerns RemainVZ• Yesterday, 8:53 AM • WG Investment Research•5 CommentsNETGEAR's Q2 Good Enough To Support A Higher MultipleEditors' Pick • NTGR• Yesterday, 8:15 AM • Vince Martin•2 CommentsAT&T: Black Swan Buyers May Signal Major Market SelloffT• Yesterday, 8:01 AM • David Alton Clark•35 CommentsNot Confident Of Your Retirement? You're Not AloneT• Yesterday, 8:00 AM • George Schneider•27 CommentsAmazon Is A Trade Not An InvestmentAMZN• Yesterday, 5:37 AM • Forrest Wilson•57 CommentsSafran SA 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSAFRF• Yesterday, 3:07 AM • SA TranscriptsLogitech: Irrational Sell-Off Has Created A Dip Buying OpportunityLOGI• Yesterday, 1:46 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•7 CommentsCypress: As Good As It GetsCY• Yesterday, 1:35 AM • Out of Ignorance•8 CommentsA Bear's Trade On Cisco For 5.6% IncomeCSCO• Thu, Jul. 27, 9:00 PM • Eric Basmajian•31 CommentsRogers Communications - The Telecom Riding The Market Like There Is No TomorrowRCI• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:18 PM • The Dividend Guy•2 CommentsFlex Ltd.. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFLEX• Thu, Jul. 27, 8:01 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Sage Group To Acquire Intacct For Financial Management SolutionsSGGEF• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:46 PM • Donovan JonesGigamon, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGIMO• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:42 PM • SA TranscriptsAMD: The Price Is Still SillyAMD• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:24 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•161 CommentsAmazon: Ugly Q3 Guidance Easily PredictedAMZN• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:18 PM • Stone Fox Capital•87 CommentsInphi: Accelerating In The High-Speed LaneIPHI• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:10 PM • Atanas Baldzhiyski•2 CommentsNational Instruments Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNATI• Thu, Jul. 27, 7:08 PM • SA TranscriptsIBM Will Fail Where Microsoft ThrivesMSFT, IBM• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:37 PM • The Dividend Guy•29 CommentsForecasting Apple's Q3 Using Apple GuidanceAAPL• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:37 PM • Scott Nickerson•13 CommentsThis Is Not Your Grandfather's AT&TEditors' Pick • T• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:23 PM • Chuck Carnevale•84 CommentsAmazon: First Look And AWS ThoughtsAMZN• Thu, Jul. 27, 6:21 PM • D.M. Martins Research•44 CommentsVeon: Launching A New ProductVEON• Thu, Jul. 27, 5:22 PM • KMP Ideas•1 CommentA10 Networks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesATEN• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:58 PM • SA TranscriptsAT&T Remains Strong For Income InvestorsT• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:58 PM • Aisha Rahman•23 Comments8X8 Inc 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEGHT• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:50 PM • SA TranscriptsXiaomi Comeback Marches On, But Will It Last?XI• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:24 PM • Doug YoungLooking Deeper Into AMD's EarningsAMD• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:22 PM • Technology Investing•109 CommentsApple A Buy For The Total Return InvestorAAPL• Thu, Jul. 27, 4:13 PM • William Stamm•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner:  Strong AT&T Earnings Enhance The Case For The Combined EntityT• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:22 PM • Comanche Peak Investments•13 CommentsIchor Systems: An Unknown GemICHR• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:16 PM • Jeremy Rowe•8 CommentsMicrosoft Riding High On The CloudMSFT• Thu, Jul. 27, 3:13 PM • Sramana Mitra•5 Comments123456...1163Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










CapStar Financial's (CSTR) CEO Claire Tucker on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CSTR•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  2:58 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vicor's (VICR) CEO Patrizio Vinciarelli on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VICR•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:39 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compañía de Minas Buenaventura's (BVN) CEO Victor Gobitz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BVN•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Validus Holdings' (VR) CEO Ed Noonan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VR•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Compagnie de Saint Gobain's (CODGF) CEO Pierre-Andre de Chalendar on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CODGF•
      Sat, Jul. 29,  1:00 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




NexJ Systems' (NEXJF) CEO Bill Tatham on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEXJF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:55 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Piper Jaffray's (PJC) CEO Andrew Duff on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PJC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:44 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Osram Licht's (OSAGF) CEO Olaf Berlien on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OSAGF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




CVR Refining's (CVRR) CEO Jack Lipinski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVRR•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:30 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Blucora's (BCOR) CEO John Clendening on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BCOR•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:24 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Electricite de France (ECIFF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ECIFF•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:14 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Santander-Chile's (BSAC) on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BSAC•
      Sat, Jul. 29, 12:06 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




IRADIMED's (IRMD) CEO Roger Susi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IRMD•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacifico's (PAC) CEO Fernando Bosque on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PAC•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Power Integrations' (POWI) CEO Balu Balakrishnan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


POWI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Midland States Bancorp's (MSBI) CEO Leon Holschbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MSBI•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:37 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




L'Oreal's (LRLCF) CEO Jean-Paul Agon on First Half 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LRLCF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Teranga Gold's (TGCDF) CEO Richard Young on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TGCDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 11:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




IMI's (IMIAF) CEO Mark Selway on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IMIAF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco De Sabadell's (BNDSF) CEO Jaime Guardiola on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BNDSF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eutelsat Communications' (EUTLF) CEO Rodolphe Belmer on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EUTLF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danone's (GPDNF) CEO Cécile Cabanis on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GPDNF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Southern Copper Corporation (SCCO) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SCCO•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Takeda Pharmaceutical's (TKPHF) CEO Christophe Weber on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TKPHF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Aecon Group's (AEGXF) CEO John Beck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AEGXF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Renault's (RNSDF) CEO Carlos Ghosn on H1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RNSDF•
      Fri, Jul. 28, 10:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




BankFinancial's (BFIN) CEO F. Morgan Gasior on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BFIN•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:56 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Credit Suisse Group's (CS) CEO Tidjane Thiam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Domtar (UFS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


UFS•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LYB•
      Fri, Jul. 28,  9:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4458Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Davidi Jonas: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:32 AM ET
Diversified Telecommunication Services

Company Overview of Straight Path Communications Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Davidi   Jonas  Chairman of the Board, CEO & President, Straight Path Communications Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships31$622,357As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Davidi Jonas has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Straight Path Communications Inc. since April 2013. Mr. Jonas served as a Vice President of Business Development at IDT Corporation and Manager of Straight Path Spectrum since August 2012. He served as an Executive Vice President of Straight Path IP Group from November 2012. Mr. Jonas also served as the Rabbi of Kingsbridge Center of Israel in the Bronx, New York since 2010. He has been Chairman of ... the Board at Straight Path Communications Inc. since August 1, 2013 and has been its Director since April 2013. He served as Director of Straight Path IP Group since November 2012. Mr. Jonas taught Judaic Studies in SAR High School in Riverdale, New York from 2010 to 2012. He received rabbinic ordination from Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Rabbinical School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
5300 Hickory Park DriveGlen Allen, Virginia 23059United StatesPhone: 804-433-1522Fax: 804-234-8810
Board Members Memberships
2013-PresentChairman of the Board, CEO & PresidentStraight Path Communications Inc.
Education
				There is no Education data available.
				Other Affiliations
IDT Corporation


Annual Compensation
Salary$325,000Bonus$100,000Total Annual Compensation$425,000
Stocks Options
All Other Compensation$10,600Exercisable Options$3,527Unexercisable Options$38,798Total Number of Options$42,325
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$435,600Total Short Term Compensation$425,000Other Long Term Compensation$10,600Total Calculated Compensation$622,357




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJeffrey K. Storey Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Level 3 Communications, Inc.$4.4MRandall L. Stephenson Chairman, CEO & PresidentAT&T Inc.$1.8MBrian L. Roberts Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentComcast Corporation$3.0MLowell C. McAdam Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Verizon WirelessVerizon Communications Inc.$1.6MCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Straight Path Communications Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























    Davidi Jonas | Straight Path Communications Inc. | ZoomInfo.comStraight Path Communications' (STRP) CEO Davidi Jonas on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Straight Path Communications' (STRP) CEO Davidi Jonas on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptOct. 7.16 | About: Straight Path (STRP) Straight Path Communications Inc. (NYSEMKT:STRP)
Q4 2016 Earnings Conference Call
October 7, 2016 4:15 PM ET
Executives
Davidi Jonas - President and Chief Executive Officer
Jonathan Rand - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts
Q - 
Operator
Good afternoon and welcome to the Straight Path Communications’ Fourth Quarter and Year-End Fiscal 2016 Earnings Call and Webcast. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.
As a reminder, some of the matters Straight Path management will discuss on this call are forward-looking statements. You should keep in mind that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and it could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements and that such statements are not a guarantee of future performance.
In addition to the factors specifically noted in the forward-looking statements, such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to general economic conditions and those factors discussed under the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other SEC filings.
The forward-looking statements are made of this date and the Company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
Representing Straight Path today are Davidi Jonas, Chief Executive Officer; and Jonathan Rand, Chief Financial Officer. Let me quickly outline the agenda for today's call. Davidi will discuss Straight Path’s achievements and overall strategy. Then, Jonathan will outline the Company's financials and outlook. There will not be an opportunity to ask questions on today's call.
And now, allow me to turn the call over to Straight Path’s CEO, Davidi Jonas. Davidi, the floor is yours.
Davidi Jonas
Thank you and thank you all for joining us on today's call. I would like to discuss some recent developments in our three segments as well as provide some outlook regarding where we are heading. Allow me to begin with Straight Path’s IP Group.
Following our successes at the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals as well as the related hearings at the Patent Trial and Appeals Board, we are now facing an appeal back to the Federal Circuit on the PTAB's conclusions and some of the inter-party reviews challenging the patentability of our patent. Of course, the PTAB's conclusions were informed by the Federal Circuit’s earlier decision, but nonetheless the appellants have appealed as a matter of right.
During the pendency of the appeal, there is a possibility that some or all of our cases pending in Federal District Court will remain or be stayed. The court in the Eastern District of Virginia for instance has elected to keep the stay in place, but the other courts have not yet decided.
In the coming weeks and months, we intend to move forward with attempts at resolution and/or furthering the progress of our cases. Moving on to Straight Path Ventures, our wireless hardware development segment. We recently reported that our Gigabit Mobility Lab conducted a successful indoor demonstration of a development stage prototype 39 GHz 5G [ph] transceiver. The press release describing some of the results as well as a link to a brief video can be found on our website.
The accomplishments of our lab led by our Chief Technology Officer, Jerry Pi exceeded our expectations. In a matter of a few short months and on a relatively small budget, we were able to demonstrate the ability of phased arrays and beamforming with industry standard modulation at 39 GHz. While we still have a lot of work to get to a commercial product, this is an important milestone for our Company.

We are planning an outdoor demonstration in the coming months where we hope to cover a much longer distance and continue to showcase our engineering prowess and the 39 GHz frontier. Of course we hope this raises the profile of not just our technical expertise, but of what can be achieved with 39 GHz. To date much of the industry's millimeter wave testing and demonstrations have been focused at 28 GHz. We hope our efforts will bring greater focus to 39 GHz as well.
Moving on to Straight Path Spectrum. As our press release disclosed following the release of the UMFU Report and Order, the Report and Order released in July adopted rules quite in line with Straight Path’s goals and advocacy. The FCC’s rules include flexible use rates for incumbents, repacking the 39 GHz band, 200 MHz channel sizes; partial economic areas instead of counties unlike at 28 GHz.
Pushing out the next substantial service demonstration to 2024, access to the bands for satellite in a manner that protects terrestrial services, and technical rules that allow for wide area coverage. Aside from the Commission’s rulemaking activity, we are seeing growing adoption of 39 GHz mainly as a result of our investments and efforts.
For example, we recently signed a multiyear lease agreement with a nationwide advanced network communications provider which will serve potentially thousands of customers across dozens of markets using Cambridge Broadband Network’s 39 GHz point-to-multipoint radios and Spectrum lease term out.
At the same time, we have been seeing growing interest in 39 GHz from operators across the country. In anticipation of the availability of 39 GHz PMP, we engaged new lessees to initiate them into 39 GHz. We currently have customers operating on channels covering more than 90% of our licensed holdings by MHz-Pops.
Following the conclusion of our independent investigation, we disclosed the results of the investigation to the FCC and provided additional information requested by the commission. The commission recently sent us a letter of inquiry requesting additional information as part of their investigation. We continue to fully cooperate with the commission.
While we cannot foretell how long the investigation will take nor what the outcome will be, we hope that the investigation will be brought to a satisfactory resolution in a shorter time as is practicable. We will continue to provide updates as developments [warrant].
We continue to be active in the commission's ongoing rulemaking proceeds. We submitted comments to the further notice of proposed rulemaking along with many other industry participants. While we expect the SNPRM to move a bit slower than the initial Report and Order, one can sense the importance that the industry and the commission placed on millimeter wave for the future of wireless communication.
We hope that as the leaders in license millimeter waves, 39 GHz and 28 GHz will set the tone. We have seen a transformation of these bands with the emergence of new technologies and customer demand. We hope to play a vital part in the next generation of fixed and mobile wireless communications.
With that, allow me to turn the call over to our CFO, Jonathan Rand. Jonathan?
Jonathan Rand
Thank you, Davidi. The FCC’s Upper Microwave Flexible Use Report and Order is certainly of a historic nature as the FCC took great steps for the United States to maintain its worldwide competitive stature in wireless communications by making a significant new portion of bandwidth available to support the explosive growth of data consumption via mobile users.
The fact that Straight Path has been in the middle of this process playing a significant role in both the regulatory proceedings and now also via innovative development of next-generation wireless technology testifies to our commitment and vision to make meaningful contributions to the wireless communications industry.

I am pleased to outline our financial results, as we completed the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2016 and three months ended July 31. I’ll start with the focus on Q4 and then move to a broader look at the entire 2016 fiscal year. For Q4, we recognized revenue of $122,000. This revenue was generated solely by our Spectrum subsidiary and is leveled with Spectrum lease revenue from the previous quarter.
We expect to see Spectrum revenue return to a modest quarterly increase as it had earlier in fiscal 2016. If there is a successful commercial launch and subsequent wireless operator adoption of the Cambridge 39 GHz point-to-multipoint radios expected at the earliest in Q1 of calendar 2017, we would then expect Spectrum lease revenue to increase more rapidly.
Total cost and expenses for the quarter were $4 million consisting of direct cost of revenues, research and development expense, and our SG&A. This compares to $2.1 million in Q3 and $4.2 million one-year ago. We continue to support critical research and development efforts in Q4. We achieved important progress in our Gigabit Mobility Lab and expensed an additional $107,000 towards R&D resulting in our recent 5G 39 GHz transceiver indoor demonstration, a major milestone for our venture segment and team.
In July, Cambridge reached the third of three development milestones towards its 39 GHz point-to-multipoint prototype, so we expensed the final $300,000 against the $1 million prepaid under our development arrangement with Cambridge. This quarters SG&A spend totaled $3.5 million including non-cash compensation of approximately $579,000.
This is up from last quarter's SG&A spending of $1.5 million, primarily due to an increase of expenses regarding our class action litigation and related regulatory matters and the cost of $855,000 for 39 GHz point-to-point equipment deployed via new Spectrum lessees as I will describe further below.
With $122,000 of revenue and $4 million in costs and expenses, we are reporting an operating loss of $3.8 million for Q4. This compares to a $1.8 million operating loss last quarter and $1.4 million operating loss in the year-ago quarter. The loss for this quarter reflects extra spending for SG&A items of equipment, litigation, and regulatory matters.
Moving on to the full fiscal year of 2016, we closed fiscal 2016 with $11.4 million of cash and cash equivalents versus $13.2 million at the end of Q3 and $18.6 million on hand at the close of fiscal year 2015.
Total revenue recognized for fiscal 2016 was $2.2 million versus $13.2 million in the previous year. This drop is due to the reduction in our IP Group's recognized revenue of $1.7 million in this fiscal year versus $12.8 million in fiscal 2015 as we recognized revenue from settlement and licensing arrangements entered into in prior years. This year’s Spectrum revenue of $461,000 increased by 8% over fiscal 2015.
Total cost and expenses for fiscal 2016 were $11.2 million versus $13 million for the previous year. This reduction in total costs and expenses is mainly due to a significant decrease in direct cost of revenue in line with the reduced revenue recognized from our IP settlement offset by increases in SG&A and R&D spending. This year's $11.2 million of expenses breaks out percentage wise approximately as follows; 8.3% direct cost of revenues, 24.6% non-cash compensation, 55.6% SG&A spending excluding the non-cash compensation, and 11.4% towards R&D.
Now I’d like to provide some of the expectations we have for the upcoming quarters. Our operational spending budget for fiscal 2017 is $5.5 million which consist of approximately $1 million per quarter for our general operations, $1 million for the full-year of support for our Gigabit Mobility Lab, and approximately $0.5 million to fund matters related to the shareholder litigation and FCC investigation, although this last component in particular is subject to change depending on future developments. We have also committed to increasing our purchase of CBNL 39 GHz hardware by about $1.3 million as noted last quarter to a total of approximately $2.1 million in total for the year.

On the revenue side, we anticipate there will be an increase in Spectrum lease revenue in fiscal 2017, more likely in the latter half of the year dependent primarily on the CBNL 39 GHz point-to-multipoint hardware being commercialized successfully and in a timely manner. As we previously disclosed in July, we signed a multiyear Spectrum lease agreement with a nationwide advanced network communications provider to lease our 39 GHz Spectrum in dozens of cities for use with CBNL point-to-multipoint radios once they are commercially released.
CBNL is expecting to test working prototypes with several U.S. operators in the coming months. Even if the CBNL radios are ready for commercial deployment, that particular lease should let generate several hundred thousand dollars of Spectrum lease revenue in fiscal 2017 with the expectation to ramp-up significantly. Although, of course, there are various risks inherent to predict future revenue based on new technology and other factors.
It's important to note that this transaction does not sell any Spectrum. As is typical in our Spectrum leasing arrangements, the operator is leasing the Spectrum, while we maintain full ownership of the Spectrum. I wanted to clarify this for our investors as there may have been some confusion related to an announcement released this past July.
Our further consideration regarding revenue, let's look at our IP Group going forward. Our IP Group recorded no revenue in this quarter, and the $96,000 we recorded in Q3 marks the final payment for all settlement and license agreements we have entered into to date. Only in the event that we enter into new settlement and license agreements or sell some or all of the IP will the IP Group generate revenue in the future.
Certainly the fact that we have prevailed in our appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals and subsequently on remand at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board puts the IP Group in a better position to generate future revenues, although of course that outcome is not certain and there are still significant challenges to meet.
There was one change in our financial statements I'd like to highlight. Regarding our purchase of point-to-point hardware as our investment to increase market adoption of 39 GHz Spectrum in the advance of the availability of Cambridge's system. In fiscal Q3, this was recorded as property and equipment net of depreciation in our balance sheet. For faster adoption and due to the marketing aspect of this campaign, we have reallocated that purchase to a marketing expense, which will be recorded either in SG&A for hardware install or as prepaid marketing expense for all related hardware yet to be installed.
The bottom line regarding our cash balance of a $11.4 million versus our various anticipated operational expenses and possible revenue for fiscal 2017 is that we feel our foreseeably available resources place us in a comfortable position for at least the next 12 months.
I hope this provides you with good insight into our fiscal status and forward-looking vision for Straight Path. There will not be a Q&A session on today's call, so we are ending the call at this time. Davidi and I thank you very much for joining Straight Path Communications’ fourth quarter fiscal 2016 conference call.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
 
 
End of Q&A
Operator
This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Diversified Communication Services, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All STRP TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP) CEO & PRESIDENT Davidi Jonas Sold $5.4 million of Shares - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Straight Path Communications Inc (STRP) CEO & PRESIDENT Davidi Jonas Sold $5.4 million of Shares


July 07, 2017, 06:15:01 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


CEO & PRESIDENT of Straight Path Communications Inc ( STRP ) Davidi Jonas sold 30,000 shares of STRP on 07/05/2017 at an average price of $179.6 a share. The total sale was $5.4 million.Straight Path Communications Inc provides services to internet service and telecommunications providers. It holds licenses for fixed wireless spectrum in the United States, providing broad geographic coverage. Straight Path Communications Inc has a market cap of $2.29 billion; its shares were traded at around $180.00 with and P/S ratio of 3529.36.CEO Recent Trades:CEO & PRESIDENT Davidi Jonas sold 30,000 shares of STRP stock on 07/05/2017 at the average price of $179.6. The price of the stock has increased by 0.22% since.CEO & PRESIDENT Davidi Jonas sold 9,395 shares of STRP stock on 06/14/2017 at the average price of $179.94. The price of the stock has increased by 0.03% since.CFO Recent Trades:CFO Jonathan Rand sold 4,134 shares of STRP stock on 06/27/2017 at the average price of $179.86. The price of the stock has increased by 0.08% since.Directors and Officers Recent Trades:GENERAL COUNSEL David L Breau sold 575 shares of STRP stock on 06/22/2017 at the average price of $179.53. The price of the stock has increased by 0.26% since.GENERAL COUNSEL David L Breau sold 1,935 shares of STRP stock on 06/21/2017 at the average price of $179.85. The price of the stock has increased by 0.08% since.Director Fred S Zeidman sold 5,000 shares of STRP stock on 06/19/2017 at the average price of $179.59. The price of the stock has increased by 0.23% since.10% Owner Howard S Jonas sold 84,523 shares of STRP stock on 06/16/2017 at the average price of $179.51. The price of the stock has increased by 0.27% since.10% Owner Howard S Jonas sold 18,217 shares of STRP stock on 06/15/2017 at the average price of $179.76. The price of the stock has increased by 0.13% since.click here

.About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members . 

This article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks
















More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
This Powerful Chart Made Peter Lynch 29% A Year For 13 Years
Market Overvalued, How to Invest?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





STRP








60%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX









































Jonas Davidi Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


















 






Davidi Jonas | Yeshivat Chovevei Torah






















































Today is July 29, 2017 /  / 


Setting the standard in rabbinic education










 



Toggle navigation




Main Menu

About

President’s Welcome
Rosh HaYeshiva’s Welcome
Mission & Major Achievements
Board of Directors
Jewish Leadership Advisory Board
Administration & Staff
Newsroom


Academics

Dean’s Welcome
Faculty
Programs
Curriculum
Academic Calendar


Prospective Students

Admissions Criteria & Dates
Tuition & Fellowships
Culture
Meet Our Students
Post-Graduation Rabbinic Placement
Meorot
Request Information
Plan a Visit
Apply Now


Placement

Meet Our Alumni


Library
Giving

Online Donation Form
Yemei Iyun on Bible and Jewish Thought
Annual Tribute Dinner 2017
Sponsor a Day of Learning
Your Contribution at Work


Contact

Map & Directions
Staff Directory


 







You are here: Home » Placements » Meet Our Alumni » Class of 2010 » Davidi Jonas
Davidi Jonas










Paramus, NJ
Davidi was born and raised in Riverdale, New York. He attended SAR Academy, The Frisch School, and spent a year studying at Yeshivat Reishit in Israel. While studying for the rabbinate at YCT, Davidi also taught Daf Yomi shiurim. His internships have included Chabad of Dobbs Ferry, Kehillat Chovevei Tzion in Scarsdale, and the Hebrew Institute of Riverdale.
 

 







Ready to Get More Involved?



Contact Us
Plan a Visit
Giving




(212) 666-0036 OFFICE@YCTORAH.ORG 








Join Our Mailing List
Click here to sign up to receive updates from YCT straight to your inbox.



   






















 



About - Straight Path Communications Inc































































                       About        




CompanyMissionLeadership Directors
Straight Path Communications Inc.







Straight Path Communications is a forward thinking communications asset company. We specialize in maximizing the value of assets such as millimeter bandwidth licenses for 5G networks (Spectrum) and Intellectual Property (IP).
Our allies in the marketplace manufacture products, build networks, and provide services that rely on our intangible assets. We are a premier choice for  mobile network operators (MNO’s) and  Internet service providers (ISP’s) to increase network capacity for high quality, high speed data transmission. We provide licenses for efficient communications over the Internet to VoIP providers, and products and services that allow for the transmission of data over the Internet. Through our Spectrum  and  IP  portfolios, we provide the critical missing piece for our lessees and licensees to revolutionize communication and data transmission.


















 We believe that intangible assets are a low-risk, high-reward asset class when thoughtfully employed. We avoid heavy capital and operating expenses by entering into partnerships that guard our downside exposure, while maintaining healthy upside potential.


 


 Straight Path has an entrepreneurial flair that is well suited to the monetization of intangibles. We uncover value through creative market strategies and implementation. We are steadfastly committed to efficiency and the eradication of corporate waste.


 

 Straight Path, its executives, directors, and employees operate with the highest levels of personal and professional integrity.












Connecting People with Integrity










What does it mean?
Our business is to connect people, and to do it with integrity.
Straight Path Spectrum is the bridge that links people with their friends and family, with their favorite movies and content. We connect you to your world with a reliable service. That’s integrity that unites.
Straight Path IP Group licenses patents that make communication over the internet seamless and easy. We work with licensees to foster honest recognition of innovation in the market. That’s integrity that inspires.
Straight Path Communications operates with efficiency and responsibility. We work for our shareholders, to maximize value and minimize waste. That’s integrity that pays dividends.































Davidi Jonas
Chief Executive Officer and President
Davidi Jonas has served as Chief Executive Officer of Straight Path Communications since its inception in April, 2013. Previously, Mr. Jonas served in several executive roles within IDT, most recently managing the IDT Spectrum division (as Vice President of Business Development at IDT Corporation (NYSE: IDT)) since August, 2012. He also served as Executive Vice President of IDT’s Innovative Communications Technologies Inc., now Straight Path IP Group, since November 2012.
Mr. Jonas was part of the strategic team to determine that IDT could better realize the true value of its Spectrum and Intellectual Property divisions in an independent entity. Mr. Jonas implemented a strategic plan, directed all aspects of the creation and spin-off of Straight Path Communications, and managed the day-to-day operations of the Spectrum and IP divisions. Prior to that Mr. Jonas worked on business development for Fabrix Systems. Mr. Jonas has served as the Rabbi of Kingsbridge Center of Israel in the Bronx, New York since 2010 and received his rabbinic ordination from Yeshivat Chovevei Torah Rabbinical School. 
		



















Jonathan Rand
Chief Financial Officer
Jonathan Rand has served as Chief Financial Officer of SPCI since June 2013, and as the Chief Operating Officer of our spectrum subsidiary, Straight Path Spectrum, Inc., since January 2015. Mr. Rand joined SPCI from Organic Motion, an innovative computer vision company where he served as President and Chief Operating Officer. Together with Organic Motion’s CEO, Mr. Rand was named Innovator of the Year by Popular Mechanics in 2008. In 2002, Mr. Rand co-founded Indigo Capital Advisers, a management consulting firm that provides sales and financing strategies and execution to software, Internet and telecommunications companies.
From 1998 to 2001, Mr. Rand held key positions at Net2Phone, a spin-off from IDT Corporation, including EVP Sales, Treasurer and CEO of Net2Phone’s Y@P division. Mr. Rand was IDT’s EVP Sales & Finance and Treasurer from 1992 to 1998. Prior to joining IDT, Mr. Rand founded and later sold Campus Connection, a national magazine which achieved a circulation of 1.2 million. He started his career as a brand assistant at Procter & Gamble. Mr. Rand earned his B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.




















Zhouyue “Jerry” Pi
Chief Technical Officer
Jerry Pi has served as Straight Path’s Chief Technology Officer since September 2014. He leads the spectrum regulation, research, and product development activities in millimeter-wave 5G, Gigabit broadband, and backhaul solutions. Prior to joining Straight Path, Mr. Pi was a Senior Director at Samsung Research America in Dallas, Texas, where he led system research, standardization, and prototyping activities in 4G and 5G. Mr. Pi pioneered the development of millimeter-wave 5G. He co-authored the world’s first invention and first journal article on Millimeter-wave Mobile Broadband. He also led the development of the world’s first 5G baseband and RF system prototype that successfully demonstrated the feasibility of 5G mobile communication at 28 GHz.
Before joining Samsung in 2006, Mr. Pi was with Nokia Research Center in Dallas and San Diego, where he was a leading contributor to Nokia’s 3G wireless standardization and modem development efforts. He has authored more than 30 technical journal and conference papers and is the inventor or co-inventor of more than 100 patents. Mr. Pi holds a B.E. degree from Tsinghua University (with honor), a M.S. degree from the Ohio State University, and an MBA degree from Cornell University (with distinction). He is a Fellow of IEEE.




















Dave Breau
General Counsel
Dave Breau has served as General Counsel of SPCI since February 2016. Before joining SPCI, Mr. Breau practiced law for more than eight years at two highly regarded law firms in New York City, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP and Sidley Austin LLP. Mr. Breau’s legal practice at both firms included the defense of securities class action litigations as well as internal and regulatory investigations involving various federal and state agencies. From 2006 to 2007, Mr. Breau was a law clerk to Judge Stanley Marcus on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. Mr. Breau earned his J.D. cum laude from Duke University School of Law, and has a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Johns Hopkins University. Before attending law school, Mr. Breau served in the infantry of the Israel Defense Forces.
























K. Chris Todd
K. Chris Todd has been a partner at the law firm of Kellog, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel, P.L.L.C. since 1994. Prior to that, Mr. Todd was head of the Litigation Group at Johnson & Gibbs. Mr. Todd’s extensive career in government includes service as a Law Clerk to a federal judge, as Associate Counsel in the Office of Independent Counsel under Lawrence Walsh during the Iran/Contra Matter, and as Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Criminal Division in the United States Attorney’s Office, Southern District of New York where Mr. Todd conducted the prosecution of numerous violations of federal law, including multi-defendant business fraud and tax evasion cases.
Prior to serving in the Southern District, Mr. Todd also served as a Trial Attorney for the Department of Justice’s Tax Division, Criminal Section, where Mr. Todd conducted numerous jury trials and grand jury investigations involving tax evasion. He has a Bachelor of Arts from Texas Tech University and a J.D. from the University of Texas School of Law.




















William F. Weld
William F. Weld has been a partner at the law firm of Mintz, Levin, Cohn, Ferris, Glovsky and Popeo, P.C. (Mintz Levin) and a principal of ML Strategies, LLC, a consulting affiliate of Mintz Levin, since 2012. Mr. Weld has served as a director of Just Energy (TSX and NYSE: JE) since 2012. Mr. Weld was a partner at McDermott Will & Emery LLP from 2006 to 2012. In addition, Mr. Weld served two terms as Governor of Massachusetts, being elected in 1990 and re-elected in 1994 and had previously served as Assistant US Attorney General in charge of the Criminal Division of the Justice Department in Washington D.C. Mr. Weld received a Bachelor of Arts from Harvard College and a JD from Harvard Law School.




















Fred S. Zeidman
Fred S. Zeidman has served as Chairman of the Board of Petroflow Energy Corporation since September 2011 and as Chairman of the Board of Petro River Oil Corporation since 2011. Mr. Zeidman has also served as a director of Hyperdynamics Corporation since 2009 and as a director of Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. since 1986. He currently also serves as trustee for the AmeriSoft Liquidating Trust.
Mr. Zeidman has served as CEO, Interim CEO and Chairman of the Board of a variety of companies, including several in the oil and gas sector. Mr. Zeidman is the Chairman Emeritus of the United States Holocaust Memorial Council. He was appointed to that position by President George W. Bush in March 2002 and served from 2002-2010. He is also Chairman Emeritus of the University of Texas Health Science System Houston and is on the Board of Trustees of the Texas Heart Institute (where he currently serves as Interim Chief Financial Officer) and the Institute for Rehabilitation and Research (TIRR).
He currently serves on the Board of Directors and Executive Committee of the University of Saint Thomas and chairs its Development Committee and Houston Community College. Mr. Zeidman received his Bachelor of Science and Bachelor of Arts from Washington University and a Masters of Business Administration from New York University.





























 
 














