


Obituary: Todd J. 'TJ' Jones, 42, Norton Fire Lieutenant - Norton, MA Patch




















































































Toggle navigation







 
|
 Find Your Patch 

Norton
Norton


        Saturday, July 29th, 2017      





|

| 

Post 








 65°
Overcast


 































5,000+ Evacuated In Major Gas Leak: Patch PM
Norton Foodie Jobs
$500K Norton Home Hits The Market
7 Steps for Stress-Free Business Travel
200 Pounds Of Fish Spill Onto Rt. 24
The Importance of Excellent Photography On Your...
Norton Events This Week
Norton Weekend Events
 











 Select to search all Patches










































 65°
Overcast


 

















Obituaries 
    Obituary: Todd J. "TJ" Jones, 42, Norton Fire Lieutenant  

      Lt. Jones began his career as a firefighter and paramedic for the Norton Fire Department in 1997; and was promoted to  Lieutenant in July.    





 








              By Linda Bock
                (Patch Staff) - 




 Updated August 4, 2015  7:01 am ET










 












 

 





Obituary from Norton Memorial Funeral Home.Lieutenant Todd J. “TJ” Jones, NFD, 42, of North Attleboro, formerly of Norton passed away unexpectedly on Wednesday, July 29, 2015 at Beth Israel Deaconess Hospital in Plymouth after being stricken ill while camping in Middleboro. He was the beloved fiancé of Joanne M. McIntyre with whom he made his home.Born in Attleboro, MA on January 26, 1973, he was a loving son of Jeffrey L. Jones of North Attleboro and Bonnie J. (MacDonald) Studley of Norton.Todd grew up in Norton and was a 1991 graduate of Norton High School. He served in the United States Navy as an Aviation Electrician during the Gulf War. He also served as a member of the Army National Guard and most recently as a Loadmaster for C-5 Galaxy in the U.S. Air Force Reserves.In 1997, Todd began his career as a Firefighter and Paramedic for the Norton Fire Department and was most recently promoted to the rank of Fire Lieutenant on July 1, 2015. He also served as an Instructor at the Massachusetts Firefighting Academy in Stowe and as a Squad Leader for the Bristol County Tech Rescue Team.As a youngster, Todd was involved with the Boy Scouts and earned the distinction of becoming an Eagle Scout. He was a member of the Fire & Iron Motorcycle Club, the Norton VFW, the Wrentham Sportsman Club, and was a former member of the Ezekiel Bates Masonic Lodge in Attleboro.Todd enjoyed camping with family and friends, playing golf with his father and friends alike and target shooting. He especially loved spending time with his fiancé Joanne and their dog “Nala”.Todd will always be remembered for his infectious smile and willingness to help and advise junior firefighters working their way up the ladder.In addition to his beloved fiancé and loving parents, he is survived by his devoted daughter Kiara L. Jones of Norton. He was the dear brother of Hollie J. Zumalt of Norton and Brett S. Jones of Uxbridge. He was the hero of his adoring nephew Cody S. Jones of Uxbridge and is also survived by his uncle Douglas Jones of Florida, his fiancés daughter Meghan M. Bratton, and his many friends and brother firefighters.Relatives and friends are cordially invited to attend funeral services with firefighters honors on Wednesday, August 5th at 10:00 A.M. in the Second Congregational Church, 50 Park St., Attleboro. Burial with military honors will follow at the Massachusetts National Cemetery in Bourne at 12:30 P.M.Visiting hours with firefighters honors will be held on Tuesday, August 4th from 5:00-8:00 P.M. at the Norton Memorial Funeral Home, 19 Clapp St. (Off Route 140, Taunton Ave.) Norton.Due to the limitation of flowers allowed at the National Cemetery and in respect of Todd’s love for firefighting, donations in his memory may be made to the Bristol County Technical Rescue Team and sent to the attention of Captain Shawn Simmons at the Norton Fire Department, 70 East Main St., Norton, MA 02766,To send Lieutenant Jones’ family a message of condolence, please visit www.nortonmemorial.comGet free real-time news alerts from the Norton Patch.


By clicking "Subscribe", you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
 Daily Newsletter - The latest Norton news delivered to your inbox every morning 


 Breaking News Alerts - Real-time updates on breaking stories in Norton 



Thanks for your feedback! Now share it with your friends!ShareShareShareShareThanks for your feedback.









ShareTweetGoogle PlusRedditEmailComments0



              Originally published August 4, 2015.                         



More from Norton Patch






		5,000+ Forced Out In Major Gas Leak: Patch PM	










		Flash Drives: The Fun, Functional & Fantastic	



 






















 



Show Comments

Patch Community Guidelines
Patch welcomes contributions and comments from our users. We strive for civil, enlightened discussions on Patch stories and local issues. Please abide by our posting standards:

Be civil
No profanity
No personal attacks or insults
Stay on topic

Users who violate our posting rules will have their comments blocked or deleted. Users who flagrantly violate our standards can be banned at the moderator's discretion.







 













        X
      

Get real-time alerts from the Norton Patch 




By clicking "Subscribe", you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
 Daily Newsletter - The latest Norton news delivered to your inbox every morning 


 Breaking News Alerts - Real-time updates on breaking stories in Norton 



 



 














Popular VideoHappy National Milk Chocolate Day! 





Trending Now Across
      Patch







President Trump Boots His Chief Of Staff






Summer Nor'easter: Storm To Pound East Coast 






Secret To Living To 100, According To 3 Who Did It






Baby’s Hot Trailer Death Leads To Dad’s Arrest






Movies This Weekend: 'Atomic Blonde,' 'Detroit'



























    Featured Events in Norton This Week
      



 

Jul 31 

Learn To Code Online this Summer and Open a Gateway to Your Future! Grades 6 - 8 

Go to the Norton calendar >














More Norton, MA News 






 


Norton Foodie Jobs: Cook, Bartender, Restaurant Manager Openings











 


$500K Norton Home Hits The Market











 


7 Steps for Stress-Free Business Travel








 








 











 















Copyright
© 2017 Patch Media. All Rights Reserved.
















 






































Todd Jones, Intellectual Property, Litigation Attorney


















Why Taylor English

Our Strategic Difference

Fast Facts

Honors & Awards

Diversity

Community Commitment



People

Services



Aviation
Construction
Corporate and Business
Creditors' Rights and Bankruptcy
Data Security and Privacy
Employee Benefits and Executive Compensation
Employment and Labor Relations
Entertainment, Sports and Media
Environmental and Energy
Financial Institutions
Government and Internal Investigations
Health Care
Higher Education
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Leisure and Hospitality
Lending and Corporate Finance
Litigation and Dispute Resolution
Manufacturing
Non-Profit
Public Interest and Advocacy
Real Estate
Restaurant, Food and Beverage, and Licensing
Retail
Staffing
Tax
Technology
Telecommunications
Youth-Serving Organizations





Client Successes

Experience



News

Headlines

News Releases

Events

Speaking Engagements

Community Involvement

Alerts

Publications

Blogs

Subscribe

Videos

Media Contact



Careers

An Excellent Work Environment

Diversity

Experienced Attorneys

Staff Opportunities



Contact


















<
>




Todd
E.
Jones

Partnertjones@taylorenglish.com678.336.7159







Profile
Taylor English offers a true value proposition for my clients, which enables me to stay involved in every aspect of their matters and “get my hands dirty” with the day-to-day activities that maximize my knowledge of their cases and my effectiveness as an advocate.Todd Jones chairs Taylor English’s Litigation and Dispute Resolution practice group and focuses his practice on intellectual property and other commercial disputes. Mr. Jones has handled to successful resolution cases across the country involving patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, restrictive covenants, false advertising, computer software, and e-commerce issues, as well as all manner of contract disputes. His representations have run the gamut of industry types, from airlines, technology companies, laboratories and manufacturers to retailers, educational companies and accounting firms. He also has represented all product types, from water and energy meters, medical devices, carpets, and package assemblies to beauty products, digital signage, heavy equipment and three-dimensional technology. Mr. Jones has experience with class actions, shareholder and partnership disputes, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act claims, real estate disputes, defamation claims and various forms of alternative dispute resolution. He was a critical part of a team that serviced a Fortune 100 company in its groundbreaking National Discovery Counsel program. In addition, he has drafted and advised clients on restrictive covenants, technology/intellectual property license agreements and other contracts. Prior to joining Taylor English, from 1984-2006, Mr. Jones practiced law at Powell Goldstein LLP (now Bryan Cave), one of Atlanta’s oldest and largest law firms, where he was a partner. He is married and has three children. In his spare time, he enjoys coaching sports, writing and playing an occasional round of high-handicap golf.
MembershipsState Bar of Georgia, Intellectual Property Law Section, 1994-present State Bar of Georgia, Intellectual Property Law Section, Litigation Committee, 2014-present Atlanta Bar Association, 1994-present Rotary Club of Atlanta West End, 1996-present; President, 2002-2003
Community InvolvementHoly Spirit Church, Member


Practice Highlights

Experience


Successful defense of Comverge, Inc. in patent infringement action relating to energy usage managementAt the client’s request, we took over the defense of a large and hotly-contested patent infringement case brought by Nxegen LLC and Nxegen Holdings Inc. The patents involved systems and methods for remotely monitoring and adjusting energy usage. Facing a tight discovery schedule, we managed to produce, review and analyze a voluminous number of documents, take and defend approximately 30 depositions in a one-month period, amend the complaint to allege ... 
Dismissals of copyright claims and separate state action for international airline client sued over use of architectural plansRepresented major airline in claims brought by former vendor alleging misuse of architectural plans for office space. Won motion to dismiss state-court conversion claims, and in subsequent federal copyright-infringement case based on same underlying facts, conducted discovery and negotiated settlement in which plaintiff dismissed the case with prejudice and with no payments from our client.
Jury trial victory for plaintiff in 3-D imaging technology caseAfter two-week jury trial in federal court in Atlanta, won a multi million-dollar verdict, including attorneys’ fees, on behalf of plaintiff (a company involved in 3-D imaging technology) for its failed acquisition by defendant. ND3D, B.V. v. Image Technology International, Inc.
Represented American Express in major copyright infringement actionPrevailed on summary judgment (affirmed on appeal by the Eleventh Circuit) on behalf of American Express in major copyright infringement action involving maps of Atlanta in a dining guide. Crownfire Publications v. American Express.
Successful defense in major arbitration involving alleged breach of asset purchase agreementLed team defending EMS in arbitration in which claimant sought in excess of $40 million for alleged breach of representations and warranties in connection with its acquisition of a division of EMS. After a two-week hearing, the Arbitrator found for EMS on one of the products in issue and awarded only a fraction of the damages alleged by claimant on the other two products.
Successful defense of patent case involving claimed method to detect autismLed defense of patent infringement case involving claimed method to detect autism by analyzing bodily fluids. After we filed two motions for summary judgment, the parties reached a confidential settlement. Great Plains Laboratory, Inc. v. Metametrix Clinical Laboratory
Achieved summary judgment for defendant in copyright case involving speech therapy cardsDefended educational products company in lawsuit alleging infringement of copyrights in cards for assistance with speech therapy. The court granted our motion for summary judgment, finding that there was no infringement of any copyright in the selection and arrangement of Plaintiff’s cards as a matter of law. Ristuccia v. Super Duper, Inc.
Achieved dismissal of patent claim and successful resolution of remaining claims in case involving SEC compliance informationLed defense of case involving allegations of patent infringement and related claims based on a method of mapping SEC compliance information into a usable format. We obtained a dismissal of the patent infringement claim and then reached a confidential settlement on the related claims. NewRiver, Inc. v. Prospectus Central, LLC.
Jury trial victory for licensor of Cabbage Patch KidsServed on defense team for licensor of the Cabbage Patch Kids, in lawsuit brought by former independent contractor for breach of contract, who sought millions of dollars in damages. After a two-week jury trial and subsequent appeal to the Eleventh Circuit, prevailed on all claims brought by plaintiff as well as on a counterclaim, resulting in damages owed and paid to our client.
Defense of trade secret misappropriation claim against leading carpet manufacturerRepresented leading carpet manufacturer and a subsidiary in defending a large trade secret case involving a method for manufacturing carpet cores from recycled materials. The parties reached a confidential settlement right before trial.
Defeated Preliminary Injunction to Keep BattleFrog from Airing Obstacle-Course Race on ESPN.Taylor English handled the successful defense of a motion for a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction brought against our client, BattleFrog, LLC, a company that organizes and stages obstacle-course races that are televised on ESPN. The stakes in this case are very high, as plaintiff Modtruss, Inc., sought to prevent the airing of a recent BattleFrog race on ESPN and to enjoin our client from putting on additional races based on claims of alleged ... 
Defense of international consumer product manufacturer in suit alleging patent and trade dress infringementLed defense of Georgia-based company in patent and trade dress litigation involving a consumer product. After initial aggressive discovery and a mediation, we achieved a favorable settlement for the client.
Patent infringement defense for boat dock ladder manufacturers and distributorsLed the defense against an inventor/patentee in a case involving claims of infringement of a patent related to a boat dock ladder. Successfully petitioned the USPTO to reexamine the asserted patents—resulting in cancellation of all claims of one patent and significant narrowing amendments to the remaining patent’s claims. After a favorable claim construction ruling from the Special Master, the case was dismissed with prejudice, with no payments from the ... 
Defense of patent infringement claims asserted by patent troll ICH Intellectual Capital Holdings, IncLed defense of Mueller Water Products, Inc. in a case brought by a non-practicing entity, ICH Intellectual Capital Holdings, Inc., for infringement of patents related to automated meter reading technology. The client reached a favorable confidential settlement with the plaintiff and the case has been dismissed. ICH Intellectual Capital Holdings, Inc. v. Badger Meter, Inc., et. al.
Brought patent infringement action against Datamatic Ltd. for Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) systemsRepresented Mueller Water Products, Inc. in action against Datamatic Ltd. alleging patent infringement of Mueller’s patents for technology relating to Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI) systems. Negotiated a favorable settlement with defendant. Mueller International, LLC et al v. Datamatic Ltd.
Represented Mueller Water Products in declaratory judgment actions involving patents and alleged trade secretsRepresented Mueller Water Products, Inc. in suits for declaratory judgments of non-infringement, invalidity and unenforceability of patent held by defendant, non-misappropriation of the defendants’ alleged trade secrets, and validity, inventorship, and ownership of client’s patent. Mueller Systems, LLC et al v. Teti et al.
Multiple outdoor advertising companies defense against patent trollRepresented several outdoor advertising companies in actions brought by a patent troll, T-Rex Property AB, for infringement of patents related to digital advertising technology.  The parties reached a confidential settlement.
Representing Mueller Water Products in declaratory judgment action involving competitor's patentsCurrently representing Mueller Water Products, Inc. in a suit for declaratory judgments of non-infringement and invalidity of competitor’s patents relating to pipe couplings. Successfully deferred litigation after filing reexamination requests, which were granted by the USPTO. Mueller Water Products, Inc. et al v. Victaulic Company.
Successful defense of various distributors in patent infringement actions relating to pipe couplingsSuccessfully transferred, deferred, or achieved dismissal of numerous patent infringement suits brought against a client’s distributors in favor of declaratory judgment suit filed by the client, the product manufacturer.
Achieved consent injunction mandating Defendant’s business closure in unfair competition caseThe Massachusetts case, brought on behalf of Mueller Co., alleged that a competing fire hydrant distributor was making false claims about the characteristics and origin of Mueller’s fire hydrants and falsely claiming its hydrants were comparable to Mueller’s hydrants.
Achieved settlements in trade dress/design patent cases involving wine glass packagingResolved several cases in which client, a national gift and home goods manufacturer, asserted trade dress and design patent infringement claims against competitors. The cases involved the popular cylindrical packaging for wine glasses.
Favorable settlement reached in copyright and defamation case involving interior design photographsIn a case involving allegations of copyright infringement of interior design portfolio photographs and related defamation claims, we achieved a settlement for our client, Meg Adams Interior Design, Inc.
Successful settlement of copyright lawsuit involving the reproduction of client’s poemAchieved successful resolution of lawsuit involving copying of clients' "ABC’s of Life" poem, which was reproduced without permission on posters and plaques.
Successfully represented publishing company in contractual disputeAchieved prompt and full dismissal of all claims against publishing company relating to a contractual dispute with advertiser. Following the filing of our motion to dismiss, the plaintiff dismissed the action in the Northern District of Georgia.
Successful defense of copyright and trade secret claims against client accused of improperly accessing software in check processing equipmentRepresented Symco Group, Inc., a company that serviced check processing equipment, in a copyright infringement and trade secret action in the Northern District of California. The plaintiff alleged that Symco, as part of its regular servicing process, was improperly accessing the plaintiff’s software and therefore violating its copyrights in the software source code that was embedded in the check processing equipment. Following the court’s dismissal of ... 
Successful resolution of copyright infringement case involving medical billing softwareAchieved favorable settlement for client defending claims of copyright infringement for medical billing software.
Achieved favorable outcome for medical device company defending patent infringement and false marking claimsRepresented Byrne Medical in patent infringement and false marking case relating to endoscopic devices. Negotiated favorable confidential settlement.
Brought patent infringement action against Singer Valve entities for water distribution systemRepresented Mueller Water Products, Inc. in action against Singer Valve, Inc. and Singer Valve, LLC alleging patent infringement of Mueller’s patent for an apparatus for the enhancement of water quality in a subterranean pressurized water distribution system. Negotiated a favorable settlement with defendants. Mueller Water Products, Inc. v. Singer Valve, Inc. and Singer Valve, LLC.
Defense of Comverge, Inc. in case involving premises-monitoring patentHandling the defense of a case for Comverge, Inc. in which the plaintiff, a non-practicing entity, has claimed that Comverge has infringed certain claims of a patent related to premises-monitoring technology. The case is presently in its early stages. Joao Control & Monitoring Systems v. Comverge, Inc.
Defense of patent infringement claims asserted by patent troll Endeavor MeshTechLed defense of Mueller Water Products, Inc. in a case brought by a non-practicing entity, Endeavor MeshTech, for infringement of a patent related to premises-monitoring technology. The client reached a favorable confidential settlement with the plaintiff and the case has been dismissed. Endeavor MeshTech, LLC v. Mueller Water Products.
Defense of patent infringement claim involving excavator teeth and related trademark claimsLed the defense of H-E Parts against ESCO Corporation in a case involving allegations of trademark infringement and infringement of a patent related to excavator teeth on heavy equipment. We negotiated a favorable settlement with plaintiff. Esco Corporation v. H-E Parts et al.
Defense of patent infringement claim involving industrial package assemblies Led the defense of Royal Metal against an inventor/patentee in a case involving claims of infringement of a patent related to industrial package assemblies. We negotiated a favorable settlement with plaintiff. Gray v. Royal Metal et al.
Defense of patent infringement claims involving medical device technologyHandled two cases for separate defendants, Ascendx Spine and Sintea Plustek, LLC, in the District of Delaware. Both cases were brought by Orthophoenix, LLC, a non-practicing entity, and involved claims of infringement of certain patents involving medical device technology. The parties in both cases reached confidential settlements. Orthophoenix, LLC v. Ascendx Spine; Orthophoenix, LLC v. Sintea Plustek.
Defense of patent infringement claim involving digital signageHandled the defense of Allure Global in a case brought by a non-practicing entity, Activelight, Inc., involving allegations of infringement of patents related to digital signage. The parties reached a confidential settlement. Activelight, Inc. v. Allure Global, et al.
Defense of third-party claims in patent infringement caseLed defense of third-party claims for defense and indemnification in patent infringement case involving technology designed to obscure credit card numbers on receipts. The parties reached a confidential settlement. Ware v. Genesco v. Micros Systems, Inc. and Datavantage Corporation.
Successful defense of patent infringement lawsuit over client’s manufacture of crackle nail polishHandled the defense of Expression Beauty Works in a case involving claims of infringement of a patent related to crackle nail polish. Negotiated a favorable settlement with plaintiff. Kirker Enterprises v. Expression Beauty Works.
Successful resolution of trade secret and breach of loyalty caseLed defense of claims of misappropriation of trade secrets and breach of loyalty in connection with departure of group of employees and establishment of competitive business. The parties reached a confidential settlement. Wells Fargo Foothill, Inc. v. Cratos Capital Partners, LLC.
HD Supply dismissal of software license agreement breach claimsRepresented HD Supply in defending claims of breach of licensing agreement with software provider. Obtained quick dismissal of the case with prejudice. Appsense, Ltd. v. HD Supply Construction Supply, Ltd.
Patent and trade dress litigation defense involving drop prevention productsLed defense of New Hampshire-based company in patent and trade dress litigation involving drop prevention products. Assisted prosecution counsel with successful petition for Inter Partes Review at USPTO and successfully deferred related litigation, resulting in a favorable settlement for the client.
Successful defense of yarn importer in business tort actionRepresented defendants in a large case involving claims for tortious interference, breach of restrictive covenants, and unjust enrichment in connection with the importation and sale of industrial yarn. After extensive discovery and our filing of a lengthy motion for summary judgment, the parties reached a confidential settlement.
Dismissal of accounting malpractice claimRepresented defendant accounting firm on claim of accounting malpractice. Obtained dismissal of case before discovery, and case was never re-filed.
HD Supply defense of claims alleging breach of leaseRepresented HD Supply in defending claims of breach of lease and in asserting counterclaims for money had and received and related claims. The parties reached a confidential settlement.





Newsroom

Speaking Engagements


Moderator, "Intellectual Property Issues: The Experts' View," The Changing Standards of Litigation ManagementOctober 30, 2013
Moderator, "Maximizing ROI for In-house Litigation Counsel," Atlanta, Ga.October 10, 2012
"Proving and Attacking Attorney Fee Claims," Contract LitigationAugust 22, 2008
"What Every Employment Lawyer Should Know About Intellectual Property Law," IP, Technology & Trade Secrets in Employment LawJuly 18, 2005




Publications

"Proving and Attacking Attorney Fee Claims," Contract Litigation, Institute of Continuing Legal Education in Georgia, Chapter 2: pp. 1-33, August 22, 2008
"What Every Employment Lawyer Should Know About Intellectual Property Law," IP, Technology & Trade Secrets in Employment Law, Law Seminars International, Chapter 2, July 18, 2005
With Jason A. Bernstein, Scott W. Creasman, John W. Harbin, Hilary Harp, Ryan T. Pumpian, Charles L. Warner, James Remenick and Olivia Luk. "Congressmen Introduce Sweeping Patent Reform Bill," Powell Goldstein LLP, June 23, 2005




Headlines


"22 Taylor English Attorneys Named Among Georgia Trend's 2016 Legal Elite," PatchDecember 16, 2016
"22 Taylor English Attorneys Named Among Georgia Trend's 2016 Legal Elite," Atlanta CitybizlistDecember 16, 2016
"17 Taylor English Attorneys Achieve Top Recognition in 2016 Super Lawyers Business Edition," Atlanta CitybizlistDecember 16, 2016
"17 Taylor English Attorneys Achieve Top Recognition in 2016 Super Lawyers Business Edition," PatchDecember 16, 2016
With Robert Barker. "Supreme Court Reverses Criminal Conviction Of Arthur Andersen for Destroying Documents in Enron Case," Powell Goldstein LLPJune 7, 2005



News Releases


29 Taylor English Attorneys Named Among Georgia Super Lawyers for 2017February 23, 2017
17 Taylor English Attorneys Achieve Top Recognition in 2016 Super Lawyers Business EditionDecember 15, 2016
22 Taylor English Attorneys Named Among Georgia Trend's 2016 Legal EliteDecember 13, 2016
26 Taylor English Attorneys Named Among Georgia Super Lawyers for 2016February 19, 2016
24 Taylor English Attorneys Achieve Top Recognition in 2015 Georgia Super LawyersFebruary 20, 2015
13 Attorneys from Taylor English featured in Georgia Trend’s "Legal Elite" RankingsDecember 16, 2010



Events


Managing Legal Risks for Growth Stage CompaniesMay 10, 2016






Services


Litigation and Dispute ResolutionArbitration and MediationBusiness Torts and Commercial Contract DisputesIntellectual PropertyIntellectual PropertyAdvertisingCopyrightsLitigationPatentsTrade SecretsTrademarks/Trade DressTechnologyManufacturingIntellectual PropertyEntertainment, Sports and MediaRetailIntellectual PropertyLitigation

EducationYale University Law School, JD, 1984 Vanderbilt University, BA, summa cum laude, 1981  Phi Beta Kappa, 1980; Harold Stirling Vanderbilt Academic Scholarship, 1977-1981 
Bar AdmissionsGeorgiaCourts & Adjudicative BodiesU.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Georgia U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals for the 11th CircuitAccoladesGeorgia Super Lawyers, 2015-2017 Martindale-Hubbell AV® Preeminent™ Peer Review Rated 2013 Top Rated Lawyer in Intellectual Property published by Corporate Counsel and The American Lawyer Georgia Trend Legal Elite, 2010, General Practice, 2016, Trial Law, 2016





Home

Disclaimer
Site Map
© 2017 Taylor English Duma LLP
Site by Firmseek












Todd J Jones Profiles | Facebook

FacebookEmail or PhonePasswordForgot account?English (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






















I'm Outta Here! by Drew Jones (eBook) - Lulu




















































































                                        All
                                    

                                        Bookstore
                                    

                                        Knowledge Base
                                    

















Shop






                    I'm Outta Here!
                


By Drew Jones,                                                         Todd Sundsted,                                                         Tony Bacigalupo 





                                                                                                                                                                                eBook (PDF), 150 Pages
                    









                                    This item has not been rated yet                            





Preview





Price:

                                                    $10.00
                                                                            




"I'm Outta Here! How coworking is making the office obsolete" is a book about the people and places that make up a workplace revolution.

From a single space in San Francisco at the beginning of 2006, coworking has grown to over 70 spaces worldwide at the end of 2008, with more appearing almost daily.

Read the book and you'll see why so many talented workers have turned their backs to the office and said, "I'm outta here!"

This book is also available in Paperback: http://www.lulu.com/content/e-book/im_outta_here/6113756






                        Available in PDF Format                    


                            How can I use this format?                        




Add to Cart










Embed










Ratings & Reviews |
                    Product Details
                        |
                    
                        Ebook Formats                    








Ratings & Reviews
Log in to review this item



Lulu Sales Rank:  51380 


Log in to rate this item











You must be logged in to post a review.
                Please log in


There are no reviews for the current version of this product

Refreshing...





> Find Reviews for Previous Versions



There are no reviews for previous versions of this product


Refreshing...



To report this review as inappropriate, please complete this short form.



Email Address *




First Name



Last Name



Additional Comments




Report





Product Details

Copyright
Standard Copyright License
Publisher
Not an MBA Press
Published
    February 27, 2009

Language
English
Pages
150
File Format
PDF
File Size
64.64 MB


Formats for this Ebook





                        PDF
                    





                        Required Software                    
Any PDF Reader, Apple Preview



                        Supported Devices                    
Windows PC/PocketPC, Mac OS, Linux OS, Apple iPhone/iPod Touch... (See More)



                        # of Devices                    

                                                                        Unlimited                    



                        Flowing Text / Pages                    
Pages



                        Printable?                    

                                                    Yes                                            









Buy in this Format






                            Learn more about ebook formats and e-readers                        




Report This Content to Lulu >











Moderation of Questionable Content
Thank you for your interest in helping us moderate questionable content on Lulu. If you need assistance with an order or the publishing process, please contact our support team directly.
How does this content violate the Lulu Membership Agreement?


Selection
Privacy Violation and/or Defamation
Infringes my Trademark
Infringes my Copyright
Not Fit for General Access
Infringes a Well-Known Work
Violates the Membership Agreement in another way




Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice Form
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") is a United States copyright law that provides guidelines for online service providers in case of copyright infringement. Below is the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to us as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify. The form of notice specified below is consistent with the DMCA, which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office website, http://www.copyright.gov.
To file a notice of infringement with us, you must provide us with the items specified below. Please note that you will be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) if you materially misrepresent that the material is infringing your copyright. Accordingly, if you are not sure whether material infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.
This notice and any attachments we receive will be forwarded to the alleged infringer, who will then have the opportunity to file a counter notification pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. Should a properly filed counter notification be filed, you will be notified and have 10 business days within which to file for a restraining order in Federal Court to prevent the reinstatement of the material.
* Denotes a required field. All required fields must be filled out for us to be able to process your form.



From our Membership Agreement
"Lulu is a place where people of all ages, backgrounds, experience, and professions can publish, sell, or buy creative content such as novels, memoirs, poetry, cookbooks, technical manuals, articles, photography books, children's books, calendars, and a host of other content that defies easy categorization. We help people distribute information and art spanning a wide range of subject matter while providing a safe, friendly, respectful, and serious site for all content creators. Since our community serves a broad range of ages, we do not encourage content that could make a majority of our users uncomfortable."
If you are sure that this product is in violation of acceptable content as defined in the agreement or that it does not meet our guidelines for General Access, please fill out the form below. It will then be reviewed by Lulu Staff to determine the next course of action.



First Name *

First Name is required.


Last Name *

Last Name is required.


Title



Organization



Address 

Address is required.


Country *

Country is required.


Email Address *

Email Address is required.
Email Address is invalid.


Phone Number 



Description *

Description is required.


Your Copyrighted Work *
Identify in sufficient detail the copyrighted work that you believe has been infringed upon (for example, "The copyrighted work at issue is the image that appears on http://www.lulu.com/####") or other information sufficient to specify the copyrighted work being infringed.

required field


Location of Infringing Material
Identify each web page that allegedly contains infringing material. This requires you to provide the URL for each allegedly infringing result, document or item.
http://www.lulu.com/shop/drew-jones-and-todd-sundsted-and-tony-bacigalupo/im-outta-here/ebook/product-4465097.html


Sworn Statements
I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.

Please check to confirm *
required field


I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Please check to confirm                                *
required field


Signature
Date (MM/DD/YYYY) *

Date (MM/DD/YYYY) is required.


Signature *

Signature is required.
(Your digital signature is as legally binding as a physical signature. If you use a digital signature, your signature must exactly match the First and Last names that you specified earlier in this form)

This form does not constitute legal advice and nothing that you read or are provided on this web site should be used as a substitute for the advice of competent legal counsel.



I wish to be contacted with the results of the investigation.


* required field


Submit






Lulu abides by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), which governs how we are to treat claims of copyright infringement. If someone believes in good faith that a Lulu Account Holder has infringed their copyright, they can request that we take down the infringing material by filing a DMCA Notice. To file a DMCA Notice with Lulu, click on the button "Continue".
We reserve the right to ignore a Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. When a clear and valid Notice is received pursuant to the guidelines, we will respond by either taking down the allegedly infringing content or blocking access to it, and we may also contact you for more information.
If you are not the copyright holder or its agent and if the content is clearly infringing the copyright of a well-known work, please select "Infringes a well-known work" from the dropdown menu.


Continue





Your notification has been sent
Lulu Staff has been notified of a possible violation of the terms of our Membership Agreement. Our agents will determine if the content reported is inappropriate or not based on the guidelines provided and will then take action where needed.
Thank you for notifying us. We will email you with the results and/or actions taken as a result of the investigation if you chose to receive confirmation.


OK




We were unable to complete your request.
We were unable to complete your request.


OK






Keywords

coworking,                telecommuting,                freelancing,                work,                the office 
Listed In

 Business & Economics


More From     
                                Drew Jones,                                             Todd Sundsted,                                             Tony Bacigalupo                    










                                    The New Business...
                    

By Drew Jones,                                                         Todd Sundsted 

            Paperback:        

$10.00






















Age Verification
The page you are attempting to access contains content that is not intended for underage readers.


Please verify your birth date to continue.



Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December


Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


Year
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
1972
1971
1970
1969
1968
1967
1966
1965
1964
1963
1962
1961
1960
1959
1958
1957
1956
1955
1954
1953
1952
1951
1950
1949
1948
1947
1946
1945
1944
1943
1942
1941
1940
1939
1938
1937
1936
1935
1934
1933
1932
1931
1930
1929
1928
1927
1926
1925
1924
1923
1922
1921
1920
1919
1918


























Welcome to Lulu!
        We notice you are using a browser version that we do not support. For you to have the best experience on Lulu.com, we recommend using the current versions of Firefox, Chrome, Safari, or upgrading to Internet Explorer 9 		(or higher).
        Ok









Todd Jones - Mokri Vanis & Jones, LLP























































 




















 Mokri Vanis & Jones, LLP 
LAW OFFICES


















Todd Jones















ABOUT


Todd Jones handles complex civil and business litigation matters throughout California and Nevada. His practice primarily focuses on disputes involving construction defects, personal injuries, product liability, commercial litigation, premises liability and toxic torts, including pesticide exposures.
 
Todd has been a licensed California General Contractor (CSLB license # 754481) since 1998, and applies his hands-on construction experience to represent his clients in litigation, transactional and preventive matters. For the last eighteen years, Todd has provided invaluable counsel to property owners, developers, general contractors, subcontractors, manufacturers, and in some cases their insurers, throughout California and Nevada. He is outside General Counsel for construction industry giant HD Supply, Inc., in California and Nevada. Todd’s clients also include real estate developers and home builders, as well as large-scale subcontractors and construction product manufacturers. From custom, speculation and tract housing to commercial and industrial projects, Todd uses his construction knowledge to provide clients with a distinct advantage in litigation and transactions
 
Todd also has extensive experience in representing and defending pesticide companies in a wide variety of matters including general liability and casualty, commercial trucking and auto liability and premises liability matters. He has developed a close working relationship with the Pest Control Operators of California (PCOC), has practical working knowledge of the Structural Pest Control Act and acts as outside General Counsel for one of the largest pest control companies in California.
 
In litigation matters, Todd frequently defends property owners and business owners from claims involving personal injuries, premises liability, product liability, and related legal actions. By fostering open communication with clients and aggressively pursuing the early exchange of information at the onset of cases, Todd frequently succeeds in resolving disputes quickly and efficiently, and in some instances before formal litigation is necessary. In cases were litigation is the only reasonable option, Todd is an aggressive and effective litigation tactician with deep trial experience.
 
Todd is also a Court-appointed arbitrator and mediator for the Sacramento County Superior Court and is a member of the Association of Defense Counsel of Northern California and Nevada, where he formerly served on the Board of Directors, and chaired the Construction Law Committee.









EDUCATION


University of the Pacific
McGeorge School of Law, J.D., 1998
San Diego State University, B.A., cum laude, B.S., 1994



ADMISSIONS


State Bar of California
State Bar of Nevada
U.S.District Court, Southern District of California
U.S.District Court, Northern District of California
U.S.District Court, Eastern District of California
U.S.District Court, District of Nevada



PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS


Association of Defense Counsel of Northern California and Nevada



CONTACT


333 University Ave, Suite 200
Sacramento, CA 95825
Phone: (916) 565-7653
Fax: (916) 565-7642
Email: tjones@mvjllp.com





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Todd Henderson























skip navigation





Account & Policy Login


Contact Us


About AXA Advisors









Todd J. Henderson
Financial ConsultantWorthington, MN 



Contact Info


Phone: 507-372-5595
todd.henderson@axa-advisors.com


Local Office | Branch Office




Schedule an Appointment



Account Access

Log in to AXA
Online Access Registration









Home


Client Resources


AXA Discovery Process


Discovery Survey Form


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Helpful Resources




Retirement Planning


Client Profile


Individual


Entity




Periodic Review Survey


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Retirement Scope E-Seminar


Family Love Letter


Customer Service Contacts


Consumer Protection


Beneficiary Resources


Account Resources




About Us


My Mission


Products & Services


Strategies for Individuals


Strategies for Businesses


Financial Success


Extensive Provider Choices


AXA in the U.S.


AXA Advisors and You






Learning Center

Articles
Calculators
Flipbooks
Newsletters
Videos
Tax Library
Life Insurance Resources



Market Watch


Detailed Quote


Markets at a Glance


Charting


Portfolio




Product Profiles


Annuity 


401K Information Request


Disability Insurance  


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Information Request




Contact Us


Have Us Contact You


Email Us


Appointment Sign-up


Office Locations


Local Office Address


AXA Advisors Branch Office Address


Directions to Local Office


Map to Local Office




AXA Product Support









































































Text Size: A A A








Product Profiles

      Now you can request information on a variety of financial topics from the 
      comfort of your own home. Please select a form from the menu below to request 
      additional information on a particular financial subject. Add specific details 
      about your situation and we'll contact you in the next few days.
    

      If you are uncomfortable completing the form, please make sure you have entered 
      your contact information so that we can call you to discuss your particular 
      concerns. If you have other specific questions, please use the "Contact Us" 
      link to drop us a line.
    




Annuity 




401K Information Request




Disability Insurance  




Long-Term Care Insurance  




Life Insurance  




Information Request











Account Access

Log in to AXA
Online Access Registration




Contact Info


Phone: 507-372-5595
todd.henderson@axa-advisors.com


Local Office | Branch Office




Schedule an Appointment





Career Perspectives


								Helping people is what AXA Advisors is all about.  We are a growing network of more than 5,000 financial professionals throughout 
								America who connect consumers and businesses in their communities with 
								investment products
								and other financial products and services to help them address the futures they build for themselves and their families.
							

								Choosing a company to help you as you build your success is a big decision.  With so many financial services and life insurance 
								companies to choose from, you want to make sure youve aligned yourself with an organization that has history of success and one 
								that presents career opportunities that are right for you.  To discover the various opportunities available with AXA Advisors, 
								explore these recruiting pieces:
							

How will you draw your future?
Experienced Hire Program
A World of Opportunity
Build Your Career


Learn more




Connect with AXA
























AXA Group


								AXA Group is #3 in terms of sales according to statistics compiled by Forbes magazine for its Forbes Global 2000 list of the 
								world’s biggest public entities (Diversified Insurance category) for 2016.*  AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company (AXA Equitable) 
								(NY, NY) is a subsidiary of AXA Financial, Inc., a member of the global AXA Group.  AXA Equitable has sole responsibility for its
								life insurance and annuity obligations.  AXA Group refers to AXA S.A., a French holding company for a group of international 
								insurance and financial services companies, together with its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries.
							

AXA Group - Size and Strength You Can Trust


103 million individuals and corporate clients worldwide2
92 billion Euros in Revenue3
Operations in over 64 countries2
More than 160,000 employees and exclusive sales associates around the world2


								*Values calculated in May 2016: Forbes.com Global 2000

								2 As of 12/31/2015, The AXA Group AT A GLANCE 2016.
								
								3 As of 12/31/10 Figure is $121.6 billion using 12/31/10 closing exchange rate of 1 Euro + $1,337. AXA is based in France, where the 
								official currency is the Euro.
							











Market Watch


Last Closing Prices 


Ticker Name
Percent Difference (when noted with %) otherwise Last Price
Difference (where applicable)





Dow Jones Industrials

21,830.31
+0.15



Nasdaq Composite

6,374.68
-0.12



NYSE Composite

11,954.69
-0.07

 


Enter stock ticker symbol:

Get Quote




[
Markets 
  	| 
  	Charts 
  	| 
  	Quotes 
  	| 
  	Portfolio
]


    Market data delayed per exchange rules.
    All quotes are in US Eastern Time (EST).
    © Interactive Data Managed Solutions (NYSE:IDC) All rights reserved.
  









Home


Client Resources


AXA Discovery Process


Discovery Survey Form


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Helpful Resources




Retirement Planning


Client Profile


Individual


Entity




Periodic Review Survey


Risk Tolerance Questionnaire


Retirement Scope E-Seminar


Family Love Letter


Customer Service Contacts


Consumer Protection


Beneficiary Resources


Account Resources




About Us


My Mission


Products & Services


Strategies for Individuals


Strategies for Businesses


Financial Success


Extensive Provider Choices


AXA in the U.S.


AXA Advisors and You






Learning Center

Articles
Calculators
Flipbooks
Newsletters
Videos
Tax Library
Life Insurance Resources



Market Watch


Detailed Quote


Markets at a Glance


Charting


Portfolio




Product Profiles


Annuity 


401K Information Request


Disability Insurance  


Long-Term Care Insurance  


Life Insurance  


Information Request




Contact Us


Have Us Contact You


Email Us


Appointment Sign-up


Office Locations


Local Office Address


AXA Advisors Branch Office Address


Directions to Local Office


Map to Local Office




AXA Product Support









					Securities offered through AXA Advisors, LLC (212-314-4600), member 
					FINRA/SIPC.  
					Investment advisory products and services offered through AXA Advisors, LLC, an investment advisor registered with the SEC. Annuity and insurance 
					products 
					
					offered through AXA Network, LLC and its insurance agency subsidiaries. AXA Network, LLC does business in California as AXA Network Insurance 
					Agency of California, LLC and, in Utah, AXA Network Insurance Agency of Utah, LLC. AXA Advisors and its affiliates do not provide tax or legal 
					advice. Individuals may transact business and/or respond to inquiries only in state(s) in which they are properly registered and/or licensed. The 
					information in this web site is not investment or securities advice and does not constitute an offer.
				
Link to axa.com

			© Emerald Connect, Inc. - All Rights Reserved 

Privacy Policy





Site Map





 








 
























Financial Advisor
























Home Hide Menu





Home
Market News
Working with Edward Jones
Investments & Services
Go to EdwardJones.com
Disclosures
Upcoming Events




Set as My Financial Advisor


Not My Financial Advisor


Secure Login


, you are logged in.

Back to Online Access
Log Out








Show Menu
Open Search


Enter Search Terms

Close Search
Search Site



Edward Jones Market News

 
Navigation for this site





Go to EdwardJones.com
Disclosures


Site Search
Enter Search Terms
Search Site



Set as My Financial Advisor


Not My Financial Advisor


Client Login




, you are logged in.

Back to Online Access
Log Out
















Your Financial Advisor: J Todd Hall, AAMS®
Taylorsville Rd & Yorkshire|2944 Yorkshire Blvd, Louisville, KY 40220



Office Information

Office InformationLocation



J Todd Hall

Taylorsville Rd & Yorkshire|2944 Yorkshire Blvd
Louisville, 
KY 
40220




Mailing Address

, 
                           




Request appointment



Show office staff and address
Expand


Collapse




Contact Me
Contact Methods


Phone:
Ask a Question
Refer a Friend



To refer a friend, Send J Todd Hall's webpage to a friend by:
					
Email program (Microsoft Outlook, Apple Mail, etc.)
Gmail
Yahoo! Mail

Or copy this link: https://





Show additional contact information
Expand


Collapse










How We Work Together

As an Edward Jones financial advisor, I believe it’s important to invest my time to understand what you’re working toward before you invest your money. It's also important to understand the level of risk you're comfortable accepting when investing so we can balance it with the steps necessary to reach your long-term goals.
Whether you're planning for retirement, saving for college for children or grandchildren, or just trying to protect the financial future of the ones you care for the most, we can work together to develop specific strategies to help you achieve your goals. We can also monitor your progress to help make sure you stay on track or determine if any adjustments need to be made. Throughout it all, we're dedicated to providing you top-notch client service.
But we're not alone. Thousands of people and advanced technology support our office so we can help ensure you receive the most current and comprehensive guidance. In addition, we welcome the opportunity to work with your attorney, accountant and other trusted professionals to deliver a comprehensive strategy that leverages everyone's expertise. Working together, we can help you develop a complete, tailored strategy to help you achieve your financial goals.


Work History
Education History



Invested in the Community

Focus Areas

Investors Saving for Retirement
Retirees
College Savers
Individuals with Insurance Needs
Individuals with Estate Needs



Personal Interests


Certifications

AAMS®










Community Involvement


Upcoming Events











Awards & Recognition




J.D. Power and Associates 
Learn more


Ranked No. 5 on FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work For List
Learn more


News Room
Read more





Office Information
How We Work Together
Community Involvement
Awards & Recognition










Market Data

TSX 
DJIA 
NASDAQ 
S&P 500 




Social Media

Facebook
Twitter
Linked In
Youtube




Branch Microsite Footer

My Page

Home
Upcoming Events
Market News
Working with Edward Jones
Account Login
Go to EdwardJones.com



The Value of Edward Jones 
The Edward Jones Advantage
Working with a Personal Financial Advisor
Are We Right for You?
Focus on You
Your First Appointment
Invested in the Community



Investments & Services 
How We Select Investments
Wealth Management
Retirement & College Savings
Stocks, Bonds & Mutual Funds
Cash & Credit
Insurance & Annuities
Business Owners



Preparing For Your Future 
How We Approach Your Needs
Retirement
Paying for Education
Preparing for the Unexpected
Planning Your Estate
Calculators & Checklists
Resources & Financial Education



Market News & Guidance 
Our Research
Investment Policy Committee
Our Investment Philosophy
Daily Market Recap
Weekly Market Update
Quarterly Market Outlook



Client Resources 
Convenient Account Features
Tax Resources
Fraud Awareness
Doing Business with Us







Careers
Feedback
Privacy
Ad Choices
Disclosures

Copyright © 2017 Edward Jones. All rights reserved. Member SIPC.

This site is designed for U.S. residents only. The services offered within this site are available exclusively through our U.S. financial advisors. Edward Jones' U.S. financial advisors may only conduct business with residents of the states for which they are properly registered. Please note that not all of the investments and services mentioned are available in every state.





{"data":[{"firstName":"Christine","jobDesc":"Sr. Branch Office Administrator","lastName":"Taylor"}]}
{"data":{"additionalImages":{},"altText":"Edward Jones Headquarters at Dusk","url":"\/images\/edward-jones-hq-night.jpg"}}



















