

	ADI PADS Trademark of Jones, Stephen J.. Serial Number: 74641743 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
ADI PADS










 
Get FREE email alerts













ADI PADS  Trademark Information
 Jones, Stephen J.




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
mouse   pads      paper   pads      note   pads   related   accessories    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ADI PADS trademark by Jones, Stephen J. 
                                in Provo, , 84603.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ADI PADS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Jones, Stephen J. of the ADI PADS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ADI PADS trademark.
                           






On Friday, March 3, 1995,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ADI PADS by 
                        Jones, Stephen J., Provo 84603.
                        The USPTO has given the ADI PADS 
                        trademark serial  number of  74641743.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE.
                        The correspondent listed for ADI PADS is 
                        
                        
                                            Michael F. Krieger of 
                                            WORKMAN, NUDEGGER & JENSEN,  1000 Eagle Gate Tower, 60 East South Temple Salt Lake City, UT  84111
                                .
                            The ADI PADS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ADI PADS 
                            is mouse pads, paper pads, note pads and related accessories. 
                            





Word mark:
 ADI PADS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE

7/15/1996






  Serial Number:  
74641743


  Filing Date:  
3/3/1995


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
mouse pads, paper pads, note pads and related accessories


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Jones, Stephen J.Provo 84603
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PADS")


 Correspondent:


Michael F. Krieger
WORKMAN, NUDEGGER & JENSEN
1000 Eagle Gate Tower
60 East South Temple
Salt Lake City, UT  84111





 Intent to Use Trademark - Applicant has not submitted proof of use in commerce the the USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
Not provided


First Use In Commerce: 
Not provided





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ADI PADS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/15/1996
ABANDONED - FAILURE TO RESPOND OR LATE RESPONSE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Michael F. Krieger


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ADI PADS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search adipads on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ADI PADS 




ADI PADS is providing mouse pads, paper pads, note pads and related accessories.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Covanta hires former Air Products exec as CEO - Lehigh Valley Business Cycle






















































FULL COVERAGE: Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski charged in FBI investigation








LV Business Cycle 



Covanta appoints former Air Products exec its new CEO







Contributed Photo, The Morning Call
Stephen F. Jones, former Air Products executive and newly appointed CEO of Covanta.
Stephen F. Jones, former Air Products executive and newly appointed CEO of Covanta. (Contributed Photo, The Morning Call)

Scott KrausContact ReporterOf The Morning Call




Former Air Products executive Stephen J. Jones has been hired to lead Covanta Holding Corp., a Morristown, N.J.-based waste-to-energy company.Jones left Air Products in August during the company's transition to the leadership of new CEO Seifi Ghasemi, who took the reins in July after activist investor William Ackman's Pershing Square fund purchased a sizable chunk of company stock.Jones was executive vice president and managing director under former Air Products CEO John McGlade."We are thrilled to welcome Steve to Covanta, and we are confident in his ability to lead the Company as its new CEO," said Samuel Zell, Chairman of the Board of Covanta, in a statement. "Steve has deep experience in operating and growing complex industrial businesses, and is committed to continuing our program of disciplined growth with a focus on maximizing shareholder returns. Having played a major role in key strategy and growth initiatives, Steve is the ideal candidate to serve as Covanta's next CEO."

Jones started with Air Products in 1992 as an attorney, was appointed senior vice president and general manager in April 2009 and China president in June 2011. He was based at the company's office in Shanghai and was in charge of tonnage gases, equipment and energy, as well as operations in China.He joined Covanta Monday and will take over in March for departing Covanta CEO Anthony J. Orlando, who has served as the company as CEO since 2004."Covanta is the industry-leader in sustainable waste and renewable energy solutions, with an unmatched asset base and a track record of providing best-in-class service for its clients," Jones said in a statement released by Covanta. "While Tony has set a high bar for leadership at the Company, this is an exciting time to join Covanta and I am delighted to have the opportunity to lead this outstanding organization."Orlando will remain a member of the board of directors. Jones will also have a spot on the board of directors in addition to his role as CEO.

Covanta operates 46 waste-to-energy facilities, mostly in the United States converting 20 million tons of waste a year into enough energy to power 1 million homes. It also has locations in Italy, China and Candad. The company operates five waste-to-energy facilities in Pennsylvania, located in York, Dauphin, Chester, Montgomery and Lancaster counties.Scott.kraus@mcall.comTwitter @skraus610-820-6745

Copyright
            © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle
 China Agriculture Sam Zell












Wells Fargo paying $80 million over customer car insurance

Teavana stores to close as Starbucks focuses on China

Foxconn deal would cost Wisconsin $230,700 per worker















BreakingSportsObitsBiz CycleArts & EntE-NEWSPAPERClassifiedsInsider Guide72°



















Air Products vice president to leave - Lehigh Valley Business Cycle






















































FULL COVERAGE: Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski charged in FBI investigation








LV Business Cycle 



Air Products vice president to leave







Handout, Air Products, Air Products
Air Products Vice President Stephen J. Jones is stepping down.
Air Products Vice President Stephen J. Jones is stepping down. (Handout, Air Products, Air Products)

Sam Kennedy,Of The Morning Call




Air Products Senior Vice President and General Manager Stephen J. Jones is stepping down, the company disclosed in a regulatory filing Tuesday morning.Jones — whose portfolio included tonnage gases, equipment and energy, as well as operations in China — is the first high level executive to leave the Trexlertown industrial gases company since the appointment of new CEO Seifi Ghasemi last month."I want to thank everyone who has made my time at Air Products so enjoyable and wish my colleagues every success for the future," Jones said in an emailed statement.According to the filing, he is leaving "to pursue other opportunities."

Ghasemi will assume Jones' responsibilities "effective immediately," the filing states. However, Jones is expected to remain on hand to assist in the transition through the end of September, company spokesman George Noon said.Jones, who joined Air Products in 1992 as an attorney, was appointed senior vice president and general manager in April 2009 and China president in June 2011. He was based at the company's office in Shanghai.Ghasemi has left little doubt that he plans major changes at Air Products. He told financial analysts during a conference call last month he would share more information about his vision for the company in mid-September."Why did I take this job?" he said to the analysts. "I am here because I believe that Air Products has the people, technologies and the geographic footprint to significantly improve its performance."

Air Products, the world's largest hydrogen producer, is one of the Lehigh Valley's two Fortune 500 companies and the region's No. 3 employer, with 3,400 workers in the area. Worldwide, it has 20,000 employees.skennedy@mcall.com610-820-6130

Copyright
            © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle
 China Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.












Wells Fargo paying $80 million over customer car insurance

Teavana stores to close as Starbucks focuses on China

Foxconn deal would cost Wisconsin $230,700 per worker















BreakingSportsObitsBiz CycleArts & EntE-NEWSPAPERClassifiedsInsider Guide72°



















Covanta hires former Air Products exec as CEO - Lehigh Valley Business Cycle






















































FULL COVERAGE: Allentown Mayor Ed Pawlowski charged in FBI investigation








LV Business Cycle 



Covanta appoints former Air Products exec its new CEO







Contributed Photo, The Morning Call
Stephen F. Jones, former Air Products executive and newly appointed CEO of Covanta.
Stephen F. Jones, former Air Products executive and newly appointed CEO of Covanta. (Contributed Photo, The Morning Call)

Scott KrausContact ReporterOf The Morning Call




Former Air Products executive Stephen J. Jones has been hired to lead Covanta Holding Corp., a Morristown, N.J.-based waste-to-energy company.Jones left Air Products in August during the company's transition to the leadership of new CEO Seifi Ghasemi, who took the reins in July after activist investor William Ackman's Pershing Square fund purchased a sizable chunk of company stock.Jones was executive vice president and managing director under former Air Products CEO John McGlade."We are thrilled to welcome Steve to Covanta, and we are confident in his ability to lead the Company as its new CEO," said Samuel Zell, Chairman of the Board of Covanta, in a statement. "Steve has deep experience in operating and growing complex industrial businesses, and is committed to continuing our program of disciplined growth with a focus on maximizing shareholder returns. Having played a major role in key strategy and growth initiatives, Steve is the ideal candidate to serve as Covanta's next CEO."

Jones started with Air Products in 1992 as an attorney, was appointed senior vice president and general manager in April 2009 and China president in June 2011. He was based at the company's office in Shanghai and was in charge of tonnage gases, equipment and energy, as well as operations in China.He joined Covanta Monday and will take over in March for departing Covanta CEO Anthony J. Orlando, who has served as the company as CEO since 2004."Covanta is the industry-leader in sustainable waste and renewable energy solutions, with an unmatched asset base and a track record of providing best-in-class service for its clients," Jones said in a statement released by Covanta. "While Tony has set a high bar for leadership at the Company, this is an exciting time to join Covanta and I am delighted to have the opportunity to lead this outstanding organization."Orlando will remain a member of the board of directors. Jones will also have a spot on the board of directors in addition to his role as CEO.

Covanta operates 46 waste-to-energy facilities, mostly in the United States converting 20 million tons of waste a year into enough energy to power 1 million homes. It also has locations in Italy, China and Candad. The company operates five waste-to-energy facilities in Pennsylvania, located in York, Dauphin, Chester, Montgomery and Lancaster counties.Scott.kraus@mcall.comTwitter @skraus610-820-6745

Copyright
            © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle
 China Agriculture Sam Zell












Wells Fargo paying $80 million over customer car insurance

Teavana stores to close as Starbucks focuses on China

Foxconn deal would cost Wisconsin $230,700 per worker















BreakingSportsObitsBiz CycleArts & EntE-NEWSPAPERClassifiedsInsider Guide72°





























	Air Products Appoints Stephen Jones as China President to Drive Next Phase of Growth


























MyAirProductsContact UsCustomer Support












					Air Products Worldwide
				



Argentina


Belgium-Be


Belgium-Fr


Brazil


Canada


Chile


China


Colombia


Czech Rep


Ecuador


France


Germany


Hong Kong


Hungary


India


Indonesia


Ireland


Israel


Italy


Japan


Korea


Malaysia


Mexico


Netherlands


Norway


Peru


Poland


Portugal


Russia


Singapore


Slovakia


South Africa


Spain


Taiwan


Thailand


UAE


UK


USA










Open Mobile Menu
Open Global Sites Menu




Company





Company OverviewAbout UsNews CenterGovernanceSustainabilitySupplier InformationTechnology Partnerships


2016 Annual Report

2017 Sustainability Report






Products





Products OverviewGasesEquipmentServices and Solutions


Air Products offers fully-integrated hydrogen fueling stations

Air ProductsMobile Applications






Industries




Industries Overview

Select An Industry:

Agriculture


Analytical Laboratories


Chemical Processing


Fine/Specialty Chemicals


Petrochemicals




Construction


Electronics, Packaging, Assembly and Test


Energy


Bioenergy


SmartFuel® Hydrogen Energy


Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)


Oil/Gas Production


Petroleum Refining


Power






Food / Beverage


Glass / Minerals


Leisure / Recreation


Medical


Metals


Iron/Steel Production


Metal Fabrication


Metals Processing


Non-ferrous Production






Mining


Pharmaceuticals / Biotechnology


Rubber / Plastics


Transportation


Aerospace


Automotive


Marine


Mass Transit


Material Handling


Shipbuilding




Water and Wastewater










Investors





Investors OverviewStock InformationEarnings and PresentationsFinancial InformationAnnual ReportsSEC FilingsShareholder ServicesTeleconference Information


2016 Annual Report

Earnings Releases






Careers





Careers OverviewWhy Air ProductsCareer PathsWorking TogetherDiversity and InclusionOur Application ProcessSearch Job OpeningsStudents and Recent University GraduatesCareers FAQs


View Our Career Center

Working for Air Products












Company Overview
News Center
Air Products Appoints Stephen Jones as China President to Drive Next Phase of Growth
















News ReleaseAir Products Appoints Stephen Jones as China President to Drive Next Phase of Growth



	Corporate Executive Committee Member Based in Shanghai Underscores the Company’s Strong Commitment to Accelerate Growth in China
August 29, 2011 Lehigh Valley, Pa.Air Products (NYSE: APD) today announced the appointment of Stephen J. Jones as China president based in Shanghai to lead the company’s next phase of strategic development in China. Jones, a member of the company’s corporate executive committee, will retain his current role as senior vice president and general manager of Global Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy. “The appointment of Steve Jones as China president and his move to Shanghai is part of Air Products’ corporate strategy to support our significant growth opportunities and accelerate our development in emerging markets,” said John E. McGlade, chairman, president and chief executive officer. “China is a strategic market for Air Products. We have been investing in and serving this market for nearly 25 years and established strong positions there. Having one of our corporate executive committee members based in Shanghai underpins our strong commitment to further growth in China.” Air Products has been operating in China since 1987 and was one of the first multinational industrial gas corporations to invest in the country. With over 40 operating entities, 50 production facilities and 2,200 employees, the company has already established a strong market position in China, serving a broad range of industries. It also has established a number of regional capabilities in China, including an engineering center, a cryogenic manufacturing center, a technology center and a strategic sourcing center. Mr. Jones joined Air Products in 1992 and has since held various executive leadership positions in the commercial and legal organizations. Mr. Jones has served as senior vice president and general manager of Global Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy since 2009 and has been a member of the company’s corporate executive committee since 2007 when he was named senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from Bloomsburg University, a Master of Business Administration from Temple University, and a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Air Products (NYSE:APD) serves customers in industrial, energy, technology and healthcare markets worldwide with a unique portfolio of atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, performance materials, and equipment and services. Founded in 1940, Air Products has built leading positions in key growth markets such as semiconductor materials, refinery hydrogen, home healthcare services, natural gas liquefaction, and advanced coatings and adhesives. The company is recognized for its innovative culture, operational excellence and commitment to safety and the environment. In fiscal 2010, Air Products had revenues of $9 billion, operations in over 40 countries, and 18,300 employees around the globe. For more information, visit www.airproducts.com.  NOTE: This release may contain forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s reasonable expectations and assumptions as of the date of this release regarding important risk factors. Actual performance and financial results may differ materially from projections and estimates expressed in the forward-looking statements because of many factors not anticipated by management, including risk factors described in the Company’s Form 10K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. 

Connect with us on:

|






			Contact Information
		


Press ContactGeorge Noon(610) 481-1990



AsiaJessica Cheng+852-2863-0585Room 2503-5, 25/F148 Electric RoadNorth PointHong KongF: (852) 2527-1922



Investor ContactSimon Moore(610) 481-7461Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.7201 Hamilton BoulevardAllentown, PA 18195-1501USA(610) 481-2729





	Name
	
	Phone
	
	Air Products (NYSE: APD) today announced the appointment of Stephen J. Jones as China president based in Shanghai to lead the company’s next phase of strategic development in China. Jones, a member of the company’s corporate executive committee, will retain his current role as senior vice president and general manager of Global Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy. “The appointment of Steve Jones as China president and his move to Shanghai is part of Air Products’ corporate strategy to support our significant growth opportunities and accelerate our development in emerging markets,” said John E. McGlade, chairman, president and chief executive officer. “China is a strategic market for Air Products. We have been investing in and serving this market for nearly 25 years and established strong positions there. Having one of our corporate executive committee members based in Shanghai underpins our strong commitment to further growth in China.” Air Products has been operating in China since 1987 and was one of the first multinational industrial gas corporations to invest in the country. With over 40 operating entities, 50 production facilities and 2,200 employees, the company has already established a strong market position in China, serving a broad range of industries. It also has established a number of regional capabilities in China, including an engineering center, a cryogenic manufacturing center, a technology center and a strategic sourcing center. Mr. Jones joined Air Products in 1992 and has since held various executive leadership positions in the commercial and legal organizations. Mr. Jones has served as senior vice president and general manager of Global Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy since 2009 and has been a member of the company’s corporate executive committee since 2007 when he was named senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from Bloomsburg University, a Master of Business Administration from Temple University, and a law degree from the University of Pennsylvania. Air Products (NYSE:APD) serves customers in industrial, energy, technology and healthcare markets worldwide with a unique portfolio of atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, performance materials, and equipment and services. Founded in 1940, Air Products has built leading positions in key growth markets such as semiconductor materials, refinery hydrogen, home healthcare services, natural gas liquefaction, and advanced coatings and adhesives. The company is recognized for its innovative culture, operational excellence and commitment to safety and the environment. In fiscal 2010, Air Products had revenues of $9 billion, operations in over 40 countries, and 18,300 employees around the globe. For more information, visit www.airproducts.com.  NOTE: This release may contain forward-looking statements within the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are based on management’s reasonable expectations and assumptions as of the date of this release regarding important risk factors. Actual performance and financial results may differ materially from projections and estimates expressed in the forward-looking statements because of many factors not anticipated by management, including risk factors described in the Company’s Form 10K for its fiscal year ended September 30, 2010. 


An error has occured, please fix the highlighted fields.

		To request a quote or for more information about Air Products, please fill out the form below, and an Air Products representative will contact you shortly.
	


Please use the form below to contact us.


















United States
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Beliz
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, Democratic Republic of
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea, Dem. Peoples Rep.
Korea, Republic of
Kyrgyzstan
Laos Peoples Dem. Rep.
Latvia
Lebanon
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nederland
Nepal
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Other
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe






What can we answer for you?


				What kind of inquiry?
				
Products and Services
-Gases and Equipment
Company Information
-Career
-Investor/Financial
-Philanthropy
-Environmental
-Community
-Supplier
-Other
General
-Student Inquiry
-Web Site Comments



Enter your question/comment here:





					Send
				




		If you would prefer to contact us by phone, you can call any of our Air Products locations worldwide by visiting Worldwide Locations & Phone Numbers.
	




Stephen J. Jones
Click to view biography or download photo.










FacebookTwitterYouTubeLinkedInLegal Notice Copyright © 1996 – 2017 Air Products and Chemicals, Inc.



For CustomersMyAirProductsSDS LibrarySafetygramsGas FactsPipeline SafetyCustomer Support OverviewDistributor Services Gases U.S.Technology PartnershipsWorldwide Locations & ContactsQuality and CertificationsAir Products Mobile Applications


For the PressNews CenterExecutive BiosPhoto Library
For InvestorsStock InformationEarnings ReleasesCompany History


For SuppliersMyAccountPaymenteConnectionsFAQsGeneral Conditions of PurchaseWhat We BuyTo Verify an Order is LegitimateWorldwide Locations & ContactsSustainability Expectations


For Potential EmployeesSearch Job OpeningsCompany HistoryCorporate CitizenshipWhy Air ProductsDiversity and Inclusion






X
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us to better understand our users. By using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our Legal Notice to learn more. Close











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Stephen J. Jones - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Stephen J. Jones
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at Covanta Holding Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Stephen J. Jones? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stephen J. Jones's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stephen J. Jones's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stephen J. Jones's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stephen J. Jones through your network of contacts.
												








Stephen J. Jones's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
Covanta Holding Corporation


Past
To view Stephen J. Jones's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
55

 
 


Stephen J. Jones's Biography



Stephen J. Jones was appointed our President and Chief Executive Officer and elected as a director in March, 2015. Prior to joining Covanta, Mr. Jones was employed by Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. ("Air Products"), a global supplier of industrial gases, equipment and services from 1992 through September 2014. Mr. Jones served as senior vice president and general manager, Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy of Air Products, from April 2009 through September 2014. Mr. Jones also served as Air Products' China President from June 2011 through September 2014 at Air Products' office in Shanghai. He was also a member of Air Products' Corporate Ex ...
(Read More)

			Stephen J. Jones was appointed our President and Chief Executive Officer and elected as a director in March, 2015. Prior to joining Covanta, Mr. Jones was employed by Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. ("Air Products"), a global supplier of industrial gases, equipment and services from 1992 through September 2014. Mr. Jones served as senior vice president and general manager, Tonnage Gases, Equipment and Energy of Air Products, from April 2009 through September 2014. Mr. Jones also served as Air Products' China President from June 2011 through September 2014 at Air Products' office in Shanghai. He was also a member of Air Products' Corporate Executive Committee from 2007 through September 2014. Mr. Jones joined Air Products in 1992 as an attorney in the Law Group representing various business areas and functions and in 2007 he was appointed senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. Mr. Jones also serves on the Board of Bloomsburg University Foundation.

Mr. Jones' experience managing and growing domestic and international companies, with capital-intensive operating assets, his business acumen and his knowledge of the energy marketplace are valuable assets to the Board. Mr. Jones is 55 years old.
		
Source: Covanta Holding Corporation on 03/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Stephen J. Jones's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Stephen J. Jones. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Stephen J. Jones's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Stephen J. Jones's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Stephen J. Jones through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Stephen J. Jones


















Stephen J. Jones's Connections (49)





Sign up now to view Stephen J. Jones's 49 connections »









Susan K. Carter
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Ingersoll-Rand Plc









William L. Davis
Former Chairman, President and CEO, R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company









John W. Marsland
Former Senior Vice President and General Manager, Merchant Gases, Air Products









Michael S. Crocco
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Air Products









Michael F. Hilton
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Nordson Corporation









Linda J. Fisher
Former Board Member, Covanta Holding Corporation









Robert S. Silberman
Executive Chairman of the Board, Strayer Education, Inc.









Corning F. Painter
Executive Vice President, Industrial Gases, Air Products









John D. Stanley
Former Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer, Air Products









Mario L. Baeza
Former Board Member, Caleres, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993















Stephen J. Jones






















































NP Alumni





 


 

















                                    Home
                                



                                    Team
                                






Stephen J. Jones







﻿














Tenacious. Focused. Strategic. These are the core qualities upon which Steve Jones has built his employment litigation practice. Steve is a trusted advisor and experienced trial attorney representing employers of every size. Steve leads the firm’s Labor & Employment Class Action Team and is regularly called upon to defend “bet the company,” high-stakes litigation. His experience includes defense of over 50 class and collective actions under the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) and Title VII and obtaining over two dozen dismissals of discrimination, harassment, retaliation, and ERISA claims in the last three years alone.
Steve’s practice is at the forefront of cutting-edge law. For example, he is defending an international food company in the first case ever filed under the whistleblower provisions of the Food Safety Modernization Act. He recently obtained a temporary restraining order enforcing employment agreements prohibiting the solicitation of customer referral sources in an evolving area of New York non-competition law. Steve has also developed innovative auditing methodologies in EEO and wage-hour areas, thereby reducing or eliminating his clients’ exposure to class action litigation.Steve is recognized as an industry thought leader, regularly providing commentary to the news media on legal developments, presenting CLEs and writing articles, including one advocating for specific legislative reforms to the country’s overtime laws published in the Rochester Business Journal in December 2013. In 2014, the New York Law Journal chose Steve for its Rising Stars Award—the only Rochester attorney to receive the award that year, based on his contributions to the practice of law. Steve is also peer rated as a Super Lawyer, Employment Litigation Defense by Super Lawyers Magazine. His practice was profiled recently by the Rochester Democrat & Chronicle. To read more, click here. Steve served for over a year on special assignment as in-house counsel to Eastman Kodak Company, where he was responsible for managing external counsel and counseling business units. This experience has proven invaluable in understanding the pressures and budgetary constraints placed on his in-house clients.Mission My mission, above all else, is to achieve my clients’ business objectives while pursuing excellence in the practice of law. I don’t just “represent” my clients; I partner with them. I believe clients are entitled to “no surprises.” Accordingly, I dedicate my practice to constant client contact, transparency and accountability.I understand that the most efficient way to resolve litigation is not always the most obvious. It is critical from the outset, therefore, to develop a defense strategy that is carefully calibrated to achieve trial and/or settlement advantage while remaining attentive always to my clients’ overall business objectives. It’s the foundation of any successful defense and my personal promise to clients.Community Activity Steve is highly active in community leadership. He currently serves on the Judiciary Committee of the Monroe County Bar Association. He also serves as the Corporate Secretary for the Board of Directors for Volunteers of America, Upstate New York (“VOA”), and serves on the Executive and Governance Committees of VOA. Prior to VOA, Steve served for three years as the President of the Board of Directors for Step by Step, a Rochester-based organization dedicated to assisting and rehabilitating incarcerated women. Steve led this organization through the Great Recession, at a time when government funding and private donations dropped precipitously. He also helped spearhead a merger between Step by Step and VOA in 2012. In 2009, Steve was selected to the Rochester Business Journal’s 40 Under 40 Award in recognition of his civic and professional achievement. Steve also served as a coach and mentor to high school students in the Monroe County Law Explorers Program for over five years. He actively represents several community-based, nonprofit organizations on a pro bono basis.Recent Representative Litigation  Defended one-hundred million plus dollar pension withdrawal liability matter under ERISA on behalf of national supermarket chain (2014-2015).  Defended international financial services company in wage-hour class action in the Southern District of NY alleging exemption misclassification of Information Technology positions, and achieved successful resolution of the case (2014-15).  Defending Rochester-based restaurant chain in tip credit/minimum wage class action under NY Labor Law and FLSA (2015).  Defeated class and collective action certification of meal period claims on behalf of major Buffalo hospital system (2014).  Obtained temporary restraining order on behalf of national payroll services company against three former salespersons who violated non-competition agreements, including recovery of attorneys’ fees (2014).  Represented IT communications company in non-competition, alleged trade secret litigation involving unified communications technologies utilized by the U.S. Department of Defense and dissolved temporary restraining order (2012).  Representing major New York City hospital system in wage-hour class action involving claims of rounded time under the New York Labor Law.  Obtained dismissal of a claim for retirement plan benefits based on ERISA preemption on behalf of major Rochester hospital system (2015).  Defended multinational engineering company in alleged exemption misclassification class action and twice defeated plaintiffs’ motion for conditional certification under the FLSA (2010).  Obtained affirmance of summary judgment dismissal from 2d Circuit Court of Appeals on claims of sexual harassment and retaliation on behalf of international technology company (2014).  Obtained dismissal of alleged ERISA claims for retiree health benefits on behalf of major hospital system (2012).  Representing national retail company in wage-hour class and collective action and defeated conditional FLSA certification for operations consisting of thousands of employees.  Obtained Rule 12(b)(6) dismissal of alleged USERRA retaliation claims on behalf of major Rochester research university (2013).  Obtained affirmance of summary judgment dismissal from 11th Circuit Court of Appeals on claims of retaliation under the False Claims Act (2013).  Obtained summary judgment dismissal of age discrimination claims under the ADEA and NYHRL on behalf of international business services company (2013).  Obtained Rule 12(b)(6) dismissal of complaint alleging nine common law causes of action with prejudice on behalf of national financial services company (2013).  Obtained affirmance of summary judgment dismissal from 2d Circuit Court of Appeals on claims of disability discrimination and FMLA interference and retaliation on behalf of international engineering company (2012).  Obtained affirmance of dismissal of FLSA claims in class and collective action against major Long Island hospital system from 2d Circuit Court of Appeals (2013).  Obtained affirmance of summary judgment dismissal from 2d Circuit Court of Appeals on claims of race and national origin discrimination, hostile work environment and retaliation on behalf of national retail company (2014).  Representing international news media company in multiple actions for long-term disability benefits claims under ERISA (2015).  Negotiated dismissal of New York City-based hospital system from multi-defendant class action alleging meal period and off-the-clock claims under the FLSA and New York Labor Law (2010).  Obtained dismissal on the pleadings of sexual harassment claims against multinational restaurant franchise (2011).  Defeated motion for preliminary injunction in breach of restrictive covenant, unfair competition and trade secret litigation (2009).  Defended Boston-based hospital system in class action alleging meal period and off-the-clock claims under the FLSA and Massachusetts Wage Act until successful settlement (2010).  Obtained decision from Second Circuit Court of Appeals affirming summary judgment dismissal of racial discrimination, hostile work environment and retaliation claims under federal and state law (2009).  Defended multinational retailer in class action alleging misclassification of store managers under the FLSA and multiple state laws and negotiated settlement on terms favorable to the employer (2010).  Defended national retailer in alleged misclassification of information technology and financial positions in class action under the FLSA and New York Labor Law and negotiated settlement on terms favorable to the employer (2009).  Defended multinational technology company in alleged exemption misclassification class action under the FLSA and New York Labor Law and negotiated settlement on terms favorable to the employer (2009). 


            Media Clips
        


Landscape is in flux for non-compete agreements                    
Rochester Business Journal | June 10, 2016Rochester labor and employment partner Steve Jones is quoted in this article about recent changes to the New York laws surrounding non-compete agreements.

State Legislation Increases Wages, Mandates Family Leave                    
Rochester Business Journal | May 13, 2016Rochester partners Jeff LaBarge and Steve Jones, counsel Todd Shinaman, and associates Joe Carello and Kim Harding co-authored this column discussing New York’s landmark legislation raising the minimum wage and mandating paid family leave.

Interns: To pay or not to pay, that is the question                    
Democrat & Chronicle | August 02, 2015Rochester Labor & Employment partner Steve Jones authored this column in Sunday’s Democrat & Chronicle discussing summer internships and what employers need to keep in mind.


Scrutiny, Awareness Raise the Stakes for Employers                    
Rochester Business Journal | May 01, 2015Rochester Labor & Employment partner Steve Jones is quoted throughout this article about trends in wage hour legislation and compliance. Click here to read the full article.

Confusing Wage Laws Trip Up Businesses                    
Democrat & Chronicle | April 15, 2015Rochester Labor & Employment partner Steve Jones discusses how labor law violations, penalties and accusations can impact employers. Click here to read the full article.

Nixon Peabody Attorney Hooked by TV Lawyers                    
Democrat & Chronicle | November 18, 2014This feature story profiles Rochester Labor & Employment partner Steve Jones. In the piece, Steve discusses a range of topics including his passion for employment law, how he developed his practice and the firm’s history in and commitment to Rochester.



Show More
Show Less





 












Ideas






                                    House passes comp time bill
                                


Employment Law Alert | 05.09.17
                            








                                    Empire State employers beware: salary basis and minimum wage for New York employers scheduled to increase as of December 31, 2016
                                


Employment Law Alert | 12.28.16
                            








                                    Hold your horses — Texas federal judge blocks DOL's overtime‎ rule
                                


Employment Law Alert | 11.23.16
                            








                                    U.S. Department of Labor issues final regulations expanding overtime coverage
                                


Employment Law Alert | 05.18.16
                            








                                    New York passes landmark legislation raising minimum wage and mandating paid family leave
                                


Employment Law Alert | 04.06.16
                            








                                    The Supreme Court issues a narrow decision on the use of statistical evidence in a class action
                                


Employment Law Alert | 03.25.16
                            








                                    Webinar Recording: Three Critical Labor Law Challenges to Starting and Running a Business
                                


Originally recorded on December 2, 2015 | 12.07.15
                            








                                    DOL says most workers are employees and issues new memo on alleged misclassification of independent contractors
                                


Employment Law Alert | 07.15.15
                            








                                    Law on interns continues to evolve: new test applied
                                


Employment Law Alert | 07.13.15
                            








Previous



Next













Events






                                    The new administration: What every business needs to know
                                


                                01.13.17 | Rochester, NY
                            








                                    Increase to the Minimum Salary for Exempt Employees (Rochester)
                                


                                06.09.16 | Rochester, NY
                            








                                    Nixon Peabody's Complimentary CLE Program
                                


                                03.04.16 | Rochester, NY
                            








                                    Webinar: Three Critical Labor Law Challenges to Starting and Running a Business
                                


                                12.02.15
                            








                                    Protecting Trade Secrets, Confidential Business Information and Goodwill in the Information Age
                                


                                03.12.15 | Buffalo, NY
                            








                                    Protecting Trade Secrets, Confidential Business Information and Goodwill in the Information Age
                                


                                10.02.14 | Rochester, NY
                            








Previous



Next









Contact


Stephen J. Jones
Partner
Rochester
Phone: 585-263-1386
New York


                Fax: 585-263-1600
            








 × Thank you for your request to e-mail Stephen Jones.   While you are welcome to contact an attorney at Nixon Peabody LLP, you should be aware that this Web site presents general information about Nixon Peabody LLP and is not intended as legal advice, nor should you consider it as such. You should not act upon this information without seeking professional counsel.                                                                                   Please keep in mind that merely contacting Nixon Peabody LLP will not establish an attorney-client relationship. Nixon Peabody LLP cannot represent you until the firm knows there would not be a conflict of interest and the firm determines that it is otherwise able to accept the engagement. Accordingly, please do not send Nixon Peabody LLP any information or documents until a formal attorney-client relationship has been established through an interview with an attorney and you receive authorization in the form of an engagement letter from Nixon Peabody LLP. Any information or documents sent prior to your receipt of an engagement letter cannot be treated as confidences, secrets, or protected information of any nature.                                                                                   Clicking on the link below acknowledges that you understand and agree with this notice.                                             Continue with e-mail to Stephen Jones.  





 

Services




Discrimination & Harassment


Electronic Discovery & Digital Evidence


Employment Class Action Defense


ERISA Litigation


Higher Education Labor & Employment


Labor &  Employment


Litigation


Noncompete Litigation


Wage-Hour Compliance


Wage-Hour Litigation


Workplace Policies, Procedures & Training






Education


Syracuse University School of Law, J.D., cum laudeSt. John Fisher College, B.A., cum laude 
 

Admissions


New YorkU.S. District Court, Southern District of New YorkU.S. District Court, Eastern District of New YorkU.S. District Court, Western District of New YorkU.S. District Court, Northern District of New YorkU.S. Court of Appeals, Second Circuit




Recognition


Stephen has been selected by his peers for inclusion in The Best Lawyers in America© 2017 for Litigation - Labor and Employment in Rochester, NY.  In 2014, the New York Law Journal chose Mr. Jones as one of its Rising Stars—the only attorney in Rochester to receive this award. A panel of 20 esteemed judges reviewed more than 230 nominations of attorneys 40 and under and chose 42 recipients who have established a record of accomplishments and demonstrated that they are top contributors to the practice of law and their communities. In 2009, Mr. Jones received the 40 Under 40 Award from the Rochester Business Journal in recognition of his civic and professional achievement. He is also peer rated as a Super Lawyer, Employment Litigation Defense by Super Lawyers Magazine.




Affiliations


Mr. Jones is a member of the American Bar Association, the New York State Bar Association, and the Monroe County Bar Association.


 


Back to top





 



 Jones Stephens | WE GOT IT.           
MenuPlumbingSeatsDecorativeContractor Specialties & MROMade in USA

Search



About UsDownloadsPress RoomContact Us













 Click for More Info






 Click for More Info






 CLICK FOR MORE INFORMATION






 Click for More Info






 Click for More Info






 Click to View Items in Program 






 Click for more information
Download Our CatalogFind Spec/MSDSFirst Name*Last Name*Email*
EmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 






 
Please enter a product code to search for any available specification or MSDS sheets.

Featured Products

 
Heavy Duty 20 Gallon Utility SinkM60003
List: $117.44
Learn More

 
Washing Machine Box, Center Outlet Without ...B05942
List: $29.49
Learn More

 
CleanWave Sensor Activated FlushG01850
List: $79.00
Learn More

 
Satin Nickel Two Handle Gooseneck Kitchen ...1558033
List: $59.76
Learn More

 
Orange Safety VestB05090
List: $21.68
Learn More

 
Brute® 32 Gallon Gray Utility Container, ...G80003
List: $66.69
Learn More

 
3" Green Drain Waterless Trap SealP24002
List: $54.78
Learn More

 
5/8" x 36" Water Meter KeyM25536
List: $17.18
Learn More

 
5" x 8" Stud Guard, 16 ...S33003
List: $1.74
Learn More

 
Deluxe Molded Wood Seat, White, Elongated ...C014WD00
List: $24.00
Learn More

   