


History of marketing - Wikipedia






















 






History of marketing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e









The term, 'marketing', comes from the Latin, 'mercatus', meaning a marketplace. Pictured: La Boqueria, Barcelona, Spain






The Moorish Bazaar


The study of the history of marketing, as a discipline, is meaningful because it helps to define the baselines upon which change can be recognized and understand how the discipline evolves in response to those changes.[1] The practice of marketing has been known for millennia, but the term "marketing" used to describe commercial activities buying and selling a products or services came into popular use in the late nineteenth century.[2] The study of the history of marketing as an academic field emerged in the early twentieth century.[3]
Marketers tend to distinguish between the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought:

(a) the history of marketing practice refers to an investigation into the ways that marketing has been practiced; and how those practices have evolved over time as they respond to changing socio-economic conditions
(b) the history of marketing thought refers to an examination of the ways that marketing has been studied and taught

Although the history of marketing thought and the history of marketing practice are distinct fields of study, they intersect at different junctures.[4] Marketing practitioners engage in innovative practices that capture the attention of marketing scholars who codify and disseminate such practices. At the same time, marketing academics often develop new research methods or theories that are subsequently adopted by practitioners. Thus developments in marketing theory inform marketing practice and vice versa. The history of marketing will remain incomplete if one disassociates academia from practitioners.[4]
The publication, in 1960, of Robert Keith's article, "The Marketing Revolution", was a pioneering work in the study of the history of marketing practice.[5] And, in 1976, the publication of Robert Bartel's book, The History of Marketing Thought, marked a turning-point in the understanding of how marketing theory evolved since it first emerged as a separate discipline around the turn of last century.[6]



Contents


1 Marketing history: an overview

1.1 Marketing in antiquity
1.2 Marketing in the Middle Ages
1.3 Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe
1.4 Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries


2 History of marketing practice

2.1 Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice

2.1.1 Keith's periodisation
2.1.2 Fullerton's periodisation
2.1.3 Other periodisations
2.1.4 Brief description of the most commonly cited periods

2.1.4.1 Production orientation
2.1.4.2 Selling orientation
2.1.4.3 The marketing orientation
2.1.4.4 The societal marketing concept
2.1.4.5 Relationship orientation






3 History of marketing thought

3.1 A periodisation approach
3.2 A 'schools of thought' approach
3.3 Brief description of the dominant schools of thought

3.3.1 Marketing management




4 Key innovations that influenced marketing practice
5 See also

5.1 Early marketing theorists


6 References
7 Further reading



Marketing history: an overview[edit]




In pre-literate societies, the distinctive shape of amphora served some of the functions of a label, communicating information about region of origin, the name of the producer and may have carried product quality claims


According to etymologists, the term 'marketing' first appeared in dictionaries in the sixteenth century where it referred to the process of buying and selling at a market.[7] The contemporary definition of 'marketing' as a process of moving goods from producer to consumer with an emphasis on sales and advertising first appeared in dictionaries in 1897.[8] The term, marketing, is a derivation of the Latin word, mercatus meaning market or merchant.
Historians of marketing tend to fall into two distinct branches of marketing history - the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought. These branches are often deeply divided. These branches have very different roots. The history of marketing practice is based in management and marketing studies, while the history of marketing thought is based in economic and cultural history. This means that they ask very different types of research questions and employ different research tools and frameworks.[9]
Historians of marketing have undertaken considerable investigation into the emergence of marketing, yet there is little agreement about when marketing first began.[10] Some researchers argue that marketing practices can be found in antiquity [11][12][13] while others suggest that marketing, in its modern form, emerged in conjunction with the rise of consumer culture in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe [14] while yet other researchers suggest that modern marketing was only fully realised in the decades following the industrial revolution in Britain from where it subsequently spread to Europe and North America.[15] Hollander and others have suggested that the different dates for the emergence of marketing can be explained by problems surrounding the way that marketing has been defined - whether reference to 'modern marketing' as a planned, programmed repertoire of professional practice including activities such as segmentation, product differentiation, positioning and marketing communications versus 'marketing' as a simple form distribution and exchange.[16]
Marketing in antiquity[edit]




Mosaic showing garum container, from the house of Umbricius Scaurus of Pompeii. The inscription which reads "G(ari) F(los) SCO(mbri) SCAURI EX OFFI(CI)NA SCAURI" has been translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"


A number of studies have found evidence of advertising, branding, packaging and labelling in antiquity.[17][18] Umbricius Scauras, for example, was a manufacturer of fish sauce (also known as garum) in Pompeii, circa 35 C.E. Mosaic patterns in the atrium of his house were decorated with images of amphora bearing his personal brand and quality claims. The mosaic comprises four different amphora, one at each corner of the atrium, and bearing labels as follows:[19]

1. G(ari) F(los) SCO[m]/ SCAURI/ EX OFFI[ci]/NA SCAU/RI Translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"
2. LIQU[minis]/ FLOS Translated as: "The flower of Liquamen"
3. G[ari] F[los] SCOM[bri]/ SCAURI Translated as: "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus"
4. LIQUAMEN/ OPTIMUM/ EX OFFICI[n]/A SCAURI Translated as: "The best liquamen, from the shop of Scaurus"

The reputation of Scauras' fish sauce was known to be of very high quality across the Mediterannean and its reputation travelled as far away as modern France.[20] Curtis has described this mosaic as a "an advertisement... and a rare, unequivocal example of a motif inspired by a patron, rather than by the artist." [21] In Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum, archeaological evidence also points to evidence of branding and labelling in relatively common use. Wine jars, for example, were stamped with names, such as "Lassius" and "L. Eumachius;" probably references to the name of the producer. Carbonized loaves of bread, found at Herculaneum, indicate that some bakers stamped their bread with the producer's name.[22]
David Wengrow has argued that branding became necessary following the urban revolution in ancient Mesopotamia in the 4th century BCE, when large-scale economies started mass-producing commodities such as alcoholic drinks, cosmetics and textiles. These ancient societies imposed strict forms of quality control over commodities, and also needed to convey value to the consumer through branding. Producers began by attaching simple stone seals to products which over time were transformed into clay seals bearing impressed images, often associated with the producer's personal identity thus giving the product a personality.[23]
Diana Twede has argued that the "consumer packaging functions of protection, utility and communication have been necessary whenever packages were the object of transactions" (p. 107). She has shown that amphoras used in Mediterranean trade between 1500 and 500 BCE exhibited a wide variety of shapes and markings, which provided information for transactions. Systematic use of stamped labels dates from around the fourth century BCE. In a largely pre-literate society, the shape of the amphora and its pictorial markings conveyed information about the contents, region of origin and even the identity of the producer which were understood to convey information about product quality.[24] Not all historians agree that these markings can be compared with modern brands or labels. Moore and Reid, for example, have argued that the distinctive shapes and markings in ancient containers should be termed proto-brands rather than modern brands.[25]
Marketing in the Middle Ages[edit]




Market scene by Pieter Aertsen, c.1550


In England and Europe during the Middle Ages, market towns sprang up. Some analysts have suggested that the term, 'marketing,' may have first been used in the context of market towns where the term 'marketing' may have been used by producers to describe the process of carting and selling their produce and wares in market towns. Blintiff has investigated the early Medieval networks of market towns and suggests that by the 12th century there was an upsurge in the number of market towns and the emergence of merchant circuits as traders bulked up surpluses from smaller regional, different day markets and resold them at the larger centralised market towns.[26]
Braudel and Reynold have made a systematic study of these European market towns between the thirteenth and fifteenth century. Their investigation shows that in regional districts markets were held once or twice a week, while daily markets were more common in the larger cities and towns. Over time, permanent shops began to open daily and gradually supplanted the periodic markets. Peddlers filled in the gaps in distribution by travelling door-to-door selling produce and wares. The physical market was characterised by transactional exchange and the economy was characterised by local trading. Braudel reports that, in 1600, goods travelled relatively short distances - grain 5–10 miles; cattle 40–70 miles; wool and wollen cloth 20–40 miles. However, following the European age of discovery, goods were imported from afar - calico cloth from India, porcelain, silk and tea from China, spices from India and South-East Asia and tobacco, sugar, rum and coffee from the New World.[27]




Bronze plate for printing an advertisement for the Liu family needle shop at Jinan, Song dynasty China. It is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.


Although the rise of consumer culture and marketing in Britain and Europe have been studied extensively, less is known about developments elsewhere.[28] Nevertheless, recent research suggests that China exhibited a rich history of early marketing practices; including branding, packaging, advertising and retail signage.[29] From as early as 200 BCE, Chinese packaging and branding was used to signal family, place names and product quality, and the use of government imposed product branding was used between 600 and 900 AD.[30] Eckhart and Bengtsson have argued that during the Song Dynasty (960–1127), Chinese society developed a consumerist culture, where a high level of consumption was attainable for a wide variety of ordinary consumers rather than just the elite (p. 212). The rise of a consumer culture led to the commercial investment in carefully managed company image, retail signage, symbolic brands, trademark protection and the brand concepts of baoji, hao, lei, gongpin, piazi and pinpai, which roughly equate with Western concepts of family status, quality grading, and upholding traditional Chinese values (p. 219). Eckhardt and Bengtsson's analysis suggests that brands emerged in China as a result of the social needs and tensions implicit in consumer culture, in which brands provide social status and stratification. Thus, the evolution of brands in China stands in sharp contrast to the West where manufacturers pushed brands onto the market in order to differentiate, increase market share and ultimately profits (pp 218–219).
Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe[edit]




Josiah Wedgewood's 18th century techniques exhibited many of the characteristics of modern marketing


Scholars have identified specific instances of marketing practices in England and Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. As trade between countries or regions grew, companies required information on which to base business decisions. Individuals and companies carried out formal and informal research on trade conditions. In 1380, Johann Fugger travelled from Augsburg to Graben in order to gather information on the international textile industry. He exchanged detailed letters on trade conditions in relevant areas.[31] In the early 1700s British industrial houses were demanding information, that could be used for business decisions. During this period, Daniel Defoe, a London merchant, published information on trade and economic resources of England and Scotland.[32][33] Defoe was a prolific publisher and among his many publications are titles devoted to trade including; Trade of Britain Stated, 1707; Trade of Scotland with France, 1713 and The Trade to India Critically and Calmly Considered, 1720; all books that were highly popular with merchants and business houses of the period.[34] While such activities might now be recognised as marketing research, at that time they were known as 'commercial research' or 'commercial intelligence' and not seen as part of the repertoire of activities that make up contemporary marketing practice.
In a major review of consumer society, McKendrick, Brewer and Plumb found extensive evidence of eighteenth century English entrepreneurs using 'modern' marketing techniques, including product differentiation, sales promotion and loss leader pricing.[35] English industrialists, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, are often portrayed as pioneers of modern mass marketing methods.[36] Wedgewood was known to have used marketing techniques such as direct mail, travelling salesmen and catalogues in the eighteenth century.[37] Wedgewood also carried out serious investigations into the fixed and variable costs of production and recognised that increased production would lead to lower unit costs. He also inferred that selling at lower prices would lead to higher demand and recognised the value of achieving scale economies in production. By cutting costs and lowering prices, Wedgewood was able to generate higher overall profits.[38] Similarly, one of Wedgewood's contemporaries, Matthew Boulton, pioneered early mass production techniques and product differentiation at his Soho Manufactory in the 1760s. He also practiced planned obsolescence and understood the importance of 'celebrity marketing' - that is supplying the nobility, often at prices below cost and of obtaining royal patronage, for the sake of the publicity and cudos generated.[39]
Fullerton argues that the practice of market segmentation emerged well before marketers used the notion formally. [40] Certain strands of evidence suggest that simple examples of market segmentation were evident prior to the 1880s. The business historian, Richard S. Tedlow, argues that any attempt to segment markets prior to 1880 was highly fragmented since the economy was characterised by small, regional suppliers who mostly sold goods on a local or regional basis. [41] When retail shops began to appear from the 15th century, retailers needed to separate the "riff raff" from wealthier customers. Outside the major metropolitan cities, few stores could afford to serve one type of clientele exclusively. However, gradually retail shops introduced innovations that would allow them to separate wealthier customers from the "riff raff." One technique was to have a window opening out onto the street from which customers could be served. This allowed the sale of goods to the common people, without encouraging them to come inside. Another solution, that came into vogue from the late sixteenth century was to invite favoured customers into a back-room of the store, where goods were permanently on display. Yet another technique that emerged around the same time was to hold a showcase of goods in the shopkeeper's private home for the benefit of wealthier clients. Samuel Pepys, for example, writing in 1660, describes being invited to the home of a retailer to view a wooden jack.[42] The eighteenth century English entrepreneurs, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, both staged expansive showcases of their wares in their private residences or in rented halls.[43] Evidence of early marketing segmentation have also been noted across Europe. A study of the German book trade found examples of both product differentiation and market segmentation in the 1820s.[44]
Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries[edit]




Henry Ford began manufacturing the mass-produced Model T in 1908. Ford famously said that customers could own a car in any colour as long as it was black.


Until the nineteenth century, Western economies were characterised by small regional suppliers who sold goods on a local or regional basis. However, as transportation systems improved from the mid nineteenth century, the economy became more unified allowing companies to distribute standardised, branded goods a national level. This gave rise to a much broader mass marketing mindset. Manufacturers tended to insist on strict standardisation in order to achieve scale economies with a view to keeping production costs down and also to achieving market penetration in the early stages of a product's life cycle.[45] The Model T Ford was an example of a product being manufactured at a price that was affordable for the burgeoning middle classes.




Haven-Mason Hall at the University of Michigan, where the first academic course in marketing was taught


In the early twentieth century, as market size increased, it became more commonplace for manufacturers to produce a variety of models pitched at different quality points designed to meet the needs of various demographic and lifestyle market segments, giving rise to the widespread practice of market segmentation and product differentation.[46] Between 1902 -1910 George B Waldron, working at Mahin's advertising agency, used tax registers, city directories and census data to show advertisers the proportion of educated versus illiterate consumers and the earning capacity of different occupations in what is believed to be the first example of demographic segmentation of a population.[47] Within little more than a decade, Paul Cherington had developed the 'ABCD' household typology - the first socio-demographic segmentation tool.[48]
When Wendell R. Smith published his now classic article, Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies in 1956, he noted that he was simply documenting marketing practices that had been observed for some time and which he described as a "natural force".[49] Other theorists agree that Smith was simply codifying implicit knowledge that had been used in marketing and brand management from the early twentieth century.[50][51]
As industry grew, the demand for skilled business professionals also grew. To meet this demand, universities began offering courses in commerce, economics and marketing. Marketing, as a discipline, was first taught in universities in the very early twentieth century.[52] However, researchers only became interested in investigating the history of marketing in the mid twentieth century. From the outset, researchers tended to identify two strands of historical research; the history of marketing practice [53] and the history of marketing thought which was fundamentally concerned with the rise of marketing education and dissecting the way that marketing was taught and studied.[6][54] Early historical studies were primarily descriptive.
History of marketing practice[edit]
The practice of marketing may have been carried out for millennia, but the modern concept of marketing as a professional practice appears to have emerged the post industrial corporate world.[55] In addition to the studies of specific cultures or time periods, discussed in the preceding section, some historians of marketing have sought to write more general histories of marketing's evolution in the modern era. To do this, historians often turn to a method known as periodisation.[56] Periodisation refers to the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete, quantified named units for the purpose of analysis or study.[57]
A key question that has preoccupied researchers is whether specific orientations or mindsets that inform key periods of marketing's evolution can be identified. Marketers disagree about the precise periods that outline marketing practice and describe the way that marketing practice has evolved over time.[58]
Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice[edit]
In the marketing literature, continuing debate surrounds the orientations or philosophies that might have informed marketing practice at different periods of time. An orientation may be defind as "the type of activity or subject that an organization seems most interested in and gives most attention to." [59] In relation to marketing orientations, the term has been defined as a "philosophy of business management." [60] or "a corporate state of mind" [61] or as an "organisation[al] culture" [62]
Hollander et al. have identified fourteen different stage theories or short periodisations as well as a total of nineteen long periodisations that have been carried out since 1957. Of these, the contributions of Robert Keith (1960) and Ronald Fullerton (1988) are the most frequently cited.[63]
Keith's periodisation[edit]




Robert Keith's marketing eras (production →selling →marketing) were based entirely on his experience at the Pillsbury Company


In 1960, Robert Keith, the then Vice President of Pillsbury,[64] set the stage for decades of controversy when he published an article entitled the "Marketing Revolution" in which he set out the way that the Pillsbury Company had shifted from a focus on production in the 1860s through to a consumer focus in the 1950s. He traced three distinct eras in Pillsbury's evolution:[65]

The production oriented era from 1869 -1930s - characterised by a 'focus on production processes'
The sales oriented era from the 1930s to the 1950s - characterised by investment in research to develop new products and advertising to persuade markets of product benefits
The marketing oriented era from the beginning of the 1950s - characterised by a focus on the customer's latent and existing needs

In addition, Keith hypothesised that a marketing control era was about to emerge. Although Keith's article explicitly documented Pillsbury's evolution, the article appears to suggest that the stages observed at Pillsbury constitute a standard or normal evolutionary path (production→sales→marketing) for most large organisations.
Keith's notion of distinct eras in the evolution of marketing practice has been widely criticised and his periodisation described as "hopelessly flawed".[66][67] Specific criticisms of Keith's tripartite periodisation include that:

It ignores historical facts about business conditions [68]
It mis-states the nature of supply and demand [68]
It slights the growth of marketing institutions [69]

The article, which is entirely based on Keith's personal recollections and did not use a single reference, is best described as anecdotal. Systematic studies carried out since Keith's work have failed to replicate Keith's periodisation. Instead, other studies suggest that many companies exhibited a marketing orientation in the nineteenth century and that the business schools were teaching marketing decades before Pillsbury adopted a marketing oriented approach.[70] Jones and Richardson also investigated historical accounts of marketing practice and found evidence for both the sales and marketing era during the so-called production era and concluded that there was no 'marketing revolution.' [71] A detailed study of the chocolate manufacturer, Rowntree, found that this company had shifted from a production orientation through to a marketing orientation by the 1930s, without having transitioned through the so-called sales orientation.[72] Other critiques of Keith's work have pointed out that the so-called production era fails to align with historical facts and have suggested that it is a myth.[73] Keith's eras have become known, somewhat cynically, as the standard chronology.[74]
Fullerton's periodisation[edit]




The English industrial revolution is often seen as a trigger for the rise of modern marketing


In 1988, Fullerton developed a more subtle and nuanced periodisation for the so-called marketing eras.[75][76] Fullerton's eras were:[73]

The era of antecedents 1500 -1750 - a long gestational period in which people were largely self-sufficient and rural; economy characterised by low levels of consumption; commerce was seen as suspicious
The era of origins 1750-1870 - precipitated by the dislocations of the English industrial revolution and the rise of a more urban population, this era is characterised by more attention to persuasive tactics designed to stimulate demand
The era of institutional development 1850-1929 - many of the large institutions and modern marketing practices emerged during this period
The era of refinement and formalisation 1930–present [1988] - further development and refinement of principles and practices developed in the preceding period

In spite of the intense criticism levelled at Keith's eras of marketing practice, his periodisation is the most frequently cited in text-books [56] and has become the accepted wisdom.[15] One content analysis of 25 introductory and advanced texts found that Keith's eras were reproduced in all but four.[77][70] Another study, which examined 15 of the top selling marketing texts, found that the although the incidence of repeating Keith's eras was waning, it had not been replaced by Fullerton's periodisation, nor any other more meaningful framework.[78]
Other periodisations[edit]
For all the controversies surrounding the so-called marketing stages or periods, Keith and others appear to have contributed a lasting legacy.[79] A study by Grundey (2010) suggests that many contemporary text-books begin with Keith's eras and expand on it by including newer concepts such as the societal marketing concept, the relationship marketing concept and the interfunctional concept, as shown in the table below.[80] More recently, Kotler and Keller added the holistic marketing concept to the list of eras in marketing.[81] Marketing theorists continue to debate whether the holistic era represents a genuine new orientation or whether it is an extension of the marketing concept.[82] Grundey summarised five different periodisations in the history of marketing, as shown in the following table, as a means of highlighting the general lack of agreement among scholars.[83]

Marketing Philosophies or Orientations Cited in Popular Texts

Dibb & Simkin, 2004 [84]
Lancaster & Reynolds, 2005 [85]
Blythe, 2005 [86]
Drummmond & Ensor, 2005 [87]
Morgan, 1996 [88]


1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Cost philosophy


2. Financial orientation
2. Sales orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product philosophy


3. Sales orientation
3. Marketing orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Production philosophy


4. Marketing orientation

4. Customer orientation
4. Financial orientation
4. Sales philosophy


5. Customer orientation

5. Societal marketing
5. Marketing orientation
5. Erratic philosophy


6. Competitor orientation

6. Relationship orientation

6. Marketing philosophy


7. Interfunctional orientation



7. Social marketing philosophy


Source: Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
Brief description of the most commonly cited periods[edit]
The general lack of agreement amongst scholars as to what constitutes clearly identifiable periods and the orientation that characterised each distinct period has spawned a lengthy list of orientations. Space prevents an exhaustive description of all periods or eras. However, the most commonly cited periods appear in the following section.
Production orientation[edit]




The production orientation is one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers


A production orientation is often proposed as the first of the so-called orientations that dominated business thought. Keith dated the production era from the 1860s to the 1930s, but other theorists argue that evidence of the production orientation can still be found in some companies or industries. Specifically Kotler and Armstrong note that the production philosophy is "one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers... [and] is still useful in some situations." [89]
The production orientation is characterised by:[90]

a focus on production, manufacturing, and efficiency
attainment of economies of scale, economies of scope, experience effects or all three
an assumption that demand exceeds supply
a mindset that is encapsulated by Say's Law; "Supply creates its own demand" or "if somebody makes a product, somebody else will want to buy it"
limited research - and largely limited to technical-product research rather than customer research
this orientation rose to prominence in an environment which had a shortage of manufactured goods relative to demand, so goods sold easily.
minimal promotion and advertising, marketing communications limited to raising awareness of the product's existence

Selling orientation[edit]




The sales orientation, often characterised by door-to-door selling is thought to have begun during the Great Depression of the 1890s and continues to this day. Pictured: A Rawleigh's salesman in 1915


The selling orientation is thought to have begun during the Great Depression and continued well into the 1950s although examples of this orientation can still be found today.[91] Kotler et al. note that the selling concept "is typically practised with unsought goods." [92]
The selling orientation is characterised by:

Aggressive selling to push products, often involving door-to-door selling
Accepting every possible sale or booking, regardless of its suitability for the business
Has a strongly transactional focus (ignores potential relationships)

The marketing orientation[edit]
The marketing orientation or the marketing concept emerged in the 1950s.
Characteristics of the marketing orientation:[93]

A thorough understanding of the customer's needs, wants and behaviours should be the focal point of all marketing decisions
Marketing efforts (sales, advertising, product management, pricing) should be integrated and in tune with the customer
New product concepts should flow from extensive market analysis and product testing

The societal marketing concept[edit]
Main article: Societal marketing
Societal marketing orientation or societal marketing concept was first proposed in the 1970s [94] by Phillip Kotler in an article published in the Harvard Business Review.[95] The societal marketing concept adopts the position that marketers have a greater social responsibility than simply satisfying customers and providing them with superior value. Instead, marketing activities should strive to benefit society's overall well-being. Marketing organisations that have embraced the societal marketing concept typically identify key stakeholder groups including: employees, customers, local communities, the wider public and government. They ensure that marketing activities do not damage the environment and are not hazardous to broader society. Societal marketing developed into sustainable marketing.
Characteristics of societal marketing:[96]

An attempt to balance corporate commitments to groups and individuals in its environment, including customers, other businesses, employees and investors.
Companies must include social and ethical considerations into their marketing practices
Consideration is given to the environment includes problems such as air, water and land pollution
Consideration is given to consumer rights, unfair pricing and ethics in advertising

Relationship orientation[edit]
Main article: Relationship marketing
Starting in the 1990s, a new stage of marketing emerged called relationship marketing. The focus of relationship marketing is on a long-term relationship that benefits both the company and the customer.[97] The relationship is based on trust and commitment, and both companies tend to shift their operating activities to be able to work more efficiently together.[98] One of the most prominent reasons for relationship marketing comes from Kotler's idea that it costs about five times more to obtain a new customer than to maintain the relationship with an existing customer.[99] A relationship marketing approach seeks to maximise the value of all the potential exchanges an organisation could have into the future.[100]
The characteristics of relationship marketing include:[101]

A focus on the relationship between seller and buyer
An investment in the lifetime of relationships (customer lifetime value) rather than single transactions
An orientation on product benefits and/or customer value
High customer service; high customer commitment; high customer contact
Quality is the concern of all
All activities are coordinated with the customer interface, including the customer's involvement in the firm’s processes
Customised offerings, where practical

Empirical support for relationship marketing as a distinct paradigm is very weak. One study suggests that relationship marketing is really a sub-component of large scale movements of the value-added process rather than a separate era or framework.[102] Some theorists suggest that marketing is moving from a relationship marketing paradigm and towards a social media paradigm where marketers have access to a more controlled environment and are able to customise offers and communications messages.[97][103]
History of marketing thought[edit]




University of Pennsylvania was among the first universities to offer courses in marketing


Dating the history of marketing thought is just as problematic as the history of markting practice. Marketing historians cannot agree on how to date the beginnings of marketing thought. Eric Shaw, for instance, suggests that a period of pre-academic marketing thought can be identified prior to 1900.[104] Other historians, on the other hand, suggest that the theory of marketing only emerged in the 20th century when the discipline began to offer courses at universities.[105] Nevertheless, the birth of marketing as a discipline is usually designated to the first decade of the twentieth century when "marketing courses" appeared in universities. In 1902, the University of Michigan offered what many believe to be the very first course in marketing.[106] In the academic year, 1904-1905, the University of Pennsylvania commenced teaching marketing. Other universities soon followed, including the Harvard Business School.[107]
Prior to the emergence of marketing courses, marketing was treated as a branch of economics and was often called applied economics. Early marketing theories were described as modifications or adaptations of economic theories.[108]
A periodisation approach[edit]
Several scholars have attempted to describe the evolution of marketing thought chronologically and to connect it with broader intellectual and academic trends. Bartels (1965) sketched an account of marketing's formative periods, and Shah and Gardner (1982) briefly considered the development of the six dominant schools in contemporary marketing. However, these initial attempts have been described as descriptive. (Savitt, 1980). One of the first theorists to consider the stages in the development of marketing thought was Robert Bartels, who in the The History of Marketing Thought, (1965) used a periodisation approach. He categorised the development of marketing theory decade by decade from the beginning of the 20th century:

1900s: discovery of basic concepts and their exploration
1910s: conceptualisation, classification and definition of terms
1920s: integration on the basis of principles
1930s: development of specialisation and variation in theory
1940s: reappraisal in the light of new demands and a more scientific approach
1950s: reconceptualisation in the light of managerialism, social development and quantitative approaches
1960s: differentiation on bases such as managerialism, holism, environmentalism, systems, and internationalism
1970s: socialisation; the adaptation of marketing to social change

A 'schools of thought' approach[edit]
Other marketing historians have eschewed the periodisation approach, and instead considered whether distinct schools within marketing reflect different facets of common theory and whether a more unifying intellectual structure has emerged. These approaches tend to identify distinct schools of thought. A school of thought refers to an intellectual tradition or a group of scholars who share a common philosophy or set of ideas.[109] Marketing historians, Shaw and Jones, define a school of thought as one that has "a substantial body of knowledge; developed by a number of scholars; and describing at least one aspect of the what, how, who, why, when and where of performing marketing activities." [110]
Of those who identify schools, there is no real agreement about which schools were dominant at different stages in marketing's development. It should be noted that two or more schools of thought can co-exist at the same time. In the following section, a brief overview of the contributions of key thinkers will be outlined with respect to the prevailing schools that have dominated marketing thought. To a certain extent, there is some agreement that in early marketing thought, three so-called traditional schools, namely the commodity school, the functional school and the institutional school co-existed.[111] Marketing historians such as Eric Shaw and Barton A. Weitz point to the publication of Wroe Alderson's book, Marketing Behavior and Executive Action (1957), as a break-point in the history of marketing thought,[112] moving from the macro functions-institutions-commodities approach to a micromarketing management paradigm. Following on from Alderson, marketing began to incorporate other fields of knowledge besides economics, notably behavioral science, becoming a multidisciplinary field. For some scholars, Alderson's book marks the beginning of the Marketing Management Era.
Hunt and Goolsby, identified four schools of thought that have dominated marketing, namely; the commodity school, the institutional school, the functional school and the managerial school.[113]

The Commodity School: A focus on different types of goods in the marketplace and how they are marketed.[114]
The Institutional School: Emphasised the functions of middlemen (or intermediaries); similar to the functional school, but with a focus on channel flows.[115]
The Functional School: A focus on the characteristics of marketing, identifying the functions and systems of marketing; adopts a systems approach.[110]
The Managerial School: A focus on the problems faced by marketing managers; focuses on the perspective of the seller.[116]

Some marketing historians like Jagdish Sheth have identified the modern "marketing schools" as:[117]

The Managerial school emerged during the late 1950s and became arguably the predominant and most influential school of thought in the field
The Consumer/buyer behavior school, which dominated the academic field in the second half of the twentieth century (apart from the Managerial school), features theories emerging from behavioral science
The Social exchange school, which focuses on exchange as the fundamental concept of marketing

Yet other commentators identify a broader range of schools. O'Malley and Lichrou, for example, document the schools as:[118]

Functional: What activities does marketing perform? Focus on intermediaries and value adding.
Commodities: How are goods classified? Focus on classification of goods; trade flows
Marketing Institutions: Who performs marketing functions on commodities? Focus on retailers, wholesalers, intermediaries, distribution channels
Marketing Management: How should marketers and managers market products and services to consumers? Business firm as seller/ supplier
Marketing Systems: What is a marketing system and how does it work? Channels of distribution and aggregate systems,
Consumer behaviour: How and why do consumers buy? organisational buyer and consumer buyer
Macro-marketing: How do marketing systems impact on society? Industries, channels, consumer movement, environmentalism
Exchange: What are the forms of exchange? Who are the parties to the exchange process? Aggregations of buyers and sellers
Marketing history: When did marketing practice and ideas emerge and evolve? Marketing thought and marketing practice

Brief description of the dominant schools of thought[edit]
The following sections briefly outlines the schools of thought as conceptualised by key thinkers in the discipline.
Marketing management[edit]
The marketing management school, which emerged as the dominant school in 1960 following the publication of Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach, written by E. Jerome McCarthy, replaced the so-called functional school which had been the dominant for the first part of the twentieth century. In the words of Hunt and Goolsby, the publication of McCarthy's text, sounded the "beginning of the end for the functional school." [119] However, Hunt and Goolsby note that the 1960s was a transitional period in which both the functional school and the managerial school co-existed.[120] Shaw and Jones have described the emergence of the managerial school in the mid twentieth century as a "paradigm shift." [121]
Key works in the marketing management tradition include Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action, (1957), Howard's Marketing Management (1957), Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints, (1957) and McCarthy's Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).[122]
Key innovations that influenced marketing practice[edit]

1450: Gutenberg's metal movable type, leading eventually to mass-production of flyers and brochures [123]
1600s: Paid advertising in Italy
1600s: Use of handbills and posters is common practice in Elizabethan England
1605: World's first newspaper published in Germany [124]
1600s and 1700s: Posters and handbills used for promotion in England [123]
1665: The Oxford Gazette first published in England (later renamed the London Gazette and still published today) [125]
1700s: Widespread emergence of newspapers and magazines in England (a future vector of niche marketing)
1719: The Daily Post first published; early instance of a periodical dedicated to business, science and innovation
1836: Paid advertising in a newspaper (in France) [123]
1839: Posters on private property banned in England [123]
1864: Earliest recorded use of the telegraph for mass unsolicited spam
1867: Earliest recorded billboard rentals
1876: Films produced by French film-makers, Auguste and Louis Lumiere, made at the request of a representative of Lever Brothers in France and feature Sunlight soap, are thought to be the first recorded instance of paid product placement.[126]
1880s: Early examples of trademarks as branding
1902: The first marketing course, taught by Edward David Jones, was offered at the University of Michigan
1905: The University of Pennsylvania offered a course in "The Marketing of Products"[127]
1908: Harvard Business School opens - Harvard was an early influence on marketing thought [128]
1920: The magazine, Variety, reports that 50% of cinemas show advertising programmes [129]
1920s: Radio advertising commences
1940s: Electronic computers developed
1941: First recorded use of television advertising
1950s: Systematization of telemarketing [130]
1957: Three key scholarly texts published Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action; Howard's Marketing Management and Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints
1960 E. Jerome McCarthy published his now classic, Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).
1970s: E-commerce developed
1980s: Development of database marketing as precursor to CRM[131]
1980s: Emergence of relationship marketing
1980s: Emergence of computer-oriented spam
1984: Introduction of guerrilla tactics
1985: Desktop publishing democratizes the production of print-advertising (precursor to consumer-generated media and content)
1991: IMC gains academic status [132]
Mid 1990s: Modern search engines started appearing in the mid-1990s, with Google making its debut in 1998 [123]
1990s CRM and IMC (in various guises and names) gain dominance in promotions and marketing planning,[133][134]
1995-2001: The Dot-com bubble temporarily re-defines[citation needed] the future of marketing
1996: Identification of viral marketing
2000s: Integrated marketing gains widespread acceptance with its first dedicated academic research centre opened in 2002[135][136]
2003 -2006: Emergence of social media. MySpace and LinkedIn emerged in 2003, Facebook in 2004 and Twitter in 2006.[123]

See also[edit]


Advertising - article is primarily about the history of advertising
Advertising management - concerned with the theories and tactics that inform the practice of advertising
Branding - article contains short history of branding
List of the oldest newspapers
Market economy - article provides a brief history and background to key thinkers
Marketing
Marketing research -article discusses the history of marketing research
Market segmentation - article provides a brief history of segmentation
Market (place) - history of marketplaces from antiquity to present day
Psychological pricing
Retail - contains a short history of retailing and marketing practices used in modern retail


Early marketing theorists[edit]


Al Ries - advertising executive, author and credited with coining the term, 'positioning' in the late 1960s
Arch Wilkinson Shaw (1876-1962) - early management theorist, proponent of the scientific approach to marketing
Charles Coolidge Parlin(1872-1942) - pioneer of market and advertising research methods
E. Jerome McCarthy - developed the concept of the 4 Ps
Edward Filene (1860-1937) - pioneer or modern retailing methods
Ernest Dichter (1907-1991) - pioneer of motivational research
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - developed the survey questionnaire for use in market research
Jack Trout - advertising executive, author and partnered with Al Ries in popularising the positioning concept
John E. Jeuck (1916-2009) - early marketing educator
Henry Charles Taylor (1873-1969) - the agricultural marketer
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - pioneer of consumer research
Neil H. Borden (1922-1962) - coined the term, 'marketing mix'
Philip Kotler (1931-) - popularised the managerial approach to marketing, prolific author
Theodore Levitt (1925-2006) - former editor of Harvard Business Review, prolific author of marketing articles and famed for his article, "Marketing Myopia"
Wroe Alderson (1898-1965) - proponent of marketing science and instrumental in developing the functional school of marketing
Jerry (Yoram) Wind - editor in chief of the Journal of Marketing and other leading journals; educator and author


References[edit]


^ Jones, Brian D. G.; Shaw, Eric H. (2006). "A History of Marketing Thought". Handbook of Marketing. Weitz, Barton A.; Wensley, Robin (editors). Sage. pp. 582 pages. ISBN 1-4129-2120-1. 
^ English Language and Usage, http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/335201/etymology-of-marketing-how-when-did-it-change-meaning
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 50
^ a b Hollander, Stanley C.; Rassuli, Kathleen M.; Jones, D. G. Brian; Dix, Laura Farlow (2005). "Periodization in Marketing History". Journal of Macromarketing. 25 (1): 32–41. doi:10.1177/0276146705274982. 
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ a b Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio, Grid, 1976
^ Etymology Dictionary Online, http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=marketing
^ https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/marketing#English
^ Berghoff, H., Scranton. P. and Spiekermann , U. (eds), The Rise of Marketing and Market Research: Worlds of Consumption, [German Historical Society], NY, Palgrave Macmillan, 2012, p. 2
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, pp 445-461
^ Dixon, D.F., "Medieval Macromarketing Thought," In Macromarketing,George Fisk and Phillip White (eds), pp 59–69. Boulder, University of Colorado Press, 1980
^ Nevett, T., "Historical Investigation and the Practice of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 55, No. 3, 1991, pp 13–24
^ Berger, A., Marketing and American Consumer Culture: A Cultural Studies Analysis, Springer, 2016
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. xxx
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, p. 39, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, p. 454-55
^ Maran, J. and Stockhammer, P.W. (eds), Materiality and Social Practice: Transformative Capacities of Intercultural Encounters, Oxford, UK, Oxbow, 2012
^ Demirdjian, Z. S., "Rise and Fall of Marketing in Mesopotamia: A Conundrum in the Cradle of Civilization," In The Future of Marketing's Past: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing, Leighton Neilson (ed.), CA, Longman, Association for Analysis and Research in Marketing, 2005
^ Clarke, J. R. in Dobbins, J. J. and Foss, P. W., The World of Pompeii, Oxford, Routledge, 2008, p. 330; Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, 1984, DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4 (Oct., 1984), DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, p. 557
^ Beard, M., The Fires of Vesuvius: Pompeii Lost and Found, Harvard University Press, 2008; See Chapter 5, "Earning a Living: Baker, Banker and Garum Maker,"
^ Wengrow, D., "Prehistories of Commodity Branding," Current Anthropology,Vol. 49, No. 1, 2008, pp. 7-34
^ Twede, D., "Commercial amphoras: The earliest consumer packages?" Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 22, No. 1, 2002, pp 98–108
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 Years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. p. 5; 23
^ Bintliff, J., "Going to Market in Antiquity," In Stuttgarter Kolloquium zur Historischen Geographie des Altertums, Eckart Olshausen and Holger Sonnabend (eds), Stuttgart, Franz Steiner, 2002, p.224
^ Braudel, F. and Reynold, S., The Wheels of Commerce: Civilization and Capitalism, 15th to 18th Century, Berkely, CA, University of California Press, 1992
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 888
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. pp 419-32.
^ Eckhardt, G.M. and Bengtsson. A. "A Brief History of Branding in China," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol, 30, no. 3, 2010, pp 210-221
^ Nair, S. R., Market Research: Text and Cases, 2nd ed., Himalaya Publishing House, 2014, p. 21 <Online: www.himpub.com/documents/Chapter873.pdf>
^ Minto, W., Daniel Defoe, Tredition Classics, [Project Gutenberg ed.], Chapter 10
^ Richetti, J., The Life of Daniel Defoe: A Critical Biography, Malden, MAm Blackwell, 2005, 2015, pp 147-49 and 158-59
^ Backscheider, P.R., 'Daniel Defoe: His Life, Baltimore, Maryland, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1989
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Tadajewski, M. and Jones, D.G.B., "Historical research in marketing theory and practice: a review essay," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 30, No. 11-12, 2014 [Special Issue: Pushing the Boundaries, Sketching the Future], pp 1239-1291
^ Flanders, J., "They Broke It," New York Times, 9 January 2009, <Online:http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/10/opinion/10flanders.html?_r=2>
^ Drake, D., "Dinnerware & Cost Accounting? The Story of Josiah Wedgwood: Potter and Cost Accountant," HQ FINANCIAL VIEWS, Volume I, 1 May–July, 2005, pp 1-3
^ Applbaum, K., The Marketing Era: From Professional Practice to Global Provisioning, Routledge, 2004, p. 126-127
^ Fullerton, R., "Segmentation in Practice: An Overview of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries," in Jones,D.G.B. and Tadajewski,M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Routledge, 2016, p. 94
^ In his oft-cited work, New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp. 4–12, Richard Tedlow outlines first three stages: fragmentation (prior to 1880), unification and the segmentation (1880-1920); segmentation era (1920s–1980s). In a subsequent work, published three years later, Tedlow and his co-author thought that they had seen evidence of a new trend and added a fourth era, termed Hyper-segmentation (post 1980s); See Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Cox, N.C. and Dannehl, K., Perceptions of Retailing in Early Modern England, Aldershot, Hampshire, Ashgate, 2007, pp. 155–59
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Fullerton, R.A., "Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspectives in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan (eds), Singapore, Association for Consumer Research, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05; Ronald A. Fullerton ,"Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspective in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, eds. Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan, Singapore : Association for Consumer Research, 1985, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05>
^ Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Tedlow, R., New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp 4-12
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 66; Lockley, L.C., "Notes on the History of Marketing Research", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 14, No. 5 (Apr., 1950), pp. 733-736 https://www.jstor.org/stable/1246952?seq=1#fndtn-page_scan_tab_contents
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 71)
^ Smith, W.R., "Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 21, No. 1 , 1956, pp. 3–8 and reprinted in Marketing Management, Vol. 4, No. 3, 1995, pp. 63–65
^ Cano, C., "The Recent Evolution of Market Segmentation Concepts and Thoughts Primarily by Marketing Academics," in E. Shaw (ed) The Romance of Marketing History, Proceedings of the 11th Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing (CHARM), Boca Ranton, FL, AHRIM, 2003.
^ Schwarzkopf, S., "Turning Trade Marks into Brands: how Advertising Agencies Created Brands in the Global Market Place, 1900–1930" CGR Working Paper, Queen Mary University, London, 18 August 2008
^ Maynard, H. H., "Marketing Courses Prior to 1910," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 5, no. 4, pp 382-384
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Maynard, H. H., "Early Teachers of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 7, No. 2, pp 158-159; Maynard, H. H., Weidler, W. C. & Beckman, T. N., Principles of Marketing, New York, The Ronald Press, 1927
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 890
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, pp 32-41, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Collins Dictionary Online, https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/periodization
^ Stowe, N. J., "Periodization of the History of Marketing Thought," In Proceedings of the First North America Workshop on Historical Research in Marketing, Stanley C. Hollander and Ronald Savitt (eds), East Lansing, Michigan State University Press, 1983, pp 1-12.
^ http://www.ldoceonline.com/dictionary/orientation
^ Mc Namara (1972) cited in Deshpande, R., Developing a Market Orientation, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 1999, p. 11
^ Kohli, A.K. and Jaworski, B.J., "Market Orientation: The Construct, Research Propositions, and Managerial Implications," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 54, April 1990, pp 1-18
^ Narver, J.C. and Slater, S.F., "The Effect of a Market Orientation on Business Profitability, " Journal of Marketing, Vol 54, no. 4, pp 20-34.
^ Hollander, S.C., Jones, D.G.B. and Dix, L., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25, no. 1, pp 33-39
^ Holloway, R.J., "Leaders in Marketing: Robert Keith," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 32, July 1968, pp 74-75
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, pp 25-26
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 75-91
^ a b Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," (originally published in Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13) and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 81
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 82
^ a b Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Richardson, A.J., "The Myth of the Marketing Revolution" Journal of Macromarketing, March 1, 2007
^ Fitzgerald, R., "Rowntree and Market Strategy: 1897-1939," Business and Economic History, Vol. 18, 1989, pp 45- 58,
^ a b Fullerton, E.A., "How Modern Is Modern Marketing? Marketing's Evolution and the Myth of the 'Production Era' ", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 52, No. 1, 1988, pp. 108-125
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Shaw, E.H., “A history of marketing thought”, in Weitz, B.A. and Wensley, R. (Eds), Handbook of Marketing, Sage, London, 2002, pp. 39-66; Shaw, E.H., “Reflections on the history of marketing thought”, Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 1 No. 2, 2009, pp. 330-345.
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1251689
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 84-86
^ Hollander, 1986
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 27
^ Olsen, B. and Costas, H., "The Periodization of Marketing: Myth or Reality? Evidence from the Scott Paper Company, " Academy of Marketing Studies Journal, Vol. 15, No. S2, 2011
^ Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
^ Kotler and Keller advanced the notion of a holistic era in Kevin Lane Keller and Philip Kotler, “Holistic Marketing: A Broad, Integrated Perspective to Marketing Management,” in Does Marketing Need Reform?, Jagdish Sheth and Raj Sisodia (eds), 2006, pp 300-305; did not include it in their 2008 publication but added it back in their most recent work; Kotler, P and Keller, K.L., A Framework for Marketing Management, 6th Global ed., Harlow, Essex, Pearson, 2016, pp 34-35
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, pp 171-172
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p.170
^ Dibb, S. and Simkin, L., Marketing Briefs: A Revision and Study Guide, 2nd ed., Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth-Heinemann, 2004.
^ Lancaster , G. and Reynolds, P. Management of Marketing, Burlington: Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Blythe, J., Essentials of Marketing, 3rd Ed., Harlow. Pearson, 2005
^ Drummond, G., Ensor, J., Introduction to Marketing Concepts, Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Morgan, R.E., "Conceptual foundations of marketing and marketing theory", Management Decision , Vol. 34, no 10, pp. 19-26, 1996
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 28
^ Kotler,P., "Marketing Management: Analysis, Planning, Implementation and Control",Prentice Hall, 1997 p.17
^ Solomon, N.R., Marshall, G. and Stuart, E., Marketing: Real People, Real Choices, 5th ed, Pearson, 2009, Chapter 1
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 29
^ McGee, L.W. and Spiro, R.L., "The Marketing Concept in Perspective," Business Horizons, May–June, 1988, pp 40-45
^ Blackwell Reference, http://www.blackwellreference.com/public/tocnode?id=g9780631233176_chunk_g978140510254422_ss1-48
^ Kotler, P., "What consumerism means for marketers", Harvard Business Review, vol. 50, no. 3, 1972, pp 48-57
^ Kotler, P and Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 9th ed., Prentice Hall; Griffin and Ebrert, Business 5th edition, Prentice Hall
^ a b White, D. Steven. "The Evolution of Marketing". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Spiro, Roseann; Gregory Rich; William Stanton (2008). Management of a Sales Force (12th ed.). McGraw-Hill Irwin. ISBN 978-0-07-352977-6. 
^ McClintic Marion, Allison. "Marketing: Historical Perspectives". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>, p. 35
^ Christopher, M., Payne, A. and Ballantyne, D., Relationship Marketing: Bringing Quality, Customer Service, and Marketing Together, Oxford: Butterworth-Heinemann, 1991, p. 9
^ Manna, D.R. and Smith, A.D., "Measuring The Theoretical Paradigm Shift From Marketing Mix To Relational Marketing," International Business & Economics Research Journal, Vol. 2, No. 11, 2000, pp 1-8
^ Peppers & Rogers Group, Relationship Marketing 3.0: Thriving in Marketing's New Ecosystem, [White Paper], 2009
^ Shaw, E.H., (2015) "Teaching the history of marketing thought: an approach", Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 7 Iss: 2
^ Bartels, R.,"The Identity Crisis in Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 38, No. 4, pp 73-76; Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio: Grid.
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, "A History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Barton A Weitz and Robin Wensley (eds), Sage, 2003, p. 52
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>
^ Ferrell, O.C., Hair J.C. Jr., Marshall, G.W. and Tamilia, R.D., "Understanding the History of Marketing Education to Improve Classroom Instruction," Marketing Education Review, Vol. 25, no. 2, p. 161, DOI:10.1080/10528008.2015.1038963
^ Business Dictionary, http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/school-of-thought.html
^ a b Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 241
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 230-
^ Bartels, Robert (1988). The History of Marketing Thought (3rd. ed.). Columbus: Publishing Horizons. 
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-37, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Ferrell, O.C., Ferrell,L. and Sawayda, J.,"A Historical Review and Reconceptualization of Commodity Marketing," in Commodity Marketing, Enke, Margit, Geigenmüller, Anja, Leischnig, Alexander (Eds), Springer, DOI: 10.1007/978-3-658-02925-8_22, pp 431-447
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 245 and 252
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 257-58
^ Sheth, J. N. and Gardner, D.M., Marketing Theory: Evolution and Evaluation, New York, Wiley, 1988
^ O'Malley, L. and Lichrou, M., "Marketing Theory," in Baker, M.J. and Hart, S., The Marketing Book, 7th ed., Routledge, Oxon, UK, 2016, pp 37-52
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf, p. 41
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, " A History of Marketing Thought," Marketing Theory, 2005; Vol. 5, No. 3, p. 239
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 60
^ a b c d e f Bennett, S., "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Strassburg, J., "1605:The Origins of the Newspaper in Europe, German History, Vol. 24, no. 3, 2006, pp 387–412, http://gh.oxfordjournals.org/content/24/3/387.abstract, doi=10.1191/0266355406gh380oa
^ Mitchell Archives, "The First True Newspaper in History," <Online: http://mitchellarchives.com/the-first-true-newspaper-in-history.htm>
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, pp 19-20
^ http://www.faculty.missouristate.edu/c/ChuckHermans/Bartels.htm
^ Jones, D. G. B. and Monieson, D.D., "Early Development of the Philosophy of Marketing Thought," In Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p.92
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, p. 20
^ Bennett, Shea, "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Jenkinson, A., "Do organisations now understand the importance of information in providing excellent customer experience?" Journal of Database Marketing & Customer Strategy Management, Vol. 13 no 4., 2006, pp 248-260
^ Schultz, D. E., "Integrated Marketing Communications: The Status of Integrated Marketing Communications Programs in the US Today," Journal of Promotion Management, Vol 1, No 1, 1991, 99-104
^ Pickton, D. and Broderick, A., Integrated Marketing Communications, 2nd ed, Financial Times/Prentice Hall, Harlow, England, 2008
^ Payne, A., Handbook of CRM: Achieving Excellence in Customer Management, Burlington, MA, Butterworth Heinemann, 2008 [Chapter 1]
^ See www.centreforintegratedmarketing.com at the University of Bedfordshire, England
^ Iacobucci, D., and Calder, B., (eds),Kellogg on Integrated Marketing, Hoboken, NJ, John Wiley & Sons, 2003


Further reading[edit]

Adage, 'History of Marketing' from the Great Depression of the 1930s, featuring highlights from AdAge articles, http://adage.com/article/ad-age-graphics/ad-age-a-history-marketing/142967
Wright, John S. and Parks B. Dimsdale, Pioneers in Marketing: A Collection of 25 Biographies of Men Who Contributed to the Growth of Marketing Thought and Action," Georgia State University, 1974
Marilyn Lavin and Thomas J. Archdeacon (1989) ,"The Relevance of Historical Method For Marketing Research", in Interpretive Consumer Research, Elizabeth C. Hirschman (ed.), Provo, UT, Association for Consumer Research, pp 60–68, <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12176/volumes/sv07/SV-07>





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_marketing&oldid=792393983"					
Categories: MarketingHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaEspañolBahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 07:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















 





History of marketing - Wikipedia






















 






History of marketing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e









The term, 'marketing', comes from the Latin, 'mercatus', meaning a marketplace. Pictured: La Boqueria, Barcelona, Spain






The Moorish Bazaar


The study of the history of marketing, as a discipline, is meaningful because it helps to define the baselines upon which change can be recognized and understand how the discipline evolves in response to those changes.[1] The practice of marketing has been known for millennia, but the term "marketing" used to describe commercial activities buying and selling a products or services came into popular use in the late nineteenth century.[2] The study of the history of marketing as an academic field emerged in the early twentieth century.[3]
Marketers tend to distinguish between the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought:

(a) the history of marketing practice refers to an investigation into the ways that marketing has been practiced; and how those practices have evolved over time as they respond to changing socio-economic conditions
(b) the history of marketing thought refers to an examination of the ways that marketing has been studied and taught

Although the history of marketing thought and the history of marketing practice are distinct fields of study, they intersect at different junctures.[4] Marketing practitioners engage in innovative practices that capture the attention of marketing scholars who codify and disseminate such practices. At the same time, marketing academics often develop new research methods or theories that are subsequently adopted by practitioners. Thus developments in marketing theory inform marketing practice and vice versa. The history of marketing will remain incomplete if one disassociates academia from practitioners.[4]
The publication, in 1960, of Robert Keith's article, "The Marketing Revolution", was a pioneering work in the study of the history of marketing practice.[5] And, in 1976, the publication of Robert Bartel's book, The History of Marketing Thought, marked a turning-point in the understanding of how marketing theory evolved since it first emerged as a separate discipline around the turn of last century.[6]



Contents


1 Marketing history: an overview

1.1 Marketing in antiquity
1.2 Marketing in the Middle Ages
1.3 Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe
1.4 Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries


2 History of marketing practice

2.1 Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice

2.1.1 Keith's periodisation
2.1.2 Fullerton's periodisation
2.1.3 Other periodisations
2.1.4 Brief description of the most commonly cited periods

2.1.4.1 Production orientation
2.1.4.2 Selling orientation
2.1.4.3 The marketing orientation
2.1.4.4 The societal marketing concept
2.1.4.5 Relationship orientation






3 History of marketing thought

3.1 A periodisation approach
3.2 A 'schools of thought' approach
3.3 Brief description of the dominant schools of thought

3.3.1 Marketing management




4 Key innovations that influenced marketing practice
5 See also

5.1 Early marketing theorists


6 References
7 Further reading



Marketing history: an overview[edit]




In pre-literate societies, the distinctive shape of amphora served some of the functions of a label, communicating information about region of origin, the name of the producer and may have carried product quality claims


According to etymologists, the term 'marketing' first appeared in dictionaries in the sixteenth century where it referred to the process of buying and selling at a market.[7] The contemporary definition of 'marketing' as a process of moving goods from producer to consumer with an emphasis on sales and advertising first appeared in dictionaries in 1897.[8] The term, marketing, is a derivation of the Latin word, mercatus meaning market or merchant.
Historians of marketing tend to fall into two distinct branches of marketing history - the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought. These branches are often deeply divided. These branches have very different roots. The history of marketing practice is based in management and marketing studies, while the history of marketing thought is based in economic and cultural history. This means that they ask very different types of research questions and employ different research tools and frameworks.[9]
Historians of marketing have undertaken considerable investigation into the emergence of marketing, yet there is little agreement about when marketing first began.[10] Some researchers argue that marketing practices can be found in antiquity [11][12][13] while others suggest that marketing, in its modern form, emerged in conjunction with the rise of consumer culture in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe [14] while yet other researchers suggest that modern marketing was only fully realised in the decades following the industrial revolution in Britain from where it subsequently spread to Europe and North America.[15] Hollander and others have suggested that the different dates for the emergence of marketing can be explained by problems surrounding the way that marketing has been defined - whether reference to 'modern marketing' as a planned, programmed repertoire of professional practice including activities such as segmentation, product differentiation, positioning and marketing communications versus 'marketing' as a simple form distribution and exchange.[16]
Marketing in antiquity[edit]




Mosaic showing garum container, from the house of Umbricius Scaurus of Pompeii. The inscription which reads "G(ari) F(los) SCO(mbri) SCAURI EX OFFI(CI)NA SCAURI" has been translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"


A number of studies have found evidence of advertising, branding, packaging and labelling in antiquity.[17][18] Umbricius Scauras, for example, was a manufacturer of fish sauce (also known as garum) in Pompeii, circa 35 C.E. Mosaic patterns in the atrium of his house were decorated with images of amphora bearing his personal brand and quality claims. The mosaic comprises four different amphora, one at each corner of the atrium, and bearing labels as follows:[19]

1. G(ari) F(los) SCO[m]/ SCAURI/ EX OFFI[ci]/NA SCAU/RI Translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"
2. LIQU[minis]/ FLOS Translated as: "The flower of Liquamen"
3. G[ari] F[los] SCOM[bri]/ SCAURI Translated as: "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus"
4. LIQUAMEN/ OPTIMUM/ EX OFFICI[n]/A SCAURI Translated as: "The best liquamen, from the shop of Scaurus"

The reputation of Scauras' fish sauce was known to be of very high quality across the Mediterannean and its reputation travelled as far away as modern France.[20] Curtis has described this mosaic as a "an advertisement... and a rare, unequivocal example of a motif inspired by a patron, rather than by the artist." [21] In Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum, archeaological evidence also points to evidence of branding and labelling in relatively common use. Wine jars, for example, were stamped with names, such as "Lassius" and "L. Eumachius;" probably references to the name of the producer. Carbonized loaves of bread, found at Herculaneum, indicate that some bakers stamped their bread with the producer's name.[22]
David Wengrow has argued that branding became necessary following the urban revolution in ancient Mesopotamia in the 4th century BCE, when large-scale economies started mass-producing commodities such as alcoholic drinks, cosmetics and textiles. These ancient societies imposed strict forms of quality control over commodities, and also needed to convey value to the consumer through branding. Producers began by attaching simple stone seals to products which over time were transformed into clay seals bearing impressed images, often associated with the producer's personal identity thus giving the product a personality.[23]
Diana Twede has argued that the "consumer packaging functions of protection, utility and communication have been necessary whenever packages were the object of transactions" (p. 107). She has shown that amphoras used in Mediterranean trade between 1500 and 500 BCE exhibited a wide variety of shapes and markings, which provided information for transactions. Systematic use of stamped labels dates from around the fourth century BCE. In a largely pre-literate society, the shape of the amphora and its pictorial markings conveyed information about the contents, region of origin and even the identity of the producer which were understood to convey information about product quality.[24] Not all historians agree that these markings can be compared with modern brands or labels. Moore and Reid, for example, have argued that the distinctive shapes and markings in ancient containers should be termed proto-brands rather than modern brands.[25]
Marketing in the Middle Ages[edit]




Market scene by Pieter Aertsen, c.1550


In England and Europe during the Middle Ages, market towns sprang up. Some analysts have suggested that the term, 'marketing,' may have first been used in the context of market towns where the term 'marketing' may have been used by producers to describe the process of carting and selling their produce and wares in market towns. Blintiff has investigated the early Medieval networks of market towns and suggests that by the 12th century there was an upsurge in the number of market towns and the emergence of merchant circuits as traders bulked up surpluses from smaller regional, different day markets and resold them at the larger centralised market towns.[26]
Braudel and Reynold have made a systematic study of these European market towns between the thirteenth and fifteenth century. Their investigation shows that in regional districts markets were held once or twice a week, while daily markets were more common in the larger cities and towns. Over time, permanent shops began to open daily and gradually supplanted the periodic markets. Peddlers filled in the gaps in distribution by travelling door-to-door selling produce and wares. The physical market was characterised by transactional exchange and the economy was characterised by local trading. Braudel reports that, in 1600, goods travelled relatively short distances - grain 5–10 miles; cattle 40–70 miles; wool and wollen cloth 20–40 miles. However, following the European age of discovery, goods were imported from afar - calico cloth from India, porcelain, silk and tea from China, spices from India and South-East Asia and tobacco, sugar, rum and coffee from the New World.[27]




Bronze plate for printing an advertisement for the Liu family needle shop at Jinan, Song dynasty China. It is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.


Although the rise of consumer culture and marketing in Britain and Europe have been studied extensively, less is known about developments elsewhere.[28] Nevertheless, recent research suggests that China exhibited a rich history of early marketing practices; including branding, packaging, advertising and retail signage.[29] From as early as 200 BCE, Chinese packaging and branding was used to signal family, place names and product quality, and the use of government imposed product branding was used between 600 and 900 AD.[30] Eckhart and Bengtsson have argued that during the Song Dynasty (960–1127), Chinese society developed a consumerist culture, where a high level of consumption was attainable for a wide variety of ordinary consumers rather than just the elite (p. 212). The rise of a consumer culture led to the commercial investment in carefully managed company image, retail signage, symbolic brands, trademark protection and the brand concepts of baoji, hao, lei, gongpin, piazi and pinpai, which roughly equate with Western concepts of family status, quality grading, and upholding traditional Chinese values (p. 219). Eckhardt and Bengtsson's analysis suggests that brands emerged in China as a result of the social needs and tensions implicit in consumer culture, in which brands provide social status and stratification. Thus, the evolution of brands in China stands in sharp contrast to the West where manufacturers pushed brands onto the market in order to differentiate, increase market share and ultimately profits (pp 218–219).
Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe[edit]




Josiah Wedgewood's 18th century techniques exhibited many of the characteristics of modern marketing


Scholars have identified specific instances of marketing practices in England and Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. As trade between countries or regions grew, companies required information on which to base business decisions. Individuals and companies carried out formal and informal research on trade conditions. In 1380, Johann Fugger travelled from Augsburg to Graben in order to gather information on the international textile industry. He exchanged detailed letters on trade conditions in relevant areas.[31] In the early 1700s British industrial houses were demanding information, that could be used for business decisions. During this period, Daniel Defoe, a London merchant, published information on trade and economic resources of England and Scotland.[32][33] Defoe was a prolific publisher and among his many publications are titles devoted to trade including; Trade of Britain Stated, 1707; Trade of Scotland with France, 1713 and The Trade to India Critically and Calmly Considered, 1720; all books that were highly popular with merchants and business houses of the period.[34] While such activities might now be recognised as marketing research, at that time they were known as 'commercial research' or 'commercial intelligence' and not seen as part of the repertoire of activities that make up contemporary marketing practice.
In a major review of consumer society, McKendrick, Brewer and Plumb found extensive evidence of eighteenth century English entrepreneurs using 'modern' marketing techniques, including product differentiation, sales promotion and loss leader pricing.[35] English industrialists, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, are often portrayed as pioneers of modern mass marketing methods.[36] Wedgewood was known to have used marketing techniques such as direct mail, travelling salesmen and catalogues in the eighteenth century.[37] Wedgewood also carried out serious investigations into the fixed and variable costs of production and recognised that increased production would lead to lower unit costs. He also inferred that selling at lower prices would lead to higher demand and recognised the value of achieving scale economies in production. By cutting costs and lowering prices, Wedgewood was able to generate higher overall profits.[38] Similarly, one of Wedgewood's contemporaries, Matthew Boulton, pioneered early mass production techniques and product differentiation at his Soho Manufactory in the 1760s. He also practiced planned obsolescence and understood the importance of 'celebrity marketing' - that is supplying the nobility, often at prices below cost and of obtaining royal patronage, for the sake of the publicity and cudos generated.[39]
Fullerton argues that the practice of market segmentation emerged well before marketers used the notion formally. [40] Certain strands of evidence suggest that simple examples of market segmentation were evident prior to the 1880s. The business historian, Richard S. Tedlow, argues that any attempt to segment markets prior to 1880 was highly fragmented since the economy was characterised by small, regional suppliers who mostly sold goods on a local or regional basis. [41] When retail shops began to appear from the 15th century, retailers needed to separate the "riff raff" from wealthier customers. Outside the major metropolitan cities, few stores could afford to serve one type of clientele exclusively. However, gradually retail shops introduced innovations that would allow them to separate wealthier customers from the "riff raff." One technique was to have a window opening out onto the street from which customers could be served. This allowed the sale of goods to the common people, without encouraging them to come inside. Another solution, that came into vogue from the late sixteenth century was to invite favoured customers into a back-room of the store, where goods were permanently on display. Yet another technique that emerged around the same time was to hold a showcase of goods in the shopkeeper's private home for the benefit of wealthier clients. Samuel Pepys, for example, writing in 1660, describes being invited to the home of a retailer to view a wooden jack.[42] The eighteenth century English entrepreneurs, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, both staged expansive showcases of their wares in their private residences or in rented halls.[43] Evidence of early marketing segmentation have also been noted across Europe. A study of the German book trade found examples of both product differentiation and market segmentation in the 1820s.[44]
Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries[edit]




Henry Ford began manufacturing the mass-produced Model T in 1908. Ford famously said that customers could own a car in any colour as long as it was black.


Until the nineteenth century, Western economies were characterised by small regional suppliers who sold goods on a local or regional basis. However, as transportation systems improved from the mid nineteenth century, the economy became more unified allowing companies to distribute standardised, branded goods a national level. This gave rise to a much broader mass marketing mindset. Manufacturers tended to insist on strict standardisation in order to achieve scale economies with a view to keeping production costs down and also to achieving market penetration in the early stages of a product's life cycle.[45] The Model T Ford was an example of a product being manufactured at a price that was affordable for the burgeoning middle classes.




Haven-Mason Hall at the University of Michigan, where the first academic course in marketing was taught


In the early twentieth century, as market size increased, it became more commonplace for manufacturers to produce a variety of models pitched at different quality points designed to meet the needs of various demographic and lifestyle market segments, giving rise to the widespread practice of market segmentation and product differentation.[46] Between 1902 -1910 George B Waldron, working at Mahin's advertising agency, used tax registers, city directories and census data to show advertisers the proportion of educated versus illiterate consumers and the earning capacity of different occupations in what is believed to be the first example of demographic segmentation of a population.[47] Within little more than a decade, Paul Cherington had developed the 'ABCD' household typology - the first socio-demographic segmentation tool.[48]
When Wendell R. Smith published his now classic article, Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies in 1956, he noted that he was simply documenting marketing practices that had been observed for some time and which he described as a "natural force".[49] Other theorists agree that Smith was simply codifying implicit knowledge that had been used in marketing and brand management from the early twentieth century.[50][51]
As industry grew, the demand for skilled business professionals also grew. To meet this demand, universities began offering courses in commerce, economics and marketing. Marketing, as a discipline, was first taught in universities in the very early twentieth century.[52] However, researchers only became interested in investigating the history of marketing in the mid twentieth century. From the outset, researchers tended to identify two strands of historical research; the history of marketing practice [53] and the history of marketing thought which was fundamentally concerned with the rise of marketing education and dissecting the way that marketing was taught and studied.[6][54] Early historical studies were primarily descriptive.
History of marketing practice[edit]
The practice of marketing may have been carried out for millennia, but the modern concept of marketing as a professional practice appears to have emerged the post industrial corporate world.[55] In addition to the studies of specific cultures or time periods, discussed in the preceding section, some historians of marketing have sought to write more general histories of marketing's evolution in the modern era. To do this, historians often turn to a method known as periodisation.[56] Periodisation refers to the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete, quantified named units for the purpose of analysis or study.[57]
A key question that has preoccupied researchers is whether specific orientations or mindsets that inform key periods of marketing's evolution can be identified. Marketers disagree about the precise periods that outline marketing practice and describe the way that marketing practice has evolved over time.[58]
Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice[edit]
In the marketing literature, continuing debate surrounds the orientations or philosophies that might have informed marketing practice at different periods of time. An orientation may be defind as "the type of activity or subject that an organization seems most interested in and gives most attention to." [59] In relation to marketing orientations, the term has been defined as a "philosophy of business management." [60] or "a corporate state of mind" [61] or as an "organisation[al] culture" [62]
Hollander et al. have identified fourteen different stage theories or short periodisations as well as a total of nineteen long periodisations that have been carried out since 1957. Of these, the contributions of Robert Keith (1960) and Ronald Fullerton (1988) are the most frequently cited.[63]
Keith's periodisation[edit]




Robert Keith's marketing eras (production →selling →marketing) were based entirely on his experience at the Pillsbury Company


In 1960, Robert Keith, the then Vice President of Pillsbury,[64] set the stage for decades of controversy when he published an article entitled the "Marketing Revolution" in which he set out the way that the Pillsbury Company had shifted from a focus on production in the 1860s through to a consumer focus in the 1950s. He traced three distinct eras in Pillsbury's evolution:[65]

The production oriented era from 1869 -1930s - characterised by a 'focus on production processes'
The sales oriented era from the 1930s to the 1950s - characterised by investment in research to develop new products and advertising to persuade markets of product benefits
The marketing oriented era from the beginning of the 1950s - characterised by a focus on the customer's latent and existing needs

In addition, Keith hypothesised that a marketing control era was about to emerge. Although Keith's article explicitly documented Pillsbury's evolution, the article appears to suggest that the stages observed at Pillsbury constitute a standard or normal evolutionary path (production→sales→marketing) for most large organisations.
Keith's notion of distinct eras in the evolution of marketing practice has been widely criticised and his periodisation described as "hopelessly flawed".[66][67] Specific criticisms of Keith's tripartite periodisation include that:

It ignores historical facts about business conditions [68]
It mis-states the nature of supply and demand [68]
It slights the growth of marketing institutions [69]

The article, which is entirely based on Keith's personal recollections and did not use a single reference, is best described as anecdotal. Systematic studies carried out since Keith's work have failed to replicate Keith's periodisation. Instead, other studies suggest that many companies exhibited a marketing orientation in the nineteenth century and that the business schools were teaching marketing decades before Pillsbury adopted a marketing oriented approach.[70] Jones and Richardson also investigated historical accounts of marketing practice and found evidence for both the sales and marketing era during the so-called production era and concluded that there was no 'marketing revolution.' [71] A detailed study of the chocolate manufacturer, Rowntree, found that this company had shifted from a production orientation through to a marketing orientation by the 1930s, without having transitioned through the so-called sales orientation.[72] Other critiques of Keith's work have pointed out that the so-called production era fails to align with historical facts and have suggested that it is a myth.[73] Keith's eras have become known, somewhat cynically, as the standard chronology.[74]
Fullerton's periodisation[edit]




The English industrial revolution is often seen as a trigger for the rise of modern marketing


In 1988, Fullerton developed a more subtle and nuanced periodisation for the so-called marketing eras.[75][76] Fullerton's eras were:[73]

The era of antecedents 1500 -1750 - a long gestational period in which people were largely self-sufficient and rural; economy characterised by low levels of consumption; commerce was seen as suspicious
The era of origins 1750-1870 - precipitated by the dislocations of the English industrial revolution and the rise of a more urban population, this era is characterised by more attention to persuasive tactics designed to stimulate demand
The era of institutional development 1850-1929 - many of the large institutions and modern marketing practices emerged during this period
The era of refinement and formalisation 1930–present [1988] - further development and refinement of principles and practices developed in the preceding period

In spite of the intense criticism levelled at Keith's eras of marketing practice, his periodisation is the most frequently cited in text-books [56] and has become the accepted wisdom.[15] One content analysis of 25 introductory and advanced texts found that Keith's eras were reproduced in all but four.[77][70] Another study, which examined 15 of the top selling marketing texts, found that the although the incidence of repeating Keith's eras was waning, it had not been replaced by Fullerton's periodisation, nor any other more meaningful framework.[78]
Other periodisations[edit]
For all the controversies surrounding the so-called marketing stages or periods, Keith and others appear to have contributed a lasting legacy.[79] A study by Grundey (2010) suggests that many contemporary text-books begin with Keith's eras and expand on it by including newer concepts such as the societal marketing concept, the relationship marketing concept and the interfunctional concept, as shown in the table below.[80] More recently, Kotler and Keller added the holistic marketing concept to the list of eras in marketing.[81] Marketing theorists continue to debate whether the holistic era represents a genuine new orientation or whether it is an extension of the marketing concept.[82] Grundey summarised five different periodisations in the history of marketing, as shown in the following table, as a means of highlighting the general lack of agreement among scholars.[83]

Marketing Philosophies or Orientations Cited in Popular Texts

Dibb & Simkin, 2004 [84]
Lancaster & Reynolds, 2005 [85]
Blythe, 2005 [86]
Drummmond & Ensor, 2005 [87]
Morgan, 1996 [88]


1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Cost philosophy


2. Financial orientation
2. Sales orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product philosophy


3. Sales orientation
3. Marketing orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Production philosophy


4. Marketing orientation

4. Customer orientation
4. Financial orientation
4. Sales philosophy


5. Customer orientation

5. Societal marketing
5. Marketing orientation
5. Erratic philosophy


6. Competitor orientation

6. Relationship orientation

6. Marketing philosophy


7. Interfunctional orientation



7. Social marketing philosophy


Source: Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
Brief description of the most commonly cited periods[edit]
The general lack of agreement amongst scholars as to what constitutes clearly identifiable periods and the orientation that characterised each distinct period has spawned a lengthy list of orientations. Space prevents an exhaustive description of all periods or eras. However, the most commonly cited periods appear in the following section.
Production orientation[edit]




The production orientation is one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers


A production orientation is often proposed as the first of the so-called orientations that dominated business thought. Keith dated the production era from the 1860s to the 1930s, but other theorists argue that evidence of the production orientation can still be found in some companies or industries. Specifically Kotler and Armstrong note that the production philosophy is "one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers... [and] is still useful in some situations." [89]
The production orientation is characterised by:[90]

a focus on production, manufacturing, and efficiency
attainment of economies of scale, economies of scope, experience effects or all three
an assumption that demand exceeds supply
a mindset that is encapsulated by Say's Law; "Supply creates its own demand" or "if somebody makes a product, somebody else will want to buy it"
limited research - and largely limited to technical-product research rather than customer research
this orientation rose to prominence in an environment which had a shortage of manufactured goods relative to demand, so goods sold easily.
minimal promotion and advertising, marketing communications limited to raising awareness of the product's existence

Selling orientation[edit]




The sales orientation, often characterised by door-to-door selling is thought to have begun during the Great Depression of the 1890s and continues to this day. Pictured: A Rawleigh's salesman in 1915


The selling orientation is thought to have begun during the Great Depression and continued well into the 1950s although examples of this orientation can still be found today.[91] Kotler et al. note that the selling concept "is typically practised with unsought goods." [92]
The selling orientation is characterised by:

Aggressive selling to push products, often involving door-to-door selling
Accepting every possible sale or booking, regardless of its suitability for the business
Has a strongly transactional focus (ignores potential relationships)

The marketing orientation[edit]
The marketing orientation or the marketing concept emerged in the 1950s.
Characteristics of the marketing orientation:[93]

A thorough understanding of the customer's needs, wants and behaviours should be the focal point of all marketing decisions
Marketing efforts (sales, advertising, product management, pricing) should be integrated and in tune with the customer
New product concepts should flow from extensive market analysis and product testing

The societal marketing concept[edit]
Main article: Societal marketing
Societal marketing orientation or societal marketing concept was first proposed in the 1970s [94] by Phillip Kotler in an article published in the Harvard Business Review.[95] The societal marketing concept adopts the position that marketers have a greater social responsibility than simply satisfying customers and providing them with superior value. Instead, marketing activities should strive to benefit society's overall well-being. Marketing organisations that have embraced the societal marketing concept typically identify key stakeholder groups including: employees, customers, local communities, the wider public and government. They ensure that marketing activities do not damage the environment and are not hazardous to broader society. Societal marketing developed into sustainable marketing.
Characteristics of societal marketing:[96]

An attempt to balance corporate commitments to groups and individuals in its environment, including customers, other businesses, employees and investors.
Companies must include social and ethical considerations into their marketing practices
Consideration is given to the environment includes problems such as air, water and land pollution
Consideration is given to consumer rights, unfair pricing and ethics in advertising

Relationship orientation[edit]
Main article: Relationship marketing
Starting in the 1990s, a new stage of marketing emerged called relationship marketing. The focus of relationship marketing is on a long-term relationship that benefits both the company and the customer.[97] The relationship is based on trust and commitment, and both companies tend to shift their operating activities to be able to work more efficiently together.[98] One of the most prominent reasons for relationship marketing comes from Kotler's idea that it costs about five times more to obtain a new customer than to maintain the relationship with an existing customer.[99] A relationship marketing approach seeks to maximise the value of all the potential exchanges an organisation could have into the future.[100]
The characteristics of relationship marketing include:[101]

A focus on the relationship between seller and buyer
An investment in the lifetime of relationships (customer lifetime value) rather than single transactions
An orientation on product benefits and/or customer value
High customer service; high customer commitment; high customer contact
Quality is the concern of all
All activities are coordinated with the customer interface, including the customer's involvement in the firm’s processes
Customised offerings, where practical

Empirical support for relationship marketing as a distinct paradigm is very weak. One study suggests that relationship marketing is really a sub-component of large scale movements of the value-added process rather than a separate era or framework.[102] Some theorists suggest that marketing is moving from a relationship marketing paradigm and towards a social media paradigm where marketers have access to a more controlled environment and are able to customise offers and communications messages.[97][103]
History of marketing thought[edit]




University of Pennsylvania was among the first universities to offer courses in marketing


Dating the history of marketing thought is just as problematic as the history of markting practice. Marketing historians cannot agree on how to date the beginnings of marketing thought. Eric Shaw, for instance, suggests that a period of pre-academic marketing thought can be identified prior to 1900.[104] Other historians, on the other hand, suggest that the theory of marketing only emerged in the 20th century when the discipline began to offer courses at universities.[105] Nevertheless, the birth of marketing as a discipline is usually designated to the first decade of the twentieth century when "marketing courses" appeared in universities. In 1902, the University of Michigan offered what many believe to be the very first course in marketing.[106] In the academic year, 1904-1905, the University of Pennsylvania commenced teaching marketing. Other universities soon followed, including the Harvard Business School.[107]
Prior to the emergence of marketing courses, marketing was treated as a branch of economics and was often called applied economics. Early marketing theories were described as modifications or adaptations of economic theories.[108]
A periodisation approach[edit]
Several scholars have attempted to describe the evolution of marketing thought chronologically and to connect it with broader intellectual and academic trends. Bartels (1965) sketched an account of marketing's formative periods, and Shah and Gardner (1982) briefly considered the development of the six dominant schools in contemporary marketing. However, these initial attempts have been described as descriptive. (Savitt, 1980). One of the first theorists to consider the stages in the development of marketing thought was Robert Bartels, who in the The History of Marketing Thought, (1965) used a periodisation approach. He categorised the development of marketing theory decade by decade from the beginning of the 20th century:

1900s: discovery of basic concepts and their exploration
1910s: conceptualisation, classification and definition of terms
1920s: integration on the basis of principles
1930s: development of specialisation and variation in theory
1940s: reappraisal in the light of new demands and a more scientific approach
1950s: reconceptualisation in the light of managerialism, social development and quantitative approaches
1960s: differentiation on bases such as managerialism, holism, environmentalism, systems, and internationalism
1970s: socialisation; the adaptation of marketing to social change

A 'schools of thought' approach[edit]
Other marketing historians have eschewed the periodisation approach, and instead considered whether distinct schools within marketing reflect different facets of common theory and whether a more unifying intellectual structure has emerged. These approaches tend to identify distinct schools of thought. A school of thought refers to an intellectual tradition or a group of scholars who share a common philosophy or set of ideas.[109] Marketing historians, Shaw and Jones, define a school of thought as one that has "a substantial body of knowledge; developed by a number of scholars; and describing at least one aspect of the what, how, who, why, when and where of performing marketing activities." [110]
Of those who identify schools, there is no real agreement about which schools were dominant at different stages in marketing's development. It should be noted that two or more schools of thought can co-exist at the same time. In the following section, a brief overview of the contributions of key thinkers will be outlined with respect to the prevailing schools that have dominated marketing thought. To a certain extent, there is some agreement that in early marketing thought, three so-called traditional schools, namely the commodity school, the functional school and the institutional school co-existed.[111] Marketing historians such as Eric Shaw and Barton A. Weitz point to the publication of Wroe Alderson's book, Marketing Behavior and Executive Action (1957), as a break-point in the history of marketing thought,[112] moving from the macro functions-institutions-commodities approach to a micromarketing management paradigm. Following on from Alderson, marketing began to incorporate other fields of knowledge besides economics, notably behavioral science, becoming a multidisciplinary field. For some scholars, Alderson's book marks the beginning of the Marketing Management Era.
Hunt and Goolsby, identified four schools of thought that have dominated marketing, namely; the commodity school, the institutional school, the functional school and the managerial school.[113]

The Commodity School: A focus on different types of goods in the marketplace and how they are marketed.[114]
The Institutional School: Emphasised the functions of middlemen (or intermediaries); similar to the functional school, but with a focus on channel flows.[115]
The Functional School: A focus on the characteristics of marketing, identifying the functions and systems of marketing; adopts a systems approach.[110]
The Managerial School: A focus on the problems faced by marketing managers; focuses on the perspective of the seller.[116]

Some marketing historians like Jagdish Sheth have identified the modern "marketing schools" as:[117]

The Managerial school emerged during the late 1950s and became arguably the predominant and most influential school of thought in the field
The Consumer/buyer behavior school, which dominated the academic field in the second half of the twentieth century (apart from the Managerial school), features theories emerging from behavioral science
The Social exchange school, which focuses on exchange as the fundamental concept of marketing

Yet other commentators identify a broader range of schools. O'Malley and Lichrou, for example, document the schools as:[118]

Functional: What activities does marketing perform? Focus on intermediaries and value adding.
Commodities: How are goods classified? Focus on classification of goods; trade flows
Marketing Institutions: Who performs marketing functions on commodities? Focus on retailers, wholesalers, intermediaries, distribution channels
Marketing Management: How should marketers and managers market products and services to consumers? Business firm as seller/ supplier
Marketing Systems: What is a marketing system and how does it work? Channels of distribution and aggregate systems,
Consumer behaviour: How and why do consumers buy? organisational buyer and consumer buyer
Macro-marketing: How do marketing systems impact on society? Industries, channels, consumer movement, environmentalism
Exchange: What are the forms of exchange? Who are the parties to the exchange process? Aggregations of buyers and sellers
Marketing history: When did marketing practice and ideas emerge and evolve? Marketing thought and marketing practice

Brief description of the dominant schools of thought[edit]
The following sections briefly outlines the schools of thought as conceptualised by key thinkers in the discipline.
Marketing management[edit]
The marketing management school, which emerged as the dominant school in 1960 following the publication of Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach, written by E. Jerome McCarthy, replaced the so-called functional school which had been the dominant for the first part of the twentieth century. In the words of Hunt and Goolsby, the publication of McCarthy's text, sounded the "beginning of the end for the functional school." [119] However, Hunt and Goolsby note that the 1960s was a transitional period in which both the functional school and the managerial school co-existed.[120] Shaw and Jones have described the emergence of the managerial school in the mid twentieth century as a "paradigm shift." [121]
Key works in the marketing management tradition include Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action, (1957), Howard's Marketing Management (1957), Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints, (1957) and McCarthy's Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).[122]
Key innovations that influenced marketing practice[edit]

1450: Gutenberg's metal movable type, leading eventually to mass-production of flyers and brochures [123]
1600s: Paid advertising in Italy
1600s: Use of handbills and posters is common practice in Elizabethan England
1605: World's first newspaper published in Germany [124]
1600s and 1700s: Posters and handbills used for promotion in England [123]
1665: The Oxford Gazette first published in England (later renamed the London Gazette and still published today) [125]
1700s: Widespread emergence of newspapers and magazines in England (a future vector of niche marketing)
1719: The Daily Post first published; early instance of a periodical dedicated to business, science and innovation
1836: Paid advertising in a newspaper (in France) [123]
1839: Posters on private property banned in England [123]
1864: Earliest recorded use of the telegraph for mass unsolicited spam
1867: Earliest recorded billboard rentals
1876: Films produced by French film-makers, Auguste and Louis Lumiere, made at the request of a representative of Lever Brothers in France and feature Sunlight soap, are thought to be the first recorded instance of paid product placement.[126]
1880s: Early examples of trademarks as branding
1902: The first marketing course, taught by Edward David Jones, was offered at the University of Michigan
1905: The University of Pennsylvania offered a course in "The Marketing of Products"[127]
1908: Harvard Business School opens - Harvard was an early influence on marketing thought [128]
1920: The magazine, Variety, reports that 50% of cinemas show advertising programmes [129]
1920s: Radio advertising commences
1940s: Electronic computers developed
1941: First recorded use of television advertising
1950s: Systematization of telemarketing [130]
1957: Three key scholarly texts published Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action; Howard's Marketing Management and Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints
1960 E. Jerome McCarthy published his now classic, Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).
1970s: E-commerce developed
1980s: Development of database marketing as precursor to CRM[131]
1980s: Emergence of relationship marketing
1980s: Emergence of computer-oriented spam
1984: Introduction of guerrilla tactics
1985: Desktop publishing democratizes the production of print-advertising (precursor to consumer-generated media and content)
1991: IMC gains academic status [132]
Mid 1990s: Modern search engines started appearing in the mid-1990s, with Google making its debut in 1998 [123]
1990s CRM and IMC (in various guises and names) gain dominance in promotions and marketing planning,[133][134]
1995-2001: The Dot-com bubble temporarily re-defines[citation needed] the future of marketing
1996: Identification of viral marketing
2000s: Integrated marketing gains widespread acceptance with its first dedicated academic research centre opened in 2002[135][136]
2003 -2006: Emergence of social media. MySpace and LinkedIn emerged in 2003, Facebook in 2004 and Twitter in 2006.[123]

See also[edit]


Advertising - article is primarily about the history of advertising
Advertising management - concerned with the theories and tactics that inform the practice of advertising
Branding - article contains short history of branding
List of the oldest newspapers
Market economy - article provides a brief history and background to key thinkers
Marketing
Marketing research -article discusses the history of marketing research
Market segmentation - article provides a brief history of segmentation
Market (place) - history of marketplaces from antiquity to present day
Psychological pricing
Retail - contains a short history of retailing and marketing practices used in modern retail


Early marketing theorists[edit]


Al Ries - advertising executive, author and credited with coining the term, 'positioning' in the late 1960s
Arch Wilkinson Shaw (1876-1962) - early management theorist, proponent of the scientific approach to marketing
Charles Coolidge Parlin(1872-1942) - pioneer of market and advertising research methods
E. Jerome McCarthy - developed the concept of the 4 Ps
Edward Filene (1860-1937) - pioneer or modern retailing methods
Ernest Dichter (1907-1991) - pioneer of motivational research
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - developed the survey questionnaire for use in market research
Jack Trout - advertising executive, author and partnered with Al Ries in popularising the positioning concept
John E. Jeuck (1916-2009) - early marketing educator
Henry Charles Taylor (1873-1969) - the agricultural marketer
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - pioneer of consumer research
Neil H. Borden (1922-1962) - coined the term, 'marketing mix'
Philip Kotler (1931-) - popularised the managerial approach to marketing, prolific author
Theodore Levitt (1925-2006) - former editor of Harvard Business Review, prolific author of marketing articles and famed for his article, "Marketing Myopia"
Wroe Alderson (1898-1965) - proponent of marketing science and instrumental in developing the functional school of marketing
Jerry (Yoram) Wind - editor in chief of the Journal of Marketing and other leading journals; educator and author


References[edit]


^ Jones, Brian D. G.; Shaw, Eric H. (2006). "A History of Marketing Thought". Handbook of Marketing. Weitz, Barton A.; Wensley, Robin (editors). Sage. pp. 582 pages. ISBN 1-4129-2120-1. 
^ English Language and Usage, http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/335201/etymology-of-marketing-how-when-did-it-change-meaning
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 50
^ a b Hollander, Stanley C.; Rassuli, Kathleen M.; Jones, D. G. Brian; Dix, Laura Farlow (2005). "Periodization in Marketing History". Journal of Macromarketing. 25 (1): 32–41. doi:10.1177/0276146705274982. 
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ a b Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio, Grid, 1976
^ Etymology Dictionary Online, http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=marketing
^ https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/marketing#English
^ Berghoff, H., Scranton. P. and Spiekermann , U. (eds), The Rise of Marketing and Market Research: Worlds of Consumption, [German Historical Society], NY, Palgrave Macmillan, 2012, p. 2
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, pp 445-461
^ Dixon, D.F., "Medieval Macromarketing Thought," In Macromarketing,George Fisk and Phillip White (eds), pp 59–69. Boulder, University of Colorado Press, 1980
^ Nevett, T., "Historical Investigation and the Practice of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 55, No. 3, 1991, pp 13–24
^ Berger, A., Marketing and American Consumer Culture: A Cultural Studies Analysis, Springer, 2016
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. xxx
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, p. 39, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, p. 454-55
^ Maran, J. and Stockhammer, P.W. (eds), Materiality and Social Practice: Transformative Capacities of Intercultural Encounters, Oxford, UK, Oxbow, 2012
^ Demirdjian, Z. S., "Rise and Fall of Marketing in Mesopotamia: A Conundrum in the Cradle of Civilization," In The Future of Marketing's Past: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing, Leighton Neilson (ed.), CA, Longman, Association for Analysis and Research in Marketing, 2005
^ Clarke, J. R. in Dobbins, J. J. and Foss, P. W., The World of Pompeii, Oxford, Routledge, 2008, p. 330; Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, 1984, DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4 (Oct., 1984), DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, p. 557
^ Beard, M., The Fires of Vesuvius: Pompeii Lost and Found, Harvard University Press, 2008; See Chapter 5, "Earning a Living: Baker, Banker and Garum Maker,"
^ Wengrow, D., "Prehistories of Commodity Branding," Current Anthropology,Vol. 49, No. 1, 2008, pp. 7-34
^ Twede, D., "Commercial amphoras: The earliest consumer packages?" Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 22, No. 1, 2002, pp 98–108
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 Years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. p. 5; 23
^ Bintliff, J., "Going to Market in Antiquity," In Stuttgarter Kolloquium zur Historischen Geographie des Altertums, Eckart Olshausen and Holger Sonnabend (eds), Stuttgart, Franz Steiner, 2002, p.224
^ Braudel, F. and Reynold, S., The Wheels of Commerce: Civilization and Capitalism, 15th to 18th Century, Berkely, CA, University of California Press, 1992
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 888
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. pp 419-32.
^ Eckhardt, G.M. and Bengtsson. A. "A Brief History of Branding in China," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol, 30, no. 3, 2010, pp 210-221
^ Nair, S. R., Market Research: Text and Cases, 2nd ed., Himalaya Publishing House, 2014, p. 21 <Online: www.himpub.com/documents/Chapter873.pdf>
^ Minto, W., Daniel Defoe, Tredition Classics, [Project Gutenberg ed.], Chapter 10
^ Richetti, J., The Life of Daniel Defoe: A Critical Biography, Malden, MAm Blackwell, 2005, 2015, pp 147-49 and 158-59
^ Backscheider, P.R., 'Daniel Defoe: His Life, Baltimore, Maryland, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1989
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Tadajewski, M. and Jones, D.G.B., "Historical research in marketing theory and practice: a review essay," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 30, No. 11-12, 2014 [Special Issue: Pushing the Boundaries, Sketching the Future], pp 1239-1291
^ Flanders, J., "They Broke It," New York Times, 9 January 2009, <Online:http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/10/opinion/10flanders.html?_r=2>
^ Drake, D., "Dinnerware & Cost Accounting? The Story of Josiah Wedgwood: Potter and Cost Accountant," HQ FINANCIAL VIEWS, Volume I, 1 May–July, 2005, pp 1-3
^ Applbaum, K., The Marketing Era: From Professional Practice to Global Provisioning, Routledge, 2004, p. 126-127
^ Fullerton, R., "Segmentation in Practice: An Overview of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries," in Jones,D.G.B. and Tadajewski,M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Routledge, 2016, p. 94
^ In his oft-cited work, New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp. 4–12, Richard Tedlow outlines first three stages: fragmentation (prior to 1880), unification and the segmentation (1880-1920); segmentation era (1920s–1980s). In a subsequent work, published three years later, Tedlow and his co-author thought that they had seen evidence of a new trend and added a fourth era, termed Hyper-segmentation (post 1980s); See Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Cox, N.C. and Dannehl, K., Perceptions of Retailing in Early Modern England, Aldershot, Hampshire, Ashgate, 2007, pp. 155–59
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Fullerton, R.A., "Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspectives in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan (eds), Singapore, Association for Consumer Research, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05; Ronald A. Fullerton ,"Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspective in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, eds. Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan, Singapore : Association for Consumer Research, 1985, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05>
^ Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Tedlow, R., New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp 4-12
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 66; Lockley, L.C., "Notes on the History of Marketing Research", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 14, No. 5 (Apr., 1950), pp. 733-736 https://www.jstor.org/stable/1246952?seq=1#fndtn-page_scan_tab_contents
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 71)
^ Smith, W.R., "Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 21, No. 1 , 1956, pp. 3–8 and reprinted in Marketing Management, Vol. 4, No. 3, 1995, pp. 63–65
^ Cano, C., "The Recent Evolution of Market Segmentation Concepts and Thoughts Primarily by Marketing Academics," in E. Shaw (ed) The Romance of Marketing History, Proceedings of the 11th Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing (CHARM), Boca Ranton, FL, AHRIM, 2003.
^ Schwarzkopf, S., "Turning Trade Marks into Brands: how Advertising Agencies Created Brands in the Global Market Place, 1900–1930" CGR Working Paper, Queen Mary University, London, 18 August 2008
^ Maynard, H. H., "Marketing Courses Prior to 1910," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 5, no. 4, pp 382-384
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Maynard, H. H., "Early Teachers of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 7, No. 2, pp 158-159; Maynard, H. H., Weidler, W. C. & Beckman, T. N., Principles of Marketing, New York, The Ronald Press, 1927
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 890
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, pp 32-41, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Collins Dictionary Online, https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/periodization
^ Stowe, N. J., "Periodization of the History of Marketing Thought," In Proceedings of the First North America Workshop on Historical Research in Marketing, Stanley C. Hollander and Ronald Savitt (eds), East Lansing, Michigan State University Press, 1983, pp 1-12.
^ http://www.ldoceonline.com/dictionary/orientation
^ Mc Namara (1972) cited in Deshpande, R., Developing a Market Orientation, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 1999, p. 11
^ Kohli, A.K. and Jaworski, B.J., "Market Orientation: The Construct, Research Propositions, and Managerial Implications," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 54, April 1990, pp 1-18
^ Narver, J.C. and Slater, S.F., "The Effect of a Market Orientation on Business Profitability, " Journal of Marketing, Vol 54, no. 4, pp 20-34.
^ Hollander, S.C., Jones, D.G.B. and Dix, L., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25, no. 1, pp 33-39
^ Holloway, R.J., "Leaders in Marketing: Robert Keith," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 32, July 1968, pp 74-75
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, pp 25-26
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 75-91
^ a b Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," (originally published in Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13) and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 81
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 82
^ a b Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Richardson, A.J., "The Myth of the Marketing Revolution" Journal of Macromarketing, March 1, 2007
^ Fitzgerald, R., "Rowntree and Market Strategy: 1897-1939," Business and Economic History, Vol. 18, 1989, pp 45- 58,
^ a b Fullerton, E.A., "How Modern Is Modern Marketing? Marketing's Evolution and the Myth of the 'Production Era' ", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 52, No. 1, 1988, pp. 108-125
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Shaw, E.H., “A history of marketing thought”, in Weitz, B.A. and Wensley, R. (Eds), Handbook of Marketing, Sage, London, 2002, pp. 39-66; Shaw, E.H., “Reflections on the history of marketing thought”, Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 1 No. 2, 2009, pp. 330-345.
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1251689
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 84-86
^ Hollander, 1986
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 27
^ Olsen, B. and Costas, H., "The Periodization of Marketing: Myth or Reality? Evidence from the Scott Paper Company, " Academy of Marketing Studies Journal, Vol. 15, No. S2, 2011
^ Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
^ Kotler and Keller advanced the notion of a holistic era in Kevin Lane Keller and Philip Kotler, “Holistic Marketing: A Broad, Integrated Perspective to Marketing Management,” in Does Marketing Need Reform?, Jagdish Sheth and Raj Sisodia (eds), 2006, pp 300-305; did not include it in their 2008 publication but added it back in their most recent work; Kotler, P and Keller, K.L., A Framework for Marketing Management, 6th Global ed., Harlow, Essex, Pearson, 2016, pp 34-35
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, pp 171-172
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p.170
^ Dibb, S. and Simkin, L., Marketing Briefs: A Revision and Study Guide, 2nd ed., Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth-Heinemann, 2004.
^ Lancaster , G. and Reynolds, P. Management of Marketing, Burlington: Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Blythe, J., Essentials of Marketing, 3rd Ed., Harlow. Pearson, 2005
^ Drummond, G., Ensor, J., Introduction to Marketing Concepts, Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Morgan, R.E., "Conceptual foundations of marketing and marketing theory", Management Decision , Vol. 34, no 10, pp. 19-26, 1996
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 28
^ Kotler,P., "Marketing Management: Analysis, Planning, Implementation and Control",Prentice Hall, 1997 p.17
^ Solomon, N.R., Marshall, G. and Stuart, E., Marketing: Real People, Real Choices, 5th ed, Pearson, 2009, Chapter 1
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 29
^ McGee, L.W. and Spiro, R.L., "The Marketing Concept in Perspective," Business Horizons, May–June, 1988, pp 40-45
^ Blackwell Reference, http://www.blackwellreference.com/public/tocnode?id=g9780631233176_chunk_g978140510254422_ss1-48
^ Kotler, P., "What consumerism means for marketers", Harvard Business Review, vol. 50, no. 3, 1972, pp 48-57
^ Kotler, P and Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 9th ed., Prentice Hall; Griffin and Ebrert, Business 5th edition, Prentice Hall
^ a b White, D. Steven. "The Evolution of Marketing". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Spiro, Roseann; Gregory Rich; William Stanton (2008). Management of a Sales Force (12th ed.). McGraw-Hill Irwin. ISBN 978-0-07-352977-6. 
^ McClintic Marion, Allison. "Marketing: Historical Perspectives". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>, p. 35
^ Christopher, M., Payne, A. and Ballantyne, D., Relationship Marketing: Bringing Quality, Customer Service, and Marketing Together, Oxford: Butterworth-Heinemann, 1991, p. 9
^ Manna, D.R. and Smith, A.D., "Measuring The Theoretical Paradigm Shift From Marketing Mix To Relational Marketing," International Business & Economics Research Journal, Vol. 2, No. 11, 2000, pp 1-8
^ Peppers & Rogers Group, Relationship Marketing 3.0: Thriving in Marketing's New Ecosystem, [White Paper], 2009
^ Shaw, E.H., (2015) "Teaching the history of marketing thought: an approach", Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 7 Iss: 2
^ Bartels, R.,"The Identity Crisis in Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 38, No. 4, pp 73-76; Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio: Grid.
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, "A History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Barton A Weitz and Robin Wensley (eds), Sage, 2003, p. 52
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>
^ Ferrell, O.C., Hair J.C. Jr., Marshall, G.W. and Tamilia, R.D., "Understanding the History of Marketing Education to Improve Classroom Instruction," Marketing Education Review, Vol. 25, no. 2, p. 161, DOI:10.1080/10528008.2015.1038963
^ Business Dictionary, http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/school-of-thought.html
^ a b Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 241
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 230-
^ Bartels, Robert (1988). The History of Marketing Thought (3rd. ed.). Columbus: Publishing Horizons. 
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-37, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Ferrell, O.C., Ferrell,L. and Sawayda, J.,"A Historical Review and Reconceptualization of Commodity Marketing," in Commodity Marketing, Enke, Margit, Geigenmüller, Anja, Leischnig, Alexander (Eds), Springer, DOI: 10.1007/978-3-658-02925-8_22, pp 431-447
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 245 and 252
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 257-58
^ Sheth, J. N. and Gardner, D.M., Marketing Theory: Evolution and Evaluation, New York, Wiley, 1988
^ O'Malley, L. and Lichrou, M., "Marketing Theory," in Baker, M.J. and Hart, S., The Marketing Book, 7th ed., Routledge, Oxon, UK, 2016, pp 37-52
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf, p. 41
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, " A History of Marketing Thought," Marketing Theory, 2005; Vol. 5, No. 3, p. 239
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 60
^ a b c d e f Bennett, S., "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Strassburg, J., "1605:The Origins of the Newspaper in Europe, German History, Vol. 24, no. 3, 2006, pp 387–412, http://gh.oxfordjournals.org/content/24/3/387.abstract, doi=10.1191/0266355406gh380oa
^ Mitchell Archives, "The First True Newspaper in History," <Online: http://mitchellarchives.com/the-first-true-newspaper-in-history.htm>
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, pp 19-20
^ http://www.faculty.missouristate.edu/c/ChuckHermans/Bartels.htm
^ Jones, D. G. B. and Monieson, D.D., "Early Development of the Philosophy of Marketing Thought," In Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p.92
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, p. 20
^ Bennett, Shea, "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Jenkinson, A., "Do organisations now understand the importance of information in providing excellent customer experience?" Journal of Database Marketing & Customer Strategy Management, Vol. 13 no 4., 2006, pp 248-260
^ Schultz, D. E., "Integrated Marketing Communications: The Status of Integrated Marketing Communications Programs in the US Today," Journal of Promotion Management, Vol 1, No 1, 1991, 99-104
^ Pickton, D. and Broderick, A., Integrated Marketing Communications, 2nd ed, Financial Times/Prentice Hall, Harlow, England, 2008
^ Payne, A., Handbook of CRM: Achieving Excellence in Customer Management, Burlington, MA, Butterworth Heinemann, 2008 [Chapter 1]
^ See www.centreforintegratedmarketing.com at the University of Bedfordshire, England
^ Iacobucci, D., and Calder, B., (eds),Kellogg on Integrated Marketing, Hoboken, NJ, John Wiley & Sons, 2003


Further reading[edit]

Adage, 'History of Marketing' from the Great Depression of the 1930s, featuring highlights from AdAge articles, http://adage.com/article/ad-age-graphics/ad-age-a-history-marketing/142967
Wright, John S. and Parks B. Dimsdale, Pioneers in Marketing: A Collection of 25 Biographies of Men Who Contributed to the Growth of Marketing Thought and Action," Georgia State University, 1974
Marilyn Lavin and Thomas J. Archdeacon (1989) ,"The Relevance of Historical Method For Marketing Research", in Interpretive Consumer Research, Elizabeth C. Hirschman (ed.), Provo, UT, Association for Consumer Research, pp 60–68, <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12176/volumes/sv07/SV-07>





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_marketing&oldid=792393983"					
Categories: MarketingHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaEspañolBahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 07:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of marketing - Wikipedia






















 






History of marketing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e









The term, 'marketing', comes from the Latin, 'mercatus', meaning a marketplace. Pictured: La Boqueria, Barcelona, Spain






The Moorish Bazaar


The study of the history of marketing, as a discipline, is meaningful because it helps to define the baselines upon which change can be recognized and understand how the discipline evolves in response to those changes.[1] The practice of marketing has been known for millennia, but the term "marketing" used to describe commercial activities buying and selling a products or services came into popular use in the late nineteenth century.[2] The study of the history of marketing as an academic field emerged in the early twentieth century.[3]
Marketers tend to distinguish between the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought:

(a) the history of marketing practice refers to an investigation into the ways that marketing has been practiced; and how those practices have evolved over time as they respond to changing socio-economic conditions
(b) the history of marketing thought refers to an examination of the ways that marketing has been studied and taught

Although the history of marketing thought and the history of marketing practice are distinct fields of study, they intersect at different junctures.[4] Marketing practitioners engage in innovative practices that capture the attention of marketing scholars who codify and disseminate such practices. At the same time, marketing academics often develop new research methods or theories that are subsequently adopted by practitioners. Thus developments in marketing theory inform marketing practice and vice versa. The history of marketing will remain incomplete if one disassociates academia from practitioners.[4]
The publication, in 1960, of Robert Keith's article, "The Marketing Revolution", was a pioneering work in the study of the history of marketing practice.[5] And, in 1976, the publication of Robert Bartel's book, The History of Marketing Thought, marked a turning-point in the understanding of how marketing theory evolved since it first emerged as a separate discipline around the turn of last century.[6]



Contents


1 Marketing history: an overview

1.1 Marketing in antiquity
1.2 Marketing in the Middle Ages
1.3 Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe
1.4 Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries


2 History of marketing practice

2.1 Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice

2.1.1 Keith's periodisation
2.1.2 Fullerton's periodisation
2.1.3 Other periodisations
2.1.4 Brief description of the most commonly cited periods

2.1.4.1 Production orientation
2.1.4.2 Selling orientation
2.1.4.3 The marketing orientation
2.1.4.4 The societal marketing concept
2.1.4.5 Relationship orientation






3 History of marketing thought

3.1 A periodisation approach
3.2 A 'schools of thought' approach
3.3 Brief description of the dominant schools of thought

3.3.1 Marketing management




4 Key innovations that influenced marketing practice
5 See also

5.1 Early marketing theorists


6 References
7 Further reading



Marketing history: an overview[edit]




In pre-literate societies, the distinctive shape of amphora served some of the functions of a label, communicating information about region of origin, the name of the producer and may have carried product quality claims


According to etymologists, the term 'marketing' first appeared in dictionaries in the sixteenth century where it referred to the process of buying and selling at a market.[7] The contemporary definition of 'marketing' as a process of moving goods from producer to consumer with an emphasis on sales and advertising first appeared in dictionaries in 1897.[8] The term, marketing, is a derivation of the Latin word, mercatus meaning market or merchant.
Historians of marketing tend to fall into two distinct branches of marketing history - the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought. These branches are often deeply divided. These branches have very different roots. The history of marketing practice is based in management and marketing studies, while the history of marketing thought is based in economic and cultural history. This means that they ask very different types of research questions and employ different research tools and frameworks.[9]
Historians of marketing have undertaken considerable investigation into the emergence of marketing, yet there is little agreement about when marketing first began.[10] Some researchers argue that marketing practices can be found in antiquity [11][12][13] while others suggest that marketing, in its modern form, emerged in conjunction with the rise of consumer culture in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe [14] while yet other researchers suggest that modern marketing was only fully realised in the decades following the industrial revolution in Britain from where it subsequently spread to Europe and North America.[15] Hollander and others have suggested that the different dates for the emergence of marketing can be explained by problems surrounding the way that marketing has been defined - whether reference to 'modern marketing' as a planned, programmed repertoire of professional practice including activities such as segmentation, product differentiation, positioning and marketing communications versus 'marketing' as a simple form distribution and exchange.[16]
Marketing in antiquity[edit]




Mosaic showing garum container, from the house of Umbricius Scaurus of Pompeii. The inscription which reads "G(ari) F(los) SCO(mbri) SCAURI EX OFFI(CI)NA SCAURI" has been translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"


A number of studies have found evidence of advertising, branding, packaging and labelling in antiquity.[17][18] Umbricius Scauras, for example, was a manufacturer of fish sauce (also known as garum) in Pompeii, circa 35 C.E. Mosaic patterns in the atrium of his house were decorated with images of amphora bearing his personal brand and quality claims. The mosaic comprises four different amphora, one at each corner of the atrium, and bearing labels as follows:[19]

1. G(ari) F(los) SCO[m]/ SCAURI/ EX OFFI[ci]/NA SCAU/RI Translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"
2. LIQU[minis]/ FLOS Translated as: "The flower of Liquamen"
3. G[ari] F[los] SCOM[bri]/ SCAURI Translated as: "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus"
4. LIQUAMEN/ OPTIMUM/ EX OFFICI[n]/A SCAURI Translated as: "The best liquamen, from the shop of Scaurus"

The reputation of Scauras' fish sauce was known to be of very high quality across the Mediterannean and its reputation travelled as far away as modern France.[20] Curtis has described this mosaic as a "an advertisement... and a rare, unequivocal example of a motif inspired by a patron, rather than by the artist." [21] In Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum, archeaological evidence also points to evidence of branding and labelling in relatively common use. Wine jars, for example, were stamped with names, such as "Lassius" and "L. Eumachius;" probably references to the name of the producer. Carbonized loaves of bread, found at Herculaneum, indicate that some bakers stamped their bread with the producer's name.[22]
David Wengrow has argued that branding became necessary following the urban revolution in ancient Mesopotamia in the 4th century BCE, when large-scale economies started mass-producing commodities such as alcoholic drinks, cosmetics and textiles. These ancient societies imposed strict forms of quality control over commodities, and also needed to convey value to the consumer through branding. Producers began by attaching simple stone seals to products which over time were transformed into clay seals bearing impressed images, often associated with the producer's personal identity thus giving the product a personality.[23]
Diana Twede has argued that the "consumer packaging functions of protection, utility and communication have been necessary whenever packages were the object of transactions" (p. 107). She has shown that amphoras used in Mediterranean trade between 1500 and 500 BCE exhibited a wide variety of shapes and markings, which provided information for transactions. Systematic use of stamped labels dates from around the fourth century BCE. In a largely pre-literate society, the shape of the amphora and its pictorial markings conveyed information about the contents, region of origin and even the identity of the producer which were understood to convey information about product quality.[24] Not all historians agree that these markings can be compared with modern brands or labels. Moore and Reid, for example, have argued that the distinctive shapes and markings in ancient containers should be termed proto-brands rather than modern brands.[25]
Marketing in the Middle Ages[edit]




Market scene by Pieter Aertsen, c.1550


In England and Europe during the Middle Ages, market towns sprang up. Some analysts have suggested that the term, 'marketing,' may have first been used in the context of market towns where the term 'marketing' may have been used by producers to describe the process of carting and selling their produce and wares in market towns. Blintiff has investigated the early Medieval networks of market towns and suggests that by the 12th century there was an upsurge in the number of market towns and the emergence of merchant circuits as traders bulked up surpluses from smaller regional, different day markets and resold them at the larger centralised market towns.[26]
Braudel and Reynold have made a systematic study of these European market towns between the thirteenth and fifteenth century. Their investigation shows that in regional districts markets were held once or twice a week, while daily markets were more common in the larger cities and towns. Over time, permanent shops began to open daily and gradually supplanted the periodic markets. Peddlers filled in the gaps in distribution by travelling door-to-door selling produce and wares. The physical market was characterised by transactional exchange and the economy was characterised by local trading. Braudel reports that, in 1600, goods travelled relatively short distances - grain 5–10 miles; cattle 40–70 miles; wool and wollen cloth 20–40 miles. However, following the European age of discovery, goods were imported from afar - calico cloth from India, porcelain, silk and tea from China, spices from India and South-East Asia and tobacco, sugar, rum and coffee from the New World.[27]




Bronze plate for printing an advertisement for the Liu family needle shop at Jinan, Song dynasty China. It is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.


Although the rise of consumer culture and marketing in Britain and Europe have been studied extensively, less is known about developments elsewhere.[28] Nevertheless, recent research suggests that China exhibited a rich history of early marketing practices; including branding, packaging, advertising and retail signage.[29] From as early as 200 BCE, Chinese packaging and branding was used to signal family, place names and product quality, and the use of government imposed product branding was used between 600 and 900 AD.[30] Eckhart and Bengtsson have argued that during the Song Dynasty (960–1127), Chinese society developed a consumerist culture, where a high level of consumption was attainable for a wide variety of ordinary consumers rather than just the elite (p. 212). The rise of a consumer culture led to the commercial investment in carefully managed company image, retail signage, symbolic brands, trademark protection and the brand concepts of baoji, hao, lei, gongpin, piazi and pinpai, which roughly equate with Western concepts of family status, quality grading, and upholding traditional Chinese values (p. 219). Eckhardt and Bengtsson's analysis suggests that brands emerged in China as a result of the social needs and tensions implicit in consumer culture, in which brands provide social status and stratification. Thus, the evolution of brands in China stands in sharp contrast to the West where manufacturers pushed brands onto the market in order to differentiate, increase market share and ultimately profits (pp 218–219).
Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe[edit]




Josiah Wedgewood's 18th century techniques exhibited many of the characteristics of modern marketing


Scholars have identified specific instances of marketing practices in England and Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. As trade between countries or regions grew, companies required information on which to base business decisions. Individuals and companies carried out formal and informal research on trade conditions. In 1380, Johann Fugger travelled from Augsburg to Graben in order to gather information on the international textile industry. He exchanged detailed letters on trade conditions in relevant areas.[31] In the early 1700s British industrial houses were demanding information, that could be used for business decisions. During this period, Daniel Defoe, a London merchant, published information on trade and economic resources of England and Scotland.[32][33] Defoe was a prolific publisher and among his many publications are titles devoted to trade including; Trade of Britain Stated, 1707; Trade of Scotland with France, 1713 and The Trade to India Critically and Calmly Considered, 1720; all books that were highly popular with merchants and business houses of the period.[34] While such activities might now be recognised as marketing research, at that time they were known as 'commercial research' or 'commercial intelligence' and not seen as part of the repertoire of activities that make up contemporary marketing practice.
In a major review of consumer society, McKendrick, Brewer and Plumb found extensive evidence of eighteenth century English entrepreneurs using 'modern' marketing techniques, including product differentiation, sales promotion and loss leader pricing.[35] English industrialists, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, are often portrayed as pioneers of modern mass marketing methods.[36] Wedgewood was known to have used marketing techniques such as direct mail, travelling salesmen and catalogues in the eighteenth century.[37] Wedgewood also carried out serious investigations into the fixed and variable costs of production and recognised that increased production would lead to lower unit costs. He also inferred that selling at lower prices would lead to higher demand and recognised the value of achieving scale economies in production. By cutting costs and lowering prices, Wedgewood was able to generate higher overall profits.[38] Similarly, one of Wedgewood's contemporaries, Matthew Boulton, pioneered early mass production techniques and product differentiation at his Soho Manufactory in the 1760s. He also practiced planned obsolescence and understood the importance of 'celebrity marketing' - that is supplying the nobility, often at prices below cost and of obtaining royal patronage, for the sake of the publicity and cudos generated.[39]
Fullerton argues that the practice of market segmentation emerged well before marketers used the notion formally. [40] Certain strands of evidence suggest that simple examples of market segmentation were evident prior to the 1880s. The business historian, Richard S. Tedlow, argues that any attempt to segment markets prior to 1880 was highly fragmented since the economy was characterised by small, regional suppliers who mostly sold goods on a local or regional basis. [41] When retail shops began to appear from the 15th century, retailers needed to separate the "riff raff" from wealthier customers. Outside the major metropolitan cities, few stores could afford to serve one type of clientele exclusively. However, gradually retail shops introduced innovations that would allow them to separate wealthier customers from the "riff raff." One technique was to have a window opening out onto the street from which customers could be served. This allowed the sale of goods to the common people, without encouraging them to come inside. Another solution, that came into vogue from the late sixteenth century was to invite favoured customers into a back-room of the store, where goods were permanently on display. Yet another technique that emerged around the same time was to hold a showcase of goods in the shopkeeper's private home for the benefit of wealthier clients. Samuel Pepys, for example, writing in 1660, describes being invited to the home of a retailer to view a wooden jack.[42] The eighteenth century English entrepreneurs, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, both staged expansive showcases of their wares in their private residences or in rented halls.[43] Evidence of early marketing segmentation have also been noted across Europe. A study of the German book trade found examples of both product differentiation and market segmentation in the 1820s.[44]
Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries[edit]




Henry Ford began manufacturing the mass-produced Model T in 1908. Ford famously said that customers could own a car in any colour as long as it was black.


Until the nineteenth century, Western economies were characterised by small regional suppliers who sold goods on a local or regional basis. However, as transportation systems improved from the mid nineteenth century, the economy became more unified allowing companies to distribute standardised, branded goods a national level. This gave rise to a much broader mass marketing mindset. Manufacturers tended to insist on strict standardisation in order to achieve scale economies with a view to keeping production costs down and also to achieving market penetration in the early stages of a product's life cycle.[45] The Model T Ford was an example of a product being manufactured at a price that was affordable for the burgeoning middle classes.




Haven-Mason Hall at the University of Michigan, where the first academic course in marketing was taught


In the early twentieth century, as market size increased, it became more commonplace for manufacturers to produce a variety of models pitched at different quality points designed to meet the needs of various demographic and lifestyle market segments, giving rise to the widespread practice of market segmentation and product differentation.[46] Between 1902 -1910 George B Waldron, working at Mahin's advertising agency, used tax registers, city directories and census data to show advertisers the proportion of educated versus illiterate consumers and the earning capacity of different occupations in what is believed to be the first example of demographic segmentation of a population.[47] Within little more than a decade, Paul Cherington had developed the 'ABCD' household typology - the first socio-demographic segmentation tool.[48]
When Wendell R. Smith published his now classic article, Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies in 1956, he noted that he was simply documenting marketing practices that had been observed for some time and which he described as a "natural force".[49] Other theorists agree that Smith was simply codifying implicit knowledge that had been used in marketing and brand management from the early twentieth century.[50][51]
As industry grew, the demand for skilled business professionals also grew. To meet this demand, universities began offering courses in commerce, economics and marketing. Marketing, as a discipline, was first taught in universities in the very early twentieth century.[52] However, researchers only became interested in investigating the history of marketing in the mid twentieth century. From the outset, researchers tended to identify two strands of historical research; the history of marketing practice [53] and the history of marketing thought which was fundamentally concerned with the rise of marketing education and dissecting the way that marketing was taught and studied.[6][54] Early historical studies were primarily descriptive.
History of marketing practice[edit]
The practice of marketing may have been carried out for millennia, but the modern concept of marketing as a professional practice appears to have emerged the post industrial corporate world.[55] In addition to the studies of specific cultures or time periods, discussed in the preceding section, some historians of marketing have sought to write more general histories of marketing's evolution in the modern era. To do this, historians often turn to a method known as periodisation.[56] Periodisation refers to the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete, quantified named units for the purpose of analysis or study.[57]
A key question that has preoccupied researchers is whether specific orientations or mindsets that inform key periods of marketing's evolution can be identified. Marketers disagree about the precise periods that outline marketing practice and describe the way that marketing practice has evolved over time.[58]
Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice[edit]
In the marketing literature, continuing debate surrounds the orientations or philosophies that might have informed marketing practice at different periods of time. An orientation may be defind as "the type of activity or subject that an organization seems most interested in and gives most attention to." [59] In relation to marketing orientations, the term has been defined as a "philosophy of business management." [60] or "a corporate state of mind" [61] or as an "organisation[al] culture" [62]
Hollander et al. have identified fourteen different stage theories or short periodisations as well as a total of nineteen long periodisations that have been carried out since 1957. Of these, the contributions of Robert Keith (1960) and Ronald Fullerton (1988) are the most frequently cited.[63]
Keith's periodisation[edit]




Robert Keith's marketing eras (production →selling →marketing) were based entirely on his experience at the Pillsbury Company


In 1960, Robert Keith, the then Vice President of Pillsbury,[64] set the stage for decades of controversy when he published an article entitled the "Marketing Revolution" in which he set out the way that the Pillsbury Company had shifted from a focus on production in the 1860s through to a consumer focus in the 1950s. He traced three distinct eras in Pillsbury's evolution:[65]

The production oriented era from 1869 -1930s - characterised by a 'focus on production processes'
The sales oriented era from the 1930s to the 1950s - characterised by investment in research to develop new products and advertising to persuade markets of product benefits
The marketing oriented era from the beginning of the 1950s - characterised by a focus on the customer's latent and existing needs

In addition, Keith hypothesised that a marketing control era was about to emerge. Although Keith's article explicitly documented Pillsbury's evolution, the article appears to suggest that the stages observed at Pillsbury constitute a standard or normal evolutionary path (production→sales→marketing) for most large organisations.
Keith's notion of distinct eras in the evolution of marketing practice has been widely criticised and his periodisation described as "hopelessly flawed".[66][67] Specific criticisms of Keith's tripartite periodisation include that:

It ignores historical facts about business conditions [68]
It mis-states the nature of supply and demand [68]
It slights the growth of marketing institutions [69]

The article, which is entirely based on Keith's personal recollections and did not use a single reference, is best described as anecdotal. Systematic studies carried out since Keith's work have failed to replicate Keith's periodisation. Instead, other studies suggest that many companies exhibited a marketing orientation in the nineteenth century and that the business schools were teaching marketing decades before Pillsbury adopted a marketing oriented approach.[70] Jones and Richardson also investigated historical accounts of marketing practice and found evidence for both the sales and marketing era during the so-called production era and concluded that there was no 'marketing revolution.' [71] A detailed study of the chocolate manufacturer, Rowntree, found that this company had shifted from a production orientation through to a marketing orientation by the 1930s, without having transitioned through the so-called sales orientation.[72] Other critiques of Keith's work have pointed out that the so-called production era fails to align with historical facts and have suggested that it is a myth.[73] Keith's eras have become known, somewhat cynically, as the standard chronology.[74]
Fullerton's periodisation[edit]




The English industrial revolution is often seen as a trigger for the rise of modern marketing


In 1988, Fullerton developed a more subtle and nuanced periodisation for the so-called marketing eras.[75][76] Fullerton's eras were:[73]

The era of antecedents 1500 -1750 - a long gestational period in which people were largely self-sufficient and rural; economy characterised by low levels of consumption; commerce was seen as suspicious
The era of origins 1750-1870 - precipitated by the dislocations of the English industrial revolution and the rise of a more urban population, this era is characterised by more attention to persuasive tactics designed to stimulate demand
The era of institutional development 1850-1929 - many of the large institutions and modern marketing practices emerged during this period
The era of refinement and formalisation 1930–present [1988] - further development and refinement of principles and practices developed in the preceding period

In spite of the intense criticism levelled at Keith's eras of marketing practice, his periodisation is the most frequently cited in text-books [56] and has become the accepted wisdom.[15] One content analysis of 25 introductory and advanced texts found that Keith's eras were reproduced in all but four.[77][70] Another study, which examined 15 of the top selling marketing texts, found that the although the incidence of repeating Keith's eras was waning, it had not been replaced by Fullerton's periodisation, nor any other more meaningful framework.[78]
Other periodisations[edit]
For all the controversies surrounding the so-called marketing stages or periods, Keith and others appear to have contributed a lasting legacy.[79] A study by Grundey (2010) suggests that many contemporary text-books begin with Keith's eras and expand on it by including newer concepts such as the societal marketing concept, the relationship marketing concept and the interfunctional concept, as shown in the table below.[80] More recently, Kotler and Keller added the holistic marketing concept to the list of eras in marketing.[81] Marketing theorists continue to debate whether the holistic era represents a genuine new orientation or whether it is an extension of the marketing concept.[82] Grundey summarised five different periodisations in the history of marketing, as shown in the following table, as a means of highlighting the general lack of agreement among scholars.[83]

Marketing Philosophies or Orientations Cited in Popular Texts

Dibb & Simkin, 2004 [84]
Lancaster & Reynolds, 2005 [85]
Blythe, 2005 [86]
Drummmond & Ensor, 2005 [87]
Morgan, 1996 [88]


1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Cost philosophy


2. Financial orientation
2. Sales orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product philosophy


3. Sales orientation
3. Marketing orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Production philosophy


4. Marketing orientation

4. Customer orientation
4. Financial orientation
4. Sales philosophy


5. Customer orientation

5. Societal marketing
5. Marketing orientation
5. Erratic philosophy


6. Competitor orientation

6. Relationship orientation

6. Marketing philosophy


7. Interfunctional orientation



7. Social marketing philosophy


Source: Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
Brief description of the most commonly cited periods[edit]
The general lack of agreement amongst scholars as to what constitutes clearly identifiable periods and the orientation that characterised each distinct period has spawned a lengthy list of orientations. Space prevents an exhaustive description of all periods or eras. However, the most commonly cited periods appear in the following section.
Production orientation[edit]




The production orientation is one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers


A production orientation is often proposed as the first of the so-called orientations that dominated business thought. Keith dated the production era from the 1860s to the 1930s, but other theorists argue that evidence of the production orientation can still be found in some companies or industries. Specifically Kotler and Armstrong note that the production philosophy is "one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers... [and] is still useful in some situations." [89]
The production orientation is characterised by:[90]

a focus on production, manufacturing, and efficiency
attainment of economies of scale, economies of scope, experience effects or all three
an assumption that demand exceeds supply
a mindset that is encapsulated by Say's Law; "Supply creates its own demand" or "if somebody makes a product, somebody else will want to buy it"
limited research - and largely limited to technical-product research rather than customer research
this orientation rose to prominence in an environment which had a shortage of manufactured goods relative to demand, so goods sold easily.
minimal promotion and advertising, marketing communications limited to raising awareness of the product's existence

Selling orientation[edit]




The sales orientation, often characterised by door-to-door selling is thought to have begun during the Great Depression of the 1890s and continues to this day. Pictured: A Rawleigh's salesman in 1915


The selling orientation is thought to have begun during the Great Depression and continued well into the 1950s although examples of this orientation can still be found today.[91] Kotler et al. note that the selling concept "is typically practised with unsought goods." [92]
The selling orientation is characterised by:

Aggressive selling to push products, often involving door-to-door selling
Accepting every possible sale or booking, regardless of its suitability for the business
Has a strongly transactional focus (ignores potential relationships)

The marketing orientation[edit]
The marketing orientation or the marketing concept emerged in the 1950s.
Characteristics of the marketing orientation:[93]

A thorough understanding of the customer's needs, wants and behaviours should be the focal point of all marketing decisions
Marketing efforts (sales, advertising, product management, pricing) should be integrated and in tune with the customer
New product concepts should flow from extensive market analysis and product testing

The societal marketing concept[edit]
Main article: Societal marketing
Societal marketing orientation or societal marketing concept was first proposed in the 1970s [94] by Phillip Kotler in an article published in the Harvard Business Review.[95] The societal marketing concept adopts the position that marketers have a greater social responsibility than simply satisfying customers and providing them with superior value. Instead, marketing activities should strive to benefit society's overall well-being. Marketing organisations that have embraced the societal marketing concept typically identify key stakeholder groups including: employees, customers, local communities, the wider public and government. They ensure that marketing activities do not damage the environment and are not hazardous to broader society. Societal marketing developed into sustainable marketing.
Characteristics of societal marketing:[96]

An attempt to balance corporate commitments to groups and individuals in its environment, including customers, other businesses, employees and investors.
Companies must include social and ethical considerations into their marketing practices
Consideration is given to the environment includes problems such as air, water and land pollution
Consideration is given to consumer rights, unfair pricing and ethics in advertising

Relationship orientation[edit]
Main article: Relationship marketing
Starting in the 1990s, a new stage of marketing emerged called relationship marketing. The focus of relationship marketing is on a long-term relationship that benefits both the company and the customer.[97] The relationship is based on trust and commitment, and both companies tend to shift their operating activities to be able to work more efficiently together.[98] One of the most prominent reasons for relationship marketing comes from Kotler's idea that it costs about five times more to obtain a new customer than to maintain the relationship with an existing customer.[99] A relationship marketing approach seeks to maximise the value of all the potential exchanges an organisation could have into the future.[100]
The characteristics of relationship marketing include:[101]

A focus on the relationship between seller and buyer
An investment in the lifetime of relationships (customer lifetime value) rather than single transactions
An orientation on product benefits and/or customer value
High customer service; high customer commitment; high customer contact
Quality is the concern of all
All activities are coordinated with the customer interface, including the customer's involvement in the firm’s processes
Customised offerings, where practical

Empirical support for relationship marketing as a distinct paradigm is very weak. One study suggests that relationship marketing is really a sub-component of large scale movements of the value-added process rather than a separate era or framework.[102] Some theorists suggest that marketing is moving from a relationship marketing paradigm and towards a social media paradigm where marketers have access to a more controlled environment and are able to customise offers and communications messages.[97][103]
History of marketing thought[edit]




University of Pennsylvania was among the first universities to offer courses in marketing


Dating the history of marketing thought is just as problematic as the history of markting practice. Marketing historians cannot agree on how to date the beginnings of marketing thought. Eric Shaw, for instance, suggests that a period of pre-academic marketing thought can be identified prior to 1900.[104] Other historians, on the other hand, suggest that the theory of marketing only emerged in the 20th century when the discipline began to offer courses at universities.[105] Nevertheless, the birth of marketing as a discipline is usually designated to the first decade of the twentieth century when "marketing courses" appeared in universities. In 1902, the University of Michigan offered what many believe to be the very first course in marketing.[106] In the academic year, 1904-1905, the University of Pennsylvania commenced teaching marketing. Other universities soon followed, including the Harvard Business School.[107]
Prior to the emergence of marketing courses, marketing was treated as a branch of economics and was often called applied economics. Early marketing theories were described as modifications or adaptations of economic theories.[108]
A periodisation approach[edit]
Several scholars have attempted to describe the evolution of marketing thought chronologically and to connect it with broader intellectual and academic trends. Bartels (1965) sketched an account of marketing's formative periods, and Shah and Gardner (1982) briefly considered the development of the six dominant schools in contemporary marketing. However, these initial attempts have been described as descriptive. (Savitt, 1980). One of the first theorists to consider the stages in the development of marketing thought was Robert Bartels, who in the The History of Marketing Thought, (1965) used a periodisation approach. He categorised the development of marketing theory decade by decade from the beginning of the 20th century:

1900s: discovery of basic concepts and their exploration
1910s: conceptualisation, classification and definition of terms
1920s: integration on the basis of principles
1930s: development of specialisation and variation in theory
1940s: reappraisal in the light of new demands and a more scientific approach
1950s: reconceptualisation in the light of managerialism, social development and quantitative approaches
1960s: differentiation on bases such as managerialism, holism, environmentalism, systems, and internationalism
1970s: socialisation; the adaptation of marketing to social change

A 'schools of thought' approach[edit]
Other marketing historians have eschewed the periodisation approach, and instead considered whether distinct schools within marketing reflect different facets of common theory and whether a more unifying intellectual structure has emerged. These approaches tend to identify distinct schools of thought. A school of thought refers to an intellectual tradition or a group of scholars who share a common philosophy or set of ideas.[109] Marketing historians, Shaw and Jones, define a school of thought as one that has "a substantial body of knowledge; developed by a number of scholars; and describing at least one aspect of the what, how, who, why, when and where of performing marketing activities." [110]
Of those who identify schools, there is no real agreement about which schools were dominant at different stages in marketing's development. It should be noted that two or more schools of thought can co-exist at the same time. In the following section, a brief overview of the contributions of key thinkers will be outlined with respect to the prevailing schools that have dominated marketing thought. To a certain extent, there is some agreement that in early marketing thought, three so-called traditional schools, namely the commodity school, the functional school and the institutional school co-existed.[111] Marketing historians such as Eric Shaw and Barton A. Weitz point to the publication of Wroe Alderson's book, Marketing Behavior and Executive Action (1957), as a break-point in the history of marketing thought,[112] moving from the macro functions-institutions-commodities approach to a micromarketing management paradigm. Following on from Alderson, marketing began to incorporate other fields of knowledge besides economics, notably behavioral science, becoming a multidisciplinary field. For some scholars, Alderson's book marks the beginning of the Marketing Management Era.
Hunt and Goolsby, identified four schools of thought that have dominated marketing, namely; the commodity school, the institutional school, the functional school and the managerial school.[113]

The Commodity School: A focus on different types of goods in the marketplace and how they are marketed.[114]
The Institutional School: Emphasised the functions of middlemen (or intermediaries); similar to the functional school, but with a focus on channel flows.[115]
The Functional School: A focus on the characteristics of marketing, identifying the functions and systems of marketing; adopts a systems approach.[110]
The Managerial School: A focus on the problems faced by marketing managers; focuses on the perspective of the seller.[116]

Some marketing historians like Jagdish Sheth have identified the modern "marketing schools" as:[117]

The Managerial school emerged during the late 1950s and became arguably the predominant and most influential school of thought in the field
The Consumer/buyer behavior school, which dominated the academic field in the second half of the twentieth century (apart from the Managerial school), features theories emerging from behavioral science
The Social exchange school, which focuses on exchange as the fundamental concept of marketing

Yet other commentators identify a broader range of schools. O'Malley and Lichrou, for example, document the schools as:[118]

Functional: What activities does marketing perform? Focus on intermediaries and value adding.
Commodities: How are goods classified? Focus on classification of goods; trade flows
Marketing Institutions: Who performs marketing functions on commodities? Focus on retailers, wholesalers, intermediaries, distribution channels
Marketing Management: How should marketers and managers market products and services to consumers? Business firm as seller/ supplier
Marketing Systems: What is a marketing system and how does it work? Channels of distribution and aggregate systems,
Consumer behaviour: How and why do consumers buy? organisational buyer and consumer buyer
Macro-marketing: How do marketing systems impact on society? Industries, channels, consumer movement, environmentalism
Exchange: What are the forms of exchange? Who are the parties to the exchange process? Aggregations of buyers and sellers
Marketing history: When did marketing practice and ideas emerge and evolve? Marketing thought and marketing practice

Brief description of the dominant schools of thought[edit]
The following sections briefly outlines the schools of thought as conceptualised by key thinkers in the discipline.
Marketing management[edit]
The marketing management school, which emerged as the dominant school in 1960 following the publication of Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach, written by E. Jerome McCarthy, replaced the so-called functional school which had been the dominant for the first part of the twentieth century. In the words of Hunt and Goolsby, the publication of McCarthy's text, sounded the "beginning of the end for the functional school." [119] However, Hunt and Goolsby note that the 1960s was a transitional period in which both the functional school and the managerial school co-existed.[120] Shaw and Jones have described the emergence of the managerial school in the mid twentieth century as a "paradigm shift." [121]
Key works in the marketing management tradition include Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action, (1957), Howard's Marketing Management (1957), Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints, (1957) and McCarthy's Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).[122]
Key innovations that influenced marketing practice[edit]

1450: Gutenberg's metal movable type, leading eventually to mass-production of flyers and brochures [123]
1600s: Paid advertising in Italy
1600s: Use of handbills and posters is common practice in Elizabethan England
1605: World's first newspaper published in Germany [124]
1600s and 1700s: Posters and handbills used for promotion in England [123]
1665: The Oxford Gazette first published in England (later renamed the London Gazette and still published today) [125]
1700s: Widespread emergence of newspapers and magazines in England (a future vector of niche marketing)
1719: The Daily Post first published; early instance of a periodical dedicated to business, science and innovation
1836: Paid advertising in a newspaper (in France) [123]
1839: Posters on private property banned in England [123]
1864: Earliest recorded use of the telegraph for mass unsolicited spam
1867: Earliest recorded billboard rentals
1876: Films produced by French film-makers, Auguste and Louis Lumiere, made at the request of a representative of Lever Brothers in France and feature Sunlight soap, are thought to be the first recorded instance of paid product placement.[126]
1880s: Early examples of trademarks as branding
1902: The first marketing course, taught by Edward David Jones, was offered at the University of Michigan
1905: The University of Pennsylvania offered a course in "The Marketing of Products"[127]
1908: Harvard Business School opens - Harvard was an early influence on marketing thought [128]
1920: The magazine, Variety, reports that 50% of cinemas show advertising programmes [129]
1920s: Radio advertising commences
1940s: Electronic computers developed
1941: First recorded use of television advertising
1950s: Systematization of telemarketing [130]
1957: Three key scholarly texts published Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action; Howard's Marketing Management and Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints
1960 E. Jerome McCarthy published his now classic, Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).
1970s: E-commerce developed
1980s: Development of database marketing as precursor to CRM[131]
1980s: Emergence of relationship marketing
1980s: Emergence of computer-oriented spam
1984: Introduction of guerrilla tactics
1985: Desktop publishing democratizes the production of print-advertising (precursor to consumer-generated media and content)
1991: IMC gains academic status [132]
Mid 1990s: Modern search engines started appearing in the mid-1990s, with Google making its debut in 1998 [123]
1990s CRM and IMC (in various guises and names) gain dominance in promotions and marketing planning,[133][134]
1995-2001: The Dot-com bubble temporarily re-defines[citation needed] the future of marketing
1996: Identification of viral marketing
2000s: Integrated marketing gains widespread acceptance with its first dedicated academic research centre opened in 2002[135][136]
2003 -2006: Emergence of social media. MySpace and LinkedIn emerged in 2003, Facebook in 2004 and Twitter in 2006.[123]

See also[edit]


Advertising - article is primarily about the history of advertising
Advertising management - concerned with the theories and tactics that inform the practice of advertising
Branding - article contains short history of branding
List of the oldest newspapers
Market economy - article provides a brief history and background to key thinkers
Marketing
Marketing research -article discusses the history of marketing research
Market segmentation - article provides a brief history of segmentation
Market (place) - history of marketplaces from antiquity to present day
Psychological pricing
Retail - contains a short history of retailing and marketing practices used in modern retail


Early marketing theorists[edit]


Al Ries - advertising executive, author and credited with coining the term, 'positioning' in the late 1960s
Arch Wilkinson Shaw (1876-1962) - early management theorist, proponent of the scientific approach to marketing
Charles Coolidge Parlin(1872-1942) - pioneer of market and advertising research methods
E. Jerome McCarthy - developed the concept of the 4 Ps
Edward Filene (1860-1937) - pioneer or modern retailing methods
Ernest Dichter (1907-1991) - pioneer of motivational research
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - developed the survey questionnaire for use in market research
Jack Trout - advertising executive, author and partnered with Al Ries in popularising the positioning concept
John E. Jeuck (1916-2009) - early marketing educator
Henry Charles Taylor (1873-1969) - the agricultural marketer
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - pioneer of consumer research
Neil H. Borden (1922-1962) - coined the term, 'marketing mix'
Philip Kotler (1931-) - popularised the managerial approach to marketing, prolific author
Theodore Levitt (1925-2006) - former editor of Harvard Business Review, prolific author of marketing articles and famed for his article, "Marketing Myopia"
Wroe Alderson (1898-1965) - proponent of marketing science and instrumental in developing the functional school of marketing
Jerry (Yoram) Wind - editor in chief of the Journal of Marketing and other leading journals; educator and author


References[edit]


^ Jones, Brian D. G.; Shaw, Eric H. (2006). "A History of Marketing Thought". Handbook of Marketing. Weitz, Barton A.; Wensley, Robin (editors). Sage. pp. 582 pages. ISBN 1-4129-2120-1. 
^ English Language and Usage, http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/335201/etymology-of-marketing-how-when-did-it-change-meaning
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 50
^ a b Hollander, Stanley C.; Rassuli, Kathleen M.; Jones, D. G. Brian; Dix, Laura Farlow (2005). "Periodization in Marketing History". Journal of Macromarketing. 25 (1): 32–41. doi:10.1177/0276146705274982. 
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ a b Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio, Grid, 1976
^ Etymology Dictionary Online, http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=marketing
^ https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/marketing#English
^ Berghoff, H., Scranton. P. and Spiekermann , U. (eds), The Rise of Marketing and Market Research: Worlds of Consumption, [German Historical Society], NY, Palgrave Macmillan, 2012, p. 2
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, pp 445-461
^ Dixon, D.F., "Medieval Macromarketing Thought," In Macromarketing,George Fisk and Phillip White (eds), pp 59–69. Boulder, University of Colorado Press, 1980
^ Nevett, T., "Historical Investigation and the Practice of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 55, No. 3, 1991, pp 13–24
^ Berger, A., Marketing and American Consumer Culture: A Cultural Studies Analysis, Springer, 2016
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. xxx
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, p. 39, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, p. 454-55
^ Maran, J. and Stockhammer, P.W. (eds), Materiality and Social Practice: Transformative Capacities of Intercultural Encounters, Oxford, UK, Oxbow, 2012
^ Demirdjian, Z. S., "Rise and Fall of Marketing in Mesopotamia: A Conundrum in the Cradle of Civilization," In The Future of Marketing's Past: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing, Leighton Neilson (ed.), CA, Longman, Association for Analysis and Research in Marketing, 2005
^ Clarke, J. R. in Dobbins, J. J. and Foss, P. W., The World of Pompeii, Oxford, Routledge, 2008, p. 330; Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, 1984, DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4 (Oct., 1984), DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, p. 557
^ Beard, M., The Fires of Vesuvius: Pompeii Lost and Found, Harvard University Press, 2008; See Chapter 5, "Earning a Living: Baker, Banker and Garum Maker,"
^ Wengrow, D., "Prehistories of Commodity Branding," Current Anthropology,Vol. 49, No. 1, 2008, pp. 7-34
^ Twede, D., "Commercial amphoras: The earliest consumer packages?" Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 22, No. 1, 2002, pp 98–108
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 Years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. p. 5; 23
^ Bintliff, J., "Going to Market in Antiquity," In Stuttgarter Kolloquium zur Historischen Geographie des Altertums, Eckart Olshausen and Holger Sonnabend (eds), Stuttgart, Franz Steiner, 2002, p.224
^ Braudel, F. and Reynold, S., The Wheels of Commerce: Civilization and Capitalism, 15th to 18th Century, Berkely, CA, University of California Press, 1992
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 888
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. pp 419-32.
^ Eckhardt, G.M. and Bengtsson. A. "A Brief History of Branding in China," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol, 30, no. 3, 2010, pp 210-221
^ Nair, S. R., Market Research: Text and Cases, 2nd ed., Himalaya Publishing House, 2014, p. 21 <Online: www.himpub.com/documents/Chapter873.pdf>
^ Minto, W., Daniel Defoe, Tredition Classics, [Project Gutenberg ed.], Chapter 10
^ Richetti, J., The Life of Daniel Defoe: A Critical Biography, Malden, MAm Blackwell, 2005, 2015, pp 147-49 and 158-59
^ Backscheider, P.R., 'Daniel Defoe: His Life, Baltimore, Maryland, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1989
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Tadajewski, M. and Jones, D.G.B., "Historical research in marketing theory and practice: a review essay," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 30, No. 11-12, 2014 [Special Issue: Pushing the Boundaries, Sketching the Future], pp 1239-1291
^ Flanders, J., "They Broke It," New York Times, 9 January 2009, <Online:http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/10/opinion/10flanders.html?_r=2>
^ Drake, D., "Dinnerware & Cost Accounting? The Story of Josiah Wedgwood: Potter and Cost Accountant," HQ FINANCIAL VIEWS, Volume I, 1 May–July, 2005, pp 1-3
^ Applbaum, K., The Marketing Era: From Professional Practice to Global Provisioning, Routledge, 2004, p. 126-127
^ Fullerton, R., "Segmentation in Practice: An Overview of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries," in Jones,D.G.B. and Tadajewski,M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Routledge, 2016, p. 94
^ In his oft-cited work, New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp. 4–12, Richard Tedlow outlines first three stages: fragmentation (prior to 1880), unification and the segmentation (1880-1920); segmentation era (1920s–1980s). In a subsequent work, published three years later, Tedlow and his co-author thought that they had seen evidence of a new trend and added a fourth era, termed Hyper-segmentation (post 1980s); See Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Cox, N.C. and Dannehl, K., Perceptions of Retailing in Early Modern England, Aldershot, Hampshire, Ashgate, 2007, pp. 155–59
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Fullerton, R.A., "Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspectives in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan (eds), Singapore, Association for Consumer Research, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05; Ronald A. Fullerton ,"Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspective in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, eds. Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan, Singapore : Association for Consumer Research, 1985, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05>
^ Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Tedlow, R., New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp 4-12
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 66; Lockley, L.C., "Notes on the History of Marketing Research", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 14, No. 5 (Apr., 1950), pp. 733-736 https://www.jstor.org/stable/1246952?seq=1#fndtn-page_scan_tab_contents
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 71)
^ Smith, W.R., "Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 21, No. 1 , 1956, pp. 3–8 and reprinted in Marketing Management, Vol. 4, No. 3, 1995, pp. 63–65
^ Cano, C., "The Recent Evolution of Market Segmentation Concepts and Thoughts Primarily by Marketing Academics," in E. Shaw (ed) The Romance of Marketing History, Proceedings of the 11th Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing (CHARM), Boca Ranton, FL, AHRIM, 2003.
^ Schwarzkopf, S., "Turning Trade Marks into Brands: how Advertising Agencies Created Brands in the Global Market Place, 1900–1930" CGR Working Paper, Queen Mary University, London, 18 August 2008
^ Maynard, H. H., "Marketing Courses Prior to 1910," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 5, no. 4, pp 382-384
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Maynard, H. H., "Early Teachers of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 7, No. 2, pp 158-159; Maynard, H. H., Weidler, W. C. & Beckman, T. N., Principles of Marketing, New York, The Ronald Press, 1927
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 890
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, pp 32-41, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Collins Dictionary Online, https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/periodization
^ Stowe, N. J., "Periodization of the History of Marketing Thought," In Proceedings of the First North America Workshop on Historical Research in Marketing, Stanley C. Hollander and Ronald Savitt (eds), East Lansing, Michigan State University Press, 1983, pp 1-12.
^ http://www.ldoceonline.com/dictionary/orientation
^ Mc Namara (1972) cited in Deshpande, R., Developing a Market Orientation, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 1999, p. 11
^ Kohli, A.K. and Jaworski, B.J., "Market Orientation: The Construct, Research Propositions, and Managerial Implications," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 54, April 1990, pp 1-18
^ Narver, J.C. and Slater, S.F., "The Effect of a Market Orientation on Business Profitability, " Journal of Marketing, Vol 54, no. 4, pp 20-34.
^ Hollander, S.C., Jones, D.G.B. and Dix, L., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25, no. 1, pp 33-39
^ Holloway, R.J., "Leaders in Marketing: Robert Keith," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 32, July 1968, pp 74-75
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, pp 25-26
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 75-91
^ a b Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," (originally published in Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13) and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 81
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 82
^ a b Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Richardson, A.J., "The Myth of the Marketing Revolution" Journal of Macromarketing, March 1, 2007
^ Fitzgerald, R., "Rowntree and Market Strategy: 1897-1939," Business and Economic History, Vol. 18, 1989, pp 45- 58,
^ a b Fullerton, E.A., "How Modern Is Modern Marketing? Marketing's Evolution and the Myth of the 'Production Era' ", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 52, No. 1, 1988, pp. 108-125
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Shaw, E.H., “A history of marketing thought”, in Weitz, B.A. and Wensley, R. (Eds), Handbook of Marketing, Sage, London, 2002, pp. 39-66; Shaw, E.H., “Reflections on the history of marketing thought”, Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 1 No. 2, 2009, pp. 330-345.
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1251689
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 84-86
^ Hollander, 1986
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 27
^ Olsen, B. and Costas, H., "The Periodization of Marketing: Myth or Reality? Evidence from the Scott Paper Company, " Academy of Marketing Studies Journal, Vol. 15, No. S2, 2011
^ Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
^ Kotler and Keller advanced the notion of a holistic era in Kevin Lane Keller and Philip Kotler, “Holistic Marketing: A Broad, Integrated Perspective to Marketing Management,” in Does Marketing Need Reform?, Jagdish Sheth and Raj Sisodia (eds), 2006, pp 300-305; did not include it in their 2008 publication but added it back in their most recent work; Kotler, P and Keller, K.L., A Framework for Marketing Management, 6th Global ed., Harlow, Essex, Pearson, 2016, pp 34-35
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, pp 171-172
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p.170
^ Dibb, S. and Simkin, L., Marketing Briefs: A Revision and Study Guide, 2nd ed., Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth-Heinemann, 2004.
^ Lancaster , G. and Reynolds, P. Management of Marketing, Burlington: Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Blythe, J., Essentials of Marketing, 3rd Ed., Harlow. Pearson, 2005
^ Drummond, G., Ensor, J., Introduction to Marketing Concepts, Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Morgan, R.E., "Conceptual foundations of marketing and marketing theory", Management Decision , Vol. 34, no 10, pp. 19-26, 1996
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 28
^ Kotler,P., "Marketing Management: Analysis, Planning, Implementation and Control",Prentice Hall, 1997 p.17
^ Solomon, N.R., Marshall, G. and Stuart, E., Marketing: Real People, Real Choices, 5th ed, Pearson, 2009, Chapter 1
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 29
^ McGee, L.W. and Spiro, R.L., "The Marketing Concept in Perspective," Business Horizons, May–June, 1988, pp 40-45
^ Blackwell Reference, http://www.blackwellreference.com/public/tocnode?id=g9780631233176_chunk_g978140510254422_ss1-48
^ Kotler, P., "What consumerism means for marketers", Harvard Business Review, vol. 50, no. 3, 1972, pp 48-57
^ Kotler, P and Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 9th ed., Prentice Hall; Griffin and Ebrert, Business 5th edition, Prentice Hall
^ a b White, D. Steven. "The Evolution of Marketing". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Spiro, Roseann; Gregory Rich; William Stanton (2008). Management of a Sales Force (12th ed.). McGraw-Hill Irwin. ISBN 978-0-07-352977-6. 
^ McClintic Marion, Allison. "Marketing: Historical Perspectives". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>, p. 35
^ Christopher, M., Payne, A. and Ballantyne, D., Relationship Marketing: Bringing Quality, Customer Service, and Marketing Together, Oxford: Butterworth-Heinemann, 1991, p. 9
^ Manna, D.R. and Smith, A.D., "Measuring The Theoretical Paradigm Shift From Marketing Mix To Relational Marketing," International Business & Economics Research Journal, Vol. 2, No. 11, 2000, pp 1-8
^ Peppers & Rogers Group, Relationship Marketing 3.0: Thriving in Marketing's New Ecosystem, [White Paper], 2009
^ Shaw, E.H., (2015) "Teaching the history of marketing thought: an approach", Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 7 Iss: 2
^ Bartels, R.,"The Identity Crisis in Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 38, No. 4, pp 73-76; Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio: Grid.
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, "A History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Barton A Weitz and Robin Wensley (eds), Sage, 2003, p. 52
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>
^ Ferrell, O.C., Hair J.C. Jr., Marshall, G.W. and Tamilia, R.D., "Understanding the History of Marketing Education to Improve Classroom Instruction," Marketing Education Review, Vol. 25, no. 2, p. 161, DOI:10.1080/10528008.2015.1038963
^ Business Dictionary, http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/school-of-thought.html
^ a b Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 241
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 230-
^ Bartels, Robert (1988). The History of Marketing Thought (3rd. ed.). Columbus: Publishing Horizons. 
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-37, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Ferrell, O.C., Ferrell,L. and Sawayda, J.,"A Historical Review and Reconceptualization of Commodity Marketing," in Commodity Marketing, Enke, Margit, Geigenmüller, Anja, Leischnig, Alexander (Eds), Springer, DOI: 10.1007/978-3-658-02925-8_22, pp 431-447
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 245 and 252
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 257-58
^ Sheth, J. N. and Gardner, D.M., Marketing Theory: Evolution and Evaluation, New York, Wiley, 1988
^ O'Malley, L. and Lichrou, M., "Marketing Theory," in Baker, M.J. and Hart, S., The Marketing Book, 7th ed., Routledge, Oxon, UK, 2016, pp 37-52
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf, p. 41
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, " A History of Marketing Thought," Marketing Theory, 2005; Vol. 5, No. 3, p. 239
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 60
^ a b c d e f Bennett, S., "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Strassburg, J., "1605:The Origins of the Newspaper in Europe, German History, Vol. 24, no. 3, 2006, pp 387–412, http://gh.oxfordjournals.org/content/24/3/387.abstract, doi=10.1191/0266355406gh380oa
^ Mitchell Archives, "The First True Newspaper in History," <Online: http://mitchellarchives.com/the-first-true-newspaper-in-history.htm>
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, pp 19-20
^ http://www.faculty.missouristate.edu/c/ChuckHermans/Bartels.htm
^ Jones, D. G. B. and Monieson, D.D., "Early Development of the Philosophy of Marketing Thought," In Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p.92
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, p. 20
^ Bennett, Shea, "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Jenkinson, A., "Do organisations now understand the importance of information in providing excellent customer experience?" Journal of Database Marketing & Customer Strategy Management, Vol. 13 no 4., 2006, pp 248-260
^ Schultz, D. E., "Integrated Marketing Communications: The Status of Integrated Marketing Communications Programs in the US Today," Journal of Promotion Management, Vol 1, No 1, 1991, 99-104
^ Pickton, D. and Broderick, A., Integrated Marketing Communications, 2nd ed, Financial Times/Prentice Hall, Harlow, England, 2008
^ Payne, A., Handbook of CRM: Achieving Excellence in Customer Management, Burlington, MA, Butterworth Heinemann, 2008 [Chapter 1]
^ See www.centreforintegratedmarketing.com at the University of Bedfordshire, England
^ Iacobucci, D., and Calder, B., (eds),Kellogg on Integrated Marketing, Hoboken, NJ, John Wiley & Sons, 2003


Further reading[edit]

Adage, 'History of Marketing' from the Great Depression of the 1930s, featuring highlights from AdAge articles, http://adage.com/article/ad-age-graphics/ad-age-a-history-marketing/142967
Wright, John S. and Parks B. Dimsdale, Pioneers in Marketing: A Collection of 25 Biographies of Men Who Contributed to the Growth of Marketing Thought and Action," Georgia State University, 1974
Marilyn Lavin and Thomas J. Archdeacon (1989) ,"The Relevance of Historical Method For Marketing Research", in Interpretive Consumer Research, Elizabeth C. Hirschman (ed.), Provo, UT, Association for Consumer Research, pp 60–68, <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12176/volumes/sv07/SV-07>





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_marketing&oldid=792393983"					
Categories: MarketingHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaEspañolBahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 07:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









History of marketing - Wikipedia






















 






History of marketing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e









The term, 'marketing', comes from the Latin, 'mercatus', meaning a marketplace. Pictured: La Boqueria, Barcelona, Spain






The Moorish Bazaar


The study of the history of marketing, as a discipline, is meaningful because it helps to define the baselines upon which change can be recognized and understand how the discipline evolves in response to those changes.[1] The practice of marketing has been known for millennia, but the term "marketing" used to describe commercial activities buying and selling a products or services came into popular use in the late nineteenth century.[2] The study of the history of marketing as an academic field emerged in the early twentieth century.[3]
Marketers tend to distinguish between the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought:

(a) the history of marketing practice refers to an investigation into the ways that marketing has been practiced; and how those practices have evolved over time as they respond to changing socio-economic conditions
(b) the history of marketing thought refers to an examination of the ways that marketing has been studied and taught

Although the history of marketing thought and the history of marketing practice are distinct fields of study, they intersect at different junctures.[4] Marketing practitioners engage in innovative practices that capture the attention of marketing scholars who codify and disseminate such practices. At the same time, marketing academics often develop new research methods or theories that are subsequently adopted by practitioners. Thus developments in marketing theory inform marketing practice and vice versa. The history of marketing will remain incomplete if one disassociates academia from practitioners.[4]
The publication, in 1960, of Robert Keith's article, "The Marketing Revolution", was a pioneering work in the study of the history of marketing practice.[5] And, in 1976, the publication of Robert Bartel's book, The History of Marketing Thought, marked a turning-point in the understanding of how marketing theory evolved since it first emerged as a separate discipline around the turn of last century.[6]



Contents


1 Marketing history: an overview

1.1 Marketing in antiquity
1.2 Marketing in the Middle Ages
1.3 Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe
1.4 Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries


2 History of marketing practice

2.1 Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice

2.1.1 Keith's periodisation
2.1.2 Fullerton's periodisation
2.1.3 Other periodisations
2.1.4 Brief description of the most commonly cited periods

2.1.4.1 Production orientation
2.1.4.2 Selling orientation
2.1.4.3 The marketing orientation
2.1.4.4 The societal marketing concept
2.1.4.5 Relationship orientation






3 History of marketing thought

3.1 A periodisation approach
3.2 A 'schools of thought' approach
3.3 Brief description of the dominant schools of thought

3.3.1 Marketing management




4 Key innovations that influenced marketing practice
5 See also

5.1 Early marketing theorists


6 References
7 Further reading



Marketing history: an overview[edit]




In pre-literate societies, the distinctive shape of amphora served some of the functions of a label, communicating information about region of origin, the name of the producer and may have carried product quality claims


According to etymologists, the term 'marketing' first appeared in dictionaries in the sixteenth century where it referred to the process of buying and selling at a market.[7] The contemporary definition of 'marketing' as a process of moving goods from producer to consumer with an emphasis on sales and advertising first appeared in dictionaries in 1897.[8] The term, marketing, is a derivation of the Latin word, mercatus meaning market or merchant.
Historians of marketing tend to fall into two distinct branches of marketing history - the history of marketing practice and the history of marketing thought. These branches are often deeply divided. These branches have very different roots. The history of marketing practice is based in management and marketing studies, while the history of marketing thought is based in economic and cultural history. This means that they ask very different types of research questions and employ different research tools and frameworks.[9]
Historians of marketing have undertaken considerable investigation into the emergence of marketing, yet there is little agreement about when marketing first began.[10] Some researchers argue that marketing practices can be found in antiquity [11][12][13] while others suggest that marketing, in its modern form, emerged in conjunction with the rise of consumer culture in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe [14] while yet other researchers suggest that modern marketing was only fully realised in the decades following the industrial revolution in Britain from where it subsequently spread to Europe and North America.[15] Hollander and others have suggested that the different dates for the emergence of marketing can be explained by problems surrounding the way that marketing has been defined - whether reference to 'modern marketing' as a planned, programmed repertoire of professional practice including activities such as segmentation, product differentiation, positioning and marketing communications versus 'marketing' as a simple form distribution and exchange.[16]
Marketing in antiquity[edit]




Mosaic showing garum container, from the house of Umbricius Scaurus of Pompeii. The inscription which reads "G(ari) F(los) SCO(mbri) SCAURI EX OFFI(CI)NA SCAURI" has been translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"


A number of studies have found evidence of advertising, branding, packaging and labelling in antiquity.[17][18] Umbricius Scauras, for example, was a manufacturer of fish sauce (also known as garum) in Pompeii, circa 35 C.E. Mosaic patterns in the atrium of his house were decorated with images of amphora bearing his personal brand and quality claims. The mosaic comprises four different amphora, one at each corner of the atrium, and bearing labels as follows:[19]

1. G(ari) F(los) SCO[m]/ SCAURI/ EX OFFI[ci]/NA SCAU/RI Translated as "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus, from the shop of Scaurus"
2. LIQU[minis]/ FLOS Translated as: "The flower of Liquamen"
3. G[ari] F[los] SCOM[bri]/ SCAURI Translated as: "The flower of garum, made of the mackerel, a product of Scaurus"
4. LIQUAMEN/ OPTIMUM/ EX OFFICI[n]/A SCAURI Translated as: "The best liquamen, from the shop of Scaurus"

The reputation of Scauras' fish sauce was known to be of very high quality across the Mediterannean and its reputation travelled as far away as modern France.[20] Curtis has described this mosaic as a "an advertisement... and a rare, unequivocal example of a motif inspired by a patron, rather than by the artist." [21] In Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum, archeaological evidence also points to evidence of branding and labelling in relatively common use. Wine jars, for example, were stamped with names, such as "Lassius" and "L. Eumachius;" probably references to the name of the producer. Carbonized loaves of bread, found at Herculaneum, indicate that some bakers stamped their bread with the producer's name.[22]
David Wengrow has argued that branding became necessary following the urban revolution in ancient Mesopotamia in the 4th century BCE, when large-scale economies started mass-producing commodities such as alcoholic drinks, cosmetics and textiles. These ancient societies imposed strict forms of quality control over commodities, and also needed to convey value to the consumer through branding. Producers began by attaching simple stone seals to products which over time were transformed into clay seals bearing impressed images, often associated with the producer's personal identity thus giving the product a personality.[23]
Diana Twede has argued that the "consumer packaging functions of protection, utility and communication have been necessary whenever packages were the object of transactions" (p. 107). She has shown that amphoras used in Mediterranean trade between 1500 and 500 BCE exhibited a wide variety of shapes and markings, which provided information for transactions. Systematic use of stamped labels dates from around the fourth century BCE. In a largely pre-literate society, the shape of the amphora and its pictorial markings conveyed information about the contents, region of origin and even the identity of the producer which were understood to convey information about product quality.[24] Not all historians agree that these markings can be compared with modern brands or labels. Moore and Reid, for example, have argued that the distinctive shapes and markings in ancient containers should be termed proto-brands rather than modern brands.[25]
Marketing in the Middle Ages[edit]




Market scene by Pieter Aertsen, c.1550


In England and Europe during the Middle Ages, market towns sprang up. Some analysts have suggested that the term, 'marketing,' may have first been used in the context of market towns where the term 'marketing' may have been used by producers to describe the process of carting and selling their produce and wares in market towns. Blintiff has investigated the early Medieval networks of market towns and suggests that by the 12th century there was an upsurge in the number of market towns and the emergence of merchant circuits as traders bulked up surpluses from smaller regional, different day markets and resold them at the larger centralised market towns.[26]
Braudel and Reynold have made a systematic study of these European market towns between the thirteenth and fifteenth century. Their investigation shows that in regional districts markets were held once or twice a week, while daily markets were more common in the larger cities and towns. Over time, permanent shops began to open daily and gradually supplanted the periodic markets. Peddlers filled in the gaps in distribution by travelling door-to-door selling produce and wares. The physical market was characterised by transactional exchange and the economy was characterised by local trading. Braudel reports that, in 1600, goods travelled relatively short distances - grain 5–10 miles; cattle 40–70 miles; wool and wollen cloth 20–40 miles. However, following the European age of discovery, goods were imported from afar - calico cloth from India, porcelain, silk and tea from China, spices from India and South-East Asia and tobacco, sugar, rum and coffee from the New World.[27]




Bronze plate for printing an advertisement for the Liu family needle shop at Jinan, Song dynasty China. It is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.


Although the rise of consumer culture and marketing in Britain and Europe have been studied extensively, less is known about developments elsewhere.[28] Nevertheless, recent research suggests that China exhibited a rich history of early marketing practices; including branding, packaging, advertising and retail signage.[29] From as early as 200 BCE, Chinese packaging and branding was used to signal family, place names and product quality, and the use of government imposed product branding was used between 600 and 900 AD.[30] Eckhart and Bengtsson have argued that during the Song Dynasty (960–1127), Chinese society developed a consumerist culture, where a high level of consumption was attainable for a wide variety of ordinary consumers rather than just the elite (p. 212). The rise of a consumer culture led to the commercial investment in carefully managed company image, retail signage, symbolic brands, trademark protection and the brand concepts of baoji, hao, lei, gongpin, piazi and pinpai, which roughly equate with Western concepts of family status, quality grading, and upholding traditional Chinese values (p. 219). Eckhardt and Bengtsson's analysis suggests that brands emerged in China as a result of the social needs and tensions implicit in consumer culture, in which brands provide social status and stratification. Thus, the evolution of brands in China stands in sharp contrast to the West where manufacturers pushed brands onto the market in order to differentiate, increase market share and ultimately profits (pp 218–219).
Marketing in seventeenth and eighteenth century Europe[edit]




Josiah Wedgewood's 18th century techniques exhibited many of the characteristics of modern marketing


Scholars have identified specific instances of marketing practices in England and Europe in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries. As trade between countries or regions grew, companies required information on which to base business decisions. Individuals and companies carried out formal and informal research on trade conditions. In 1380, Johann Fugger travelled from Augsburg to Graben in order to gather information on the international textile industry. He exchanged detailed letters on trade conditions in relevant areas.[31] In the early 1700s British industrial houses were demanding information, that could be used for business decisions. During this period, Daniel Defoe, a London merchant, published information on trade and economic resources of England and Scotland.[32][33] Defoe was a prolific publisher and among his many publications are titles devoted to trade including; Trade of Britain Stated, 1707; Trade of Scotland with France, 1713 and The Trade to India Critically and Calmly Considered, 1720; all books that were highly popular with merchants and business houses of the period.[34] While such activities might now be recognised as marketing research, at that time they were known as 'commercial research' or 'commercial intelligence' and not seen as part of the repertoire of activities that make up contemporary marketing practice.
In a major review of consumer society, McKendrick, Brewer and Plumb found extensive evidence of eighteenth century English entrepreneurs using 'modern' marketing techniques, including product differentiation, sales promotion and loss leader pricing.[35] English industrialists, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, are often portrayed as pioneers of modern mass marketing methods.[36] Wedgewood was known to have used marketing techniques such as direct mail, travelling salesmen and catalogues in the eighteenth century.[37] Wedgewood also carried out serious investigations into the fixed and variable costs of production and recognised that increased production would lead to lower unit costs. He also inferred that selling at lower prices would lead to higher demand and recognised the value of achieving scale economies in production. By cutting costs and lowering prices, Wedgewood was able to generate higher overall profits.[38] Similarly, one of Wedgewood's contemporaries, Matthew Boulton, pioneered early mass production techniques and product differentiation at his Soho Manufactory in the 1760s. He also practiced planned obsolescence and understood the importance of 'celebrity marketing' - that is supplying the nobility, often at prices below cost and of obtaining royal patronage, for the sake of the publicity and cudos generated.[39]
Fullerton argues that the practice of market segmentation emerged well before marketers used the notion formally. [40] Certain strands of evidence suggest that simple examples of market segmentation were evident prior to the 1880s. The business historian, Richard S. Tedlow, argues that any attempt to segment markets prior to 1880 was highly fragmented since the economy was characterised by small, regional suppliers who mostly sold goods on a local or regional basis. [41] When retail shops began to appear from the 15th century, retailers needed to separate the "riff raff" from wealthier customers. Outside the major metropolitan cities, few stores could afford to serve one type of clientele exclusively. However, gradually retail shops introduced innovations that would allow them to separate wealthier customers from the "riff raff." One technique was to have a window opening out onto the street from which customers could be served. This allowed the sale of goods to the common people, without encouraging them to come inside. Another solution, that came into vogue from the late sixteenth century was to invite favoured customers into a back-room of the store, where goods were permanently on display. Yet another technique that emerged around the same time was to hold a showcase of goods in the shopkeeper's private home for the benefit of wealthier clients. Samuel Pepys, for example, writing in 1660, describes being invited to the home of a retailer to view a wooden jack.[42] The eighteenth century English entrepreneurs, Josiah Wedgewood and Matthew Boulton, both staged expansive showcases of their wares in their private residences or in rented halls.[43] Evidence of early marketing segmentation have also been noted across Europe. A study of the German book trade found examples of both product differentiation and market segmentation in the 1820s.[44]
Marketing in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries[edit]




Henry Ford began manufacturing the mass-produced Model T in 1908. Ford famously said that customers could own a car in any colour as long as it was black.


Until the nineteenth century, Western economies were characterised by small regional suppliers who sold goods on a local or regional basis. However, as transportation systems improved from the mid nineteenth century, the economy became more unified allowing companies to distribute standardised, branded goods a national level. This gave rise to a much broader mass marketing mindset. Manufacturers tended to insist on strict standardisation in order to achieve scale economies with a view to keeping production costs down and also to achieving market penetration in the early stages of a product's life cycle.[45] The Model T Ford was an example of a product being manufactured at a price that was affordable for the burgeoning middle classes.




Haven-Mason Hall at the University of Michigan, where the first academic course in marketing was taught


In the early twentieth century, as market size increased, it became more commonplace for manufacturers to produce a variety of models pitched at different quality points designed to meet the needs of various demographic and lifestyle market segments, giving rise to the widespread practice of market segmentation and product differentation.[46] Between 1902 -1910 George B Waldron, working at Mahin's advertising agency, used tax registers, city directories and census data to show advertisers the proportion of educated versus illiterate consumers and the earning capacity of different occupations in what is believed to be the first example of demographic segmentation of a population.[47] Within little more than a decade, Paul Cherington had developed the 'ABCD' household typology - the first socio-demographic segmentation tool.[48]
When Wendell R. Smith published his now classic article, Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies in 1956, he noted that he was simply documenting marketing practices that had been observed for some time and which he described as a "natural force".[49] Other theorists agree that Smith was simply codifying implicit knowledge that had been used in marketing and brand management from the early twentieth century.[50][51]
As industry grew, the demand for skilled business professionals also grew. To meet this demand, universities began offering courses in commerce, economics and marketing. Marketing, as a discipline, was first taught in universities in the very early twentieth century.[52] However, researchers only became interested in investigating the history of marketing in the mid twentieth century. From the outset, researchers tended to identify two strands of historical research; the history of marketing practice [53] and the history of marketing thought which was fundamentally concerned with the rise of marketing education and dissecting the way that marketing was taught and studied.[6][54] Early historical studies were primarily descriptive.
History of marketing practice[edit]
The practice of marketing may have been carried out for millennia, but the modern concept of marketing as a professional practice appears to have emerged the post industrial corporate world.[55] In addition to the studies of specific cultures or time periods, discussed in the preceding section, some historians of marketing have sought to write more general histories of marketing's evolution in the modern era. To do this, historians often turn to a method known as periodisation.[56] Periodisation refers to the process or study of categorizing the past into discrete, quantified named units for the purpose of analysis or study.[57]
A key question that has preoccupied researchers is whether specific orientations or mindsets that inform key periods of marketing's evolution can be identified. Marketers disagree about the precise periods that outline marketing practice and describe the way that marketing practice has evolved over time.[58]
Orientations or philosophies that inform marketing practice[edit]
In the marketing literature, continuing debate surrounds the orientations or philosophies that might have informed marketing practice at different periods of time. An orientation may be defind as "the type of activity or subject that an organization seems most interested in and gives most attention to." [59] In relation to marketing orientations, the term has been defined as a "philosophy of business management." [60] or "a corporate state of mind" [61] or as an "organisation[al] culture" [62]
Hollander et al. have identified fourteen different stage theories or short periodisations as well as a total of nineteen long periodisations that have been carried out since 1957. Of these, the contributions of Robert Keith (1960) and Ronald Fullerton (1988) are the most frequently cited.[63]
Keith's periodisation[edit]




Robert Keith's marketing eras (production →selling →marketing) were based entirely on his experience at the Pillsbury Company


In 1960, Robert Keith, the then Vice President of Pillsbury,[64] set the stage for decades of controversy when he published an article entitled the "Marketing Revolution" in which he set out the way that the Pillsbury Company had shifted from a focus on production in the 1860s through to a consumer focus in the 1950s. He traced three distinct eras in Pillsbury's evolution:[65]

The production oriented era from 1869 -1930s - characterised by a 'focus on production processes'
The sales oriented era from the 1930s to the 1950s - characterised by investment in research to develop new products and advertising to persuade markets of product benefits
The marketing oriented era from the beginning of the 1950s - characterised by a focus on the customer's latent and existing needs

In addition, Keith hypothesised that a marketing control era was about to emerge. Although Keith's article explicitly documented Pillsbury's evolution, the article appears to suggest that the stages observed at Pillsbury constitute a standard or normal evolutionary path (production→sales→marketing) for most large organisations.
Keith's notion of distinct eras in the evolution of marketing practice has been widely criticised and his periodisation described as "hopelessly flawed".[66][67] Specific criticisms of Keith's tripartite periodisation include that:

It ignores historical facts about business conditions [68]
It mis-states the nature of supply and demand [68]
It slights the growth of marketing institutions [69]

The article, which is entirely based on Keith's personal recollections and did not use a single reference, is best described as anecdotal. Systematic studies carried out since Keith's work have failed to replicate Keith's periodisation. Instead, other studies suggest that many companies exhibited a marketing orientation in the nineteenth century and that the business schools were teaching marketing decades before Pillsbury adopted a marketing oriented approach.[70] Jones and Richardson also investigated historical accounts of marketing practice and found evidence for both the sales and marketing era during the so-called production era and concluded that there was no 'marketing revolution.' [71] A detailed study of the chocolate manufacturer, Rowntree, found that this company had shifted from a production orientation through to a marketing orientation by the 1930s, without having transitioned through the so-called sales orientation.[72] Other critiques of Keith's work have pointed out that the so-called production era fails to align with historical facts and have suggested that it is a myth.[73] Keith's eras have become known, somewhat cynically, as the standard chronology.[74]
Fullerton's periodisation[edit]




The English industrial revolution is often seen as a trigger for the rise of modern marketing


In 1988, Fullerton developed a more subtle and nuanced periodisation for the so-called marketing eras.[75][76] Fullerton's eras were:[73]

The era of antecedents 1500 -1750 - a long gestational period in which people were largely self-sufficient and rural; economy characterised by low levels of consumption; commerce was seen as suspicious
The era of origins 1750-1870 - precipitated by the dislocations of the English industrial revolution and the rise of a more urban population, this era is characterised by more attention to persuasive tactics designed to stimulate demand
The era of institutional development 1850-1929 - many of the large institutions and modern marketing practices emerged during this period
The era of refinement and formalisation 1930–present [1988] - further development and refinement of principles and practices developed in the preceding period

In spite of the intense criticism levelled at Keith's eras of marketing practice, his periodisation is the most frequently cited in text-books [56] and has become the accepted wisdom.[15] One content analysis of 25 introductory and advanced texts found that Keith's eras were reproduced in all but four.[77][70] Another study, which examined 15 of the top selling marketing texts, found that the although the incidence of repeating Keith's eras was waning, it had not been replaced by Fullerton's periodisation, nor any other more meaningful framework.[78]
Other periodisations[edit]
For all the controversies surrounding the so-called marketing stages or periods, Keith and others appear to have contributed a lasting legacy.[79] A study by Grundey (2010) suggests that many contemporary text-books begin with Keith's eras and expand on it by including newer concepts such as the societal marketing concept, the relationship marketing concept and the interfunctional concept, as shown in the table below.[80] More recently, Kotler and Keller added the holistic marketing concept to the list of eras in marketing.[81] Marketing theorists continue to debate whether the holistic era represents a genuine new orientation or whether it is an extension of the marketing concept.[82] Grundey summarised five different periodisations in the history of marketing, as shown in the following table, as a means of highlighting the general lack of agreement among scholars.[83]

Marketing Philosophies or Orientations Cited in Popular Texts

Dibb & Simkin, 2004 [84]
Lancaster & Reynolds, 2005 [85]
Blythe, 2005 [86]
Drummmond & Ensor, 2005 [87]
Morgan, 1996 [88]


1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Production orientation
1. Cost philosophy


2. Financial orientation
2. Sales orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product orientation
2. Product philosophy


3. Sales orientation
3. Marketing orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Sales orientation
3. Production philosophy


4. Marketing orientation

4. Customer orientation
4. Financial orientation
4. Sales philosophy


5. Customer orientation

5. Societal marketing
5. Marketing orientation
5. Erratic philosophy


6. Competitor orientation

6. Relationship orientation

6. Marketing philosophy


7. Interfunctional orientation



7. Social marketing philosophy


Source: Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
Brief description of the most commonly cited periods[edit]
The general lack of agreement amongst scholars as to what constitutes clearly identifiable periods and the orientation that characterised each distinct period has spawned a lengthy list of orientations. Space prevents an exhaustive description of all periods or eras. However, the most commonly cited periods appear in the following section.
Production orientation[edit]




The production orientation is one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers


A production orientation is often proposed as the first of the so-called orientations that dominated business thought. Keith dated the production era from the 1860s to the 1930s, but other theorists argue that evidence of the production orientation can still be found in some companies or industries. Specifically Kotler and Armstrong note that the production philosophy is "one of the oldest philosophies that guides sellers... [and] is still useful in some situations." [89]
The production orientation is characterised by:[90]

a focus on production, manufacturing, and efficiency
attainment of economies of scale, economies of scope, experience effects or all three
an assumption that demand exceeds supply
a mindset that is encapsulated by Say's Law; "Supply creates its own demand" or "if somebody makes a product, somebody else will want to buy it"
limited research - and largely limited to technical-product research rather than customer research
this orientation rose to prominence in an environment which had a shortage of manufactured goods relative to demand, so goods sold easily.
minimal promotion and advertising, marketing communications limited to raising awareness of the product's existence

Selling orientation[edit]




The sales orientation, often characterised by door-to-door selling is thought to have begun during the Great Depression of the 1890s and continues to this day. Pictured: A Rawleigh's salesman in 1915


The selling orientation is thought to have begun during the Great Depression and continued well into the 1950s although examples of this orientation can still be found today.[91] Kotler et al. note that the selling concept "is typically practised with unsought goods." [92]
The selling orientation is characterised by:

Aggressive selling to push products, often involving door-to-door selling
Accepting every possible sale or booking, regardless of its suitability for the business
Has a strongly transactional focus (ignores potential relationships)

The marketing orientation[edit]
The marketing orientation or the marketing concept emerged in the 1950s.
Characteristics of the marketing orientation:[93]

A thorough understanding of the customer's needs, wants and behaviours should be the focal point of all marketing decisions
Marketing efforts (sales, advertising, product management, pricing) should be integrated and in tune with the customer
New product concepts should flow from extensive market analysis and product testing

The societal marketing concept[edit]
Main article: Societal marketing
Societal marketing orientation or societal marketing concept was first proposed in the 1970s [94] by Phillip Kotler in an article published in the Harvard Business Review.[95] The societal marketing concept adopts the position that marketers have a greater social responsibility than simply satisfying customers and providing them with superior value. Instead, marketing activities should strive to benefit society's overall well-being. Marketing organisations that have embraced the societal marketing concept typically identify key stakeholder groups including: employees, customers, local communities, the wider public and government. They ensure that marketing activities do not damage the environment and are not hazardous to broader society. Societal marketing developed into sustainable marketing.
Characteristics of societal marketing:[96]

An attempt to balance corporate commitments to groups and individuals in its environment, including customers, other businesses, employees and investors.
Companies must include social and ethical considerations into their marketing practices
Consideration is given to the environment includes problems such as air, water and land pollution
Consideration is given to consumer rights, unfair pricing and ethics in advertising

Relationship orientation[edit]
Main article: Relationship marketing
Starting in the 1990s, a new stage of marketing emerged called relationship marketing. The focus of relationship marketing is on a long-term relationship that benefits both the company and the customer.[97] The relationship is based on trust and commitment, and both companies tend to shift their operating activities to be able to work more efficiently together.[98] One of the most prominent reasons for relationship marketing comes from Kotler's idea that it costs about five times more to obtain a new customer than to maintain the relationship with an existing customer.[99] A relationship marketing approach seeks to maximise the value of all the potential exchanges an organisation could have into the future.[100]
The characteristics of relationship marketing include:[101]

A focus on the relationship between seller and buyer
An investment in the lifetime of relationships (customer lifetime value) rather than single transactions
An orientation on product benefits and/or customer value
High customer service; high customer commitment; high customer contact
Quality is the concern of all
All activities are coordinated with the customer interface, including the customer's involvement in the firm’s processes
Customised offerings, where practical

Empirical support for relationship marketing as a distinct paradigm is very weak. One study suggests that relationship marketing is really a sub-component of large scale movements of the value-added process rather than a separate era or framework.[102] Some theorists suggest that marketing is moving from a relationship marketing paradigm and towards a social media paradigm where marketers have access to a more controlled environment and are able to customise offers and communications messages.[97][103]
History of marketing thought[edit]




University of Pennsylvania was among the first universities to offer courses in marketing


Dating the history of marketing thought is just as problematic as the history of markting practice. Marketing historians cannot agree on how to date the beginnings of marketing thought. Eric Shaw, for instance, suggests that a period of pre-academic marketing thought can be identified prior to 1900.[104] Other historians, on the other hand, suggest that the theory of marketing only emerged in the 20th century when the discipline began to offer courses at universities.[105] Nevertheless, the birth of marketing as a discipline is usually designated to the first decade of the twentieth century when "marketing courses" appeared in universities. In 1902, the University of Michigan offered what many believe to be the very first course in marketing.[106] In the academic year, 1904-1905, the University of Pennsylvania commenced teaching marketing. Other universities soon followed, including the Harvard Business School.[107]
Prior to the emergence of marketing courses, marketing was treated as a branch of economics and was often called applied economics. Early marketing theories were described as modifications or adaptations of economic theories.[108]
A periodisation approach[edit]
Several scholars have attempted to describe the evolution of marketing thought chronologically and to connect it with broader intellectual and academic trends. Bartels (1965) sketched an account of marketing's formative periods, and Shah and Gardner (1982) briefly considered the development of the six dominant schools in contemporary marketing. However, these initial attempts have been described as descriptive. (Savitt, 1980). One of the first theorists to consider the stages in the development of marketing thought was Robert Bartels, who in the The History of Marketing Thought, (1965) used a periodisation approach. He categorised the development of marketing theory decade by decade from the beginning of the 20th century:

1900s: discovery of basic concepts and their exploration
1910s: conceptualisation, classification and definition of terms
1920s: integration on the basis of principles
1930s: development of specialisation and variation in theory
1940s: reappraisal in the light of new demands and a more scientific approach
1950s: reconceptualisation in the light of managerialism, social development and quantitative approaches
1960s: differentiation on bases such as managerialism, holism, environmentalism, systems, and internationalism
1970s: socialisation; the adaptation of marketing to social change

A 'schools of thought' approach[edit]
Other marketing historians have eschewed the periodisation approach, and instead considered whether distinct schools within marketing reflect different facets of common theory and whether a more unifying intellectual structure has emerged. These approaches tend to identify distinct schools of thought. A school of thought refers to an intellectual tradition or a group of scholars who share a common philosophy or set of ideas.[109] Marketing historians, Shaw and Jones, define a school of thought as one that has "a substantial body of knowledge; developed by a number of scholars; and describing at least one aspect of the what, how, who, why, when and where of performing marketing activities." [110]
Of those who identify schools, there is no real agreement about which schools were dominant at different stages in marketing's development. It should be noted that two or more schools of thought can co-exist at the same time. In the following section, a brief overview of the contributions of key thinkers will be outlined with respect to the prevailing schools that have dominated marketing thought. To a certain extent, there is some agreement that in early marketing thought, three so-called traditional schools, namely the commodity school, the functional school and the institutional school co-existed.[111] Marketing historians such as Eric Shaw and Barton A. Weitz point to the publication of Wroe Alderson's book, Marketing Behavior and Executive Action (1957), as a break-point in the history of marketing thought,[112] moving from the macro functions-institutions-commodities approach to a micromarketing management paradigm. Following on from Alderson, marketing began to incorporate other fields of knowledge besides economics, notably behavioral science, becoming a multidisciplinary field. For some scholars, Alderson's book marks the beginning of the Marketing Management Era.
Hunt and Goolsby, identified four schools of thought that have dominated marketing, namely; the commodity school, the institutional school, the functional school and the managerial school.[113]

The Commodity School: A focus on different types of goods in the marketplace and how they are marketed.[114]
The Institutional School: Emphasised the functions of middlemen (or intermediaries); similar to the functional school, but with a focus on channel flows.[115]
The Functional School: A focus on the characteristics of marketing, identifying the functions and systems of marketing; adopts a systems approach.[110]
The Managerial School: A focus on the problems faced by marketing managers; focuses on the perspective of the seller.[116]

Some marketing historians like Jagdish Sheth have identified the modern "marketing schools" as:[117]

The Managerial school emerged during the late 1950s and became arguably the predominant and most influential school of thought in the field
The Consumer/buyer behavior school, which dominated the academic field in the second half of the twentieth century (apart from the Managerial school), features theories emerging from behavioral science
The Social exchange school, which focuses on exchange as the fundamental concept of marketing

Yet other commentators identify a broader range of schools. O'Malley and Lichrou, for example, document the schools as:[118]

Functional: What activities does marketing perform? Focus on intermediaries and value adding.
Commodities: How are goods classified? Focus on classification of goods; trade flows
Marketing Institutions: Who performs marketing functions on commodities? Focus on retailers, wholesalers, intermediaries, distribution channels
Marketing Management: How should marketers and managers market products and services to consumers? Business firm as seller/ supplier
Marketing Systems: What is a marketing system and how does it work? Channels of distribution and aggregate systems,
Consumer behaviour: How and why do consumers buy? organisational buyer and consumer buyer
Macro-marketing: How do marketing systems impact on society? Industries, channels, consumer movement, environmentalism
Exchange: What are the forms of exchange? Who are the parties to the exchange process? Aggregations of buyers and sellers
Marketing history: When did marketing practice and ideas emerge and evolve? Marketing thought and marketing practice

Brief description of the dominant schools of thought[edit]
The following sections briefly outlines the schools of thought as conceptualised by key thinkers in the discipline.
Marketing management[edit]
The marketing management school, which emerged as the dominant school in 1960 following the publication of Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach, written by E. Jerome McCarthy, replaced the so-called functional school which had been the dominant for the first part of the twentieth century. In the words of Hunt and Goolsby, the publication of McCarthy's text, sounded the "beginning of the end for the functional school." [119] However, Hunt and Goolsby note that the 1960s was a transitional period in which both the functional school and the managerial school co-existed.[120] Shaw and Jones have described the emergence of the managerial school in the mid twentieth century as a "paradigm shift." [121]
Key works in the marketing management tradition include Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action, (1957), Howard's Marketing Management (1957), Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints, (1957) and McCarthy's Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).[122]
Key innovations that influenced marketing practice[edit]

1450: Gutenberg's metal movable type, leading eventually to mass-production of flyers and brochures [123]
1600s: Paid advertising in Italy
1600s: Use of handbills and posters is common practice in Elizabethan England
1605: World's first newspaper published in Germany [124]
1600s and 1700s: Posters and handbills used for promotion in England [123]
1665: The Oxford Gazette first published in England (later renamed the London Gazette and still published today) [125]
1700s: Widespread emergence of newspapers and magazines in England (a future vector of niche marketing)
1719: The Daily Post first published; early instance of a periodical dedicated to business, science and innovation
1836: Paid advertising in a newspaper (in France) [123]
1839: Posters on private property banned in England [123]
1864: Earliest recorded use of the telegraph for mass unsolicited spam
1867: Earliest recorded billboard rentals
1876: Films produced by French film-makers, Auguste and Louis Lumiere, made at the request of a representative of Lever Brothers in France and feature Sunlight soap, are thought to be the first recorded instance of paid product placement.[126]
1880s: Early examples of trademarks as branding
1902: The first marketing course, taught by Edward David Jones, was offered at the University of Michigan
1905: The University of Pennsylvania offered a course in "The Marketing of Products"[127]
1908: Harvard Business School opens - Harvard was an early influence on marketing thought [128]
1920: The magazine, Variety, reports that 50% of cinemas show advertising programmes [129]
1920s: Radio advertising commences
1940s: Electronic computers developed
1941: First recorded use of television advertising
1950s: Systematization of telemarketing [130]
1957: Three key scholarly texts published Wroe Alderson's Marketing Behavior and Executive Action; Howard's Marketing Management and Lazer's Managerial Marketing: Perspectives and Viewpoints
1960 E. Jerome McCarthy published his now classic, Basic Marketing: A Managerial Approach (1960).
1970s: E-commerce developed
1980s: Development of database marketing as precursor to CRM[131]
1980s: Emergence of relationship marketing
1980s: Emergence of computer-oriented spam
1984: Introduction of guerrilla tactics
1985: Desktop publishing democratizes the production of print-advertising (precursor to consumer-generated media and content)
1991: IMC gains academic status [132]
Mid 1990s: Modern search engines started appearing in the mid-1990s, with Google making its debut in 1998 [123]
1990s CRM and IMC (in various guises and names) gain dominance in promotions and marketing planning,[133][134]
1995-2001: The Dot-com bubble temporarily re-defines[citation needed] the future of marketing
1996: Identification of viral marketing
2000s: Integrated marketing gains widespread acceptance with its first dedicated academic research centre opened in 2002[135][136]
2003 -2006: Emergence of social media. MySpace and LinkedIn emerged in 2003, Facebook in 2004 and Twitter in 2006.[123]

See also[edit]


Advertising - article is primarily about the history of advertising
Advertising management - concerned with the theories and tactics that inform the practice of advertising
Branding - article contains short history of branding
List of the oldest newspapers
Market economy - article provides a brief history and background to key thinkers
Marketing
Marketing research -article discusses the history of marketing research
Market segmentation - article provides a brief history of segmentation
Market (place) - history of marketplaces from antiquity to present day
Psychological pricing
Retail - contains a short history of retailing and marketing practices used in modern retail


Early marketing theorists[edit]


Al Ries - advertising executive, author and credited with coining the term, 'positioning' in the late 1960s
Arch Wilkinson Shaw (1876-1962) - early management theorist, proponent of the scientific approach to marketing
Charles Coolidge Parlin(1872-1942) - pioneer of market and advertising research methods
E. Jerome McCarthy - developed the concept of the 4 Ps
Edward Filene (1860-1937) - pioneer or modern retailing methods
Ernest Dichter (1907-1991) - pioneer of motivational research
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - developed the survey questionnaire for use in market research
Jack Trout - advertising executive, author and partnered with Al Ries in popularising the positioning concept
John E. Jeuck (1916-2009) - early marketing educator
Henry Charles Taylor (1873-1969) - the agricultural marketer
Henry Grady Weaver (1889-1949) - pioneer of consumer research
Neil H. Borden (1922-1962) - coined the term, 'marketing mix'
Philip Kotler (1931-) - popularised the managerial approach to marketing, prolific author
Theodore Levitt (1925-2006) - former editor of Harvard Business Review, prolific author of marketing articles and famed for his article, "Marketing Myopia"
Wroe Alderson (1898-1965) - proponent of marketing science and instrumental in developing the functional school of marketing
Jerry (Yoram) Wind - editor in chief of the Journal of Marketing and other leading journals; educator and author


References[edit]


^ Jones, Brian D. G.; Shaw, Eric H. (2006). "A History of Marketing Thought". Handbook of Marketing. Weitz, Barton A.; Wensley, Robin (editors). Sage. pp. 582 pages. ISBN 1-4129-2120-1. 
^ English Language and Usage, http://english.stackexchange.com/questions/335201/etymology-of-marketing-how-when-did-it-change-meaning
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 50
^ a b Hollander, Stanley C.; Rassuli, Kathleen M.; Jones, D. G. Brian; Dix, Laura Farlow (2005). "Periodization in Marketing History". Journal of Macromarketing. 25 (1): 32–41. doi:10.1177/0276146705274982. 
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ a b Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio, Grid, 1976
^ Etymology Dictionary Online, http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=marketing
^ https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/marketing#English
^ Berghoff, H., Scranton. P. and Spiekermann , U. (eds), The Rise of Marketing and Market Research: Worlds of Consumption, [German Historical Society], NY, Palgrave Macmillan, 2012, p. 2
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, pp 445-461
^ Dixon, D.F., "Medieval Macromarketing Thought," In Macromarketing,George Fisk and Phillip White (eds), pp 59–69. Boulder, University of Colorado Press, 1980
^ Nevett, T., "Historical Investigation and the Practice of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 55, No. 3, 1991, pp 13–24
^ Berger, A., Marketing and American Consumer Culture: A Cultural Studies Analysis, Springer, 2016
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. xxx
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, p. 39, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Enright, M., "Marketing and Conflicting Dates for its Emergence: Hotchkiss, Bartels, the ‘Fifties School’ and Alternative Accounts," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 18, 2002, p. 454-55
^ Maran, J. and Stockhammer, P.W. (eds), Materiality and Social Practice: Transformative Capacities of Intercultural Encounters, Oxford, UK, Oxbow, 2012
^ Demirdjian, Z. S., "Rise and Fall of Marketing in Mesopotamia: A Conundrum in the Cradle of Civilization," In The Future of Marketing's Past: Proceedings of the 12th Annual Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing, Leighton Neilson (ed.), CA, Longman, Association for Analysis and Research in Marketing, 2005
^ Clarke, J. R. in Dobbins, J. J. and Foss, P. W., The World of Pompeii, Oxford, Routledge, 2008, p. 330; Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, 1984, DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4 (Oct., 1984), DOI: 10.2307/504744, pp. 557-566, Stable URL: http://www.jstor.org/stable/504744
^ Curtis, R.I., "A Personalized Floor Mosaic from Pompeii," American Journal of Archaeology, Vol. 88, No. 4, p. 557
^ Beard, M., The Fires of Vesuvius: Pompeii Lost and Found, Harvard University Press, 2008; See Chapter 5, "Earning a Living: Baker, Banker and Garum Maker,"
^ Wengrow, D., "Prehistories of Commodity Branding," Current Anthropology,Vol. 49, No. 1, 2008, pp. 7-34
^ Twede, D., "Commercial amphoras: The earliest consumer packages?" Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 22, No. 1, 2002, pp 98–108
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 Years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. p. 5; 23
^ Bintliff, J., "Going to Market in Antiquity," In Stuttgarter Kolloquium zur Historischen Geographie des Altertums, Eckart Olshausen and Holger Sonnabend (eds), Stuttgart, Franz Steiner, 2002, p.224
^ Braudel, F. and Reynold, S., The Wheels of Commerce: Civilization and Capitalism, 15th to 18th Century, Berkely, CA, University of California Press, 1992
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 888
^ Moore, K. and Reid., S., "The Birth of the Brand: 4000 years of Branding," Business History, Vol. 50, 2008. pp 419-32.
^ Eckhardt, G.M. and Bengtsson. A. "A Brief History of Branding in China," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol, 30, no. 3, 2010, pp 210-221
^ Nair, S. R., Market Research: Text and Cases, 2nd ed., Himalaya Publishing House, 2014, p. 21 <Online: www.himpub.com/documents/Chapter873.pdf>
^ Minto, W., Daniel Defoe, Tredition Classics, [Project Gutenberg ed.], Chapter 10
^ Richetti, J., The Life of Daniel Defoe: A Critical Biography, Malden, MAm Blackwell, 2005, 2015, pp 147-49 and 158-59
^ Backscheider, P.R., 'Daniel Defoe: His Life, Baltimore, Maryland, Johns Hopkins University Press, 1989
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Tadajewski, M. and Jones, D.G.B., "Historical research in marketing theory and practice: a review essay," Journal of Marketing Management, Vol. 30, No. 11-12, 2014 [Special Issue: Pushing the Boundaries, Sketching the Future], pp 1239-1291
^ Flanders, J., "They Broke It," New York Times, 9 January 2009, <Online:http://www.nytimes.com/2009/01/10/opinion/10flanders.html?_r=2>
^ Drake, D., "Dinnerware & Cost Accounting? The Story of Josiah Wedgwood: Potter and Cost Accountant," HQ FINANCIAL VIEWS, Volume I, 1 May–July, 2005, pp 1-3
^ Applbaum, K., The Marketing Era: From Professional Practice to Global Provisioning, Routledge, 2004, p. 126-127
^ Fullerton, R., "Segmentation in Practice: An Overview of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Centuries," in Jones,D.G.B. and Tadajewski,M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Routledge, 2016, p. 94
^ In his oft-cited work, New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp. 4–12, Richard Tedlow outlines first three stages: fragmentation (prior to 1880), unification and the segmentation (1880-1920); segmentation era (1920s–1980s). In a subsequent work, published three years later, Tedlow and his co-author thought that they had seen evidence of a new trend and added a fourth era, termed Hyper-segmentation (post 1980s); See Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Cox, N.C. and Dannehl, K., Perceptions of Retailing in Early Modern England, Aldershot, Hampshire, Ashgate, 2007, pp. 155–59
^ McKendrick, N., Brewer, J. and Plumb . J.H., The Birth of a Consumer Society: The Commercialization of Eighteenth Century England, London, 1982.
^ Fullerton, R.A., "Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspectives in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan (eds), Singapore, Association for Consumer Research, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05; Ronald A. Fullerton ,"Segmentation Strategies and Practices in the 19th-Century German Book Trade: A Case Study in the Development of a Major Marketing Technique", in Historical Perspective in Consumer Research: National and International Perspectives, eds. Jagdish N. Sheth and Chin Tiong Tan, Singapore : Association for Consumer Research, 1985, pp 135-139 <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12130/volumes/sv05/SV-05>
^ Tedlow, R.A. and Jones, G., The Rise and Fall of Mass Marketing, Routledge, N.Y., 1993 Ch 2
^ Tedlow, R., New and Improved: The Story of Mass Marketing in America, Basic Books, N.Y. 1990 pp 4-12
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 66; Lockley, L.C., "Notes on the History of Marketing Research", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 14, No. 5 (Apr., 1950), pp. 733-736 https://www.jstor.org/stable/1246952?seq=1#fndtn-page_scan_tab_contents
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Tadajewski, M. (eds), The Routledge Companion to Marketing History, Oxon, Routledge, 2016, p. 71)
^ Smith, W.R., "Product Differentiation and Market Segmentation as Alternative Marketing Strategies," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 21, No. 1 , 1956, pp. 3–8 and reprinted in Marketing Management, Vol. 4, No. 3, 1995, pp. 63–65
^ Cano, C., "The Recent Evolution of Market Segmentation Concepts and Thoughts Primarily by Marketing Academics," in E. Shaw (ed) The Romance of Marketing History, Proceedings of the 11th Conference on Historical Analysis and Research in Marketing (CHARM), Boca Ranton, FL, AHRIM, 2003.
^ Schwarzkopf, S., "Turning Trade Marks into Brands: how Advertising Agencies Created Brands in the Global Market Place, 1900–1930" CGR Working Paper, Queen Mary University, London, 18 August 2008
^ Maynard, H. H., "Marketing Courses Prior to 1910," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 5, no. 4, pp 382-384
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Maynard, H. H., "Early Teachers of Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 7, No. 2, pp 158-159; Maynard, H. H., Weidler, W. C. & Beckman, T. N., Principles of Marketing, New York, The Ronald Press, 1927
^ Southerton, D. (ed.), Encyclopedia of Consumer Culture, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 2011 p. 890
^ a b Hollander, S.C., Rassuli, K.M. Jones, G.D.B., and Dix, L.F., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25 No. 1, June 2005, pp 32-41, DOI: 10.1177/0276146705274982
^ Collins Dictionary Online, https://www.collinsdictionary.com/dictionary/english/periodization
^ Stowe, N. J., "Periodization of the History of Marketing Thought," In Proceedings of the First North America Workshop on Historical Research in Marketing, Stanley C. Hollander and Ronald Savitt (eds), East Lansing, Michigan State University Press, 1983, pp 1-12.
^ http://www.ldoceonline.com/dictionary/orientation
^ Mc Namara (1972) cited in Deshpande, R., Developing a Market Orientation, Thousand Oaks, CA, Sage, 1999, p. 11
^ Kohli, A.K. and Jaworski, B.J., "Market Orientation: The Construct, Research Propositions, and Managerial Implications," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 54, April 1990, pp 1-18
^ Narver, J.C. and Slater, S.F., "The Effect of a Market Orientation on Business Profitability, " Journal of Marketing, Vol 54, no. 4, pp 20-34.
^ Hollander, S.C., Jones, D.G.B. and Dix, L., "Periodization in Marketing History," Journal of Macromarketing, Vol. 25, no. 1, pp 33-39
^ Holloway, R.J., "Leaders in Marketing: Robert Keith," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 32, July 1968, pp 74-75
^ Keith, R. J., "The Marketing Revolution," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 24, No. 1; Jul 1959-Apr 1960, pp 35-38
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, pp 25-26
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 75-91
^ a b Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," (originally published in Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13) and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 81
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p. 82
^ a b Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Richardson, A.J., "The Myth of the Marketing Revolution" Journal of Macromarketing, March 1, 2007
^ Fitzgerald, R., "Rowntree and Market Strategy: 1897-1939," Business and Economic History, Vol. 18, 1989, pp 45- 58,
^ a b Fullerton, E.A., "How Modern Is Modern Marketing? Marketing's Evolution and the Myth of the 'Production Era' ", Journal of Marketing, Vol. 52, No. 1, 1988, pp. 108-125
^ Jones, D.G.B. and Shaw, E.H., “A history of marketing thought”, in Weitz, B.A. and Wensley, R. (Eds), Handbook of Marketing, Sage, London, 2002, pp. 39-66; Shaw, E.H., “Reflections on the history of marketing thought”, Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 1 No. 2, 2009, pp. 330-345.
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 26, http://www.jstor.org/stable/1251689
^ Gilbert, D. and Bailey, N., "The Development of Marketing: A Compendium of Historical Approaches," Quarterly Review of Marketing, vol. 15, no. 2, 1990, pp 6-13 and reproduced in Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, pp 84-86
^ Hollander, 1986
^ Brown, S., "Trinitarianism: The Eternal Angel and the Three Eras Schema," in Brown, S., Bell, J. and Carson, D., Marketing Apocalypse: Eschatology, Escapology and the Illusion of the End, London, Routledge, 1996, p. 27
^ Olsen, B. and Costas, H., "The Periodization of Marketing: Myth or Reality? Evidence from the Scott Paper Company, " Academy of Marketing Studies Journal, Vol. 15, No. S2, 2011
^ Dainora Grundey, "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p. 170
^ Kotler and Keller advanced the notion of a holistic era in Kevin Lane Keller and Philip Kotler, “Holistic Marketing: A Broad, Integrated Perspective to Marketing Management,” in Does Marketing Need Reform?, Jagdish Sheth and Raj Sisodia (eds), 2006, pp 300-305; did not include it in their 2008 publication but added it back in their most recent work; Kotler, P and Keller, K.L., A Framework for Marketing Management, 6th Global ed., Harlow, Essex, Pearson, 2016, pp 34-35
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, pp 171-172
^ Grundey, D., "The Marketing Philosophy and Challenges for the New Millennium", Scientific Bulletin – Economic Sciences: Marketing, Commerce and Tourism, Vol. 9, no. 15, 2010, p.170
^ Dibb, S. and Simkin, L., Marketing Briefs: A Revision and Study Guide, 2nd ed., Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth-Heinemann, 2004.
^ Lancaster , G. and Reynolds, P. Management of Marketing, Burlington: Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Blythe, J., Essentials of Marketing, 3rd Ed., Harlow. Pearson, 2005
^ Drummond, G., Ensor, J., Introduction to Marketing Concepts, Burlington, Elsevier Butterworth- Heinemann, 2005
^ Morgan, R.E., "Conceptual foundations of marketing and marketing theory", Management Decision , Vol. 34, no 10, pp. 19-26, 1996
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 28
^ Kotler,P., "Marketing Management: Analysis, Planning, Implementation and Control",Prentice Hall, 1997 p.17
^ Solomon, N.R., Marshall, G. and Stuart, E., Marketing: Real People, Real Choices, 5th ed, Pearson, 2009, Chapter 1
^ Kotler, P., Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 12th ed., Upper Saddle River, Pearson Education, 2008, p. 29
^ McGee, L.W. and Spiro, R.L., "The Marketing Concept in Perspective," Business Horizons, May–June, 1988, pp 40-45
^ Blackwell Reference, http://www.blackwellreference.com/public/tocnode?id=g9780631233176_chunk_g978140510254422_ss1-48
^ Kotler, P., "What consumerism means for marketers", Harvard Business Review, vol. 50, no. 3, 1972, pp 48-57
^ Kotler, P and Armstrong, G., Principles of Marketing, 9th ed., Prentice Hall; Griffin and Ebrert, Business 5th edition, Prentice Hall
^ a b White, D. Steven. "The Evolution of Marketing". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Spiro, Roseann; Gregory Rich; William Stanton (2008). Management of a Sales Force (12th ed.). McGraw-Hill Irwin. ISBN 978-0-07-352977-6. 
^ McClintic Marion, Allison. "Marketing: Historical Perspectives". Retrieved 11 July 2011. 
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>, p. 35
^ Christopher, M., Payne, A. and Ballantyne, D., Relationship Marketing: Bringing Quality, Customer Service, and Marketing Together, Oxford: Butterworth-Heinemann, 1991, p. 9
^ Manna, D.R. and Smith, A.D., "Measuring The Theoretical Paradigm Shift From Marketing Mix To Relational Marketing," International Business & Economics Research Journal, Vol. 2, No. 11, 2000, pp 1-8
^ Peppers & Rogers Group, Relationship Marketing 3.0: Thriving in Marketing's New Ecosystem, [White Paper], 2009
^ Shaw, E.H., (2015) "Teaching the history of marketing thought: an approach", Journal of Historical Research in Marketing, Vol. 7 Iss: 2
^ Bartels, R.,"The Identity Crisis in Marketing," Journal of Marketing, Vol. 38, No. 4, pp 73-76; Bartels, R., The History of Marketing Thought, Columbus, Ohio: Grid.
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, "A History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Barton A Weitz and Robin Wensley (eds), Sage, 2003, p. 52
^ Volpato, G. and Stocchetti, A., "Old and new approaches to marketing: The quest of their epistemological roots," MPRA Paper No. 30841, 2009, <Online: https://mpra.ub.uni-muenchen.de/30841>
^ Ferrell, O.C., Hair J.C. Jr., Marshall, G.W. and Tamilia, R.D., "Understanding the History of Marketing Education to Improve Classroom Instruction," Marketing Education Review, Vol. 25, no. 2, p. 161, DOI:10.1080/10528008.2015.1038963
^ Business Dictionary, http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/school-of-thought.html
^ a b Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 241
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 230-
^ Bartels, Robert (1988). The History of Marketing Thought (3rd. ed.). Columbus: Publishing Horizons. 
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-37, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Ferrell, O.C., Ferrell,L. and Sawayda, J.,"A Historical Review and Reconceptualization of Commodity Marketing," in Commodity Marketing, Enke, Margit, Geigenmüller, Anja, Leischnig, Alexander (Eds), Springer, DOI: 10.1007/978-3-658-02925-8_22, pp 431-447
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, p. 245 and 252
^ Shaw, E. H and Jones, D.G.B., "A history of schools of marketing thought," Marketing Theory, Vol 5, No 3, 2005, pp 257-58
^ Sheth, J. N. and Gardner, D.M., Marketing Theory: Evolution and Evaluation, New York, Wiley, 1988
^ O'Malley, L. and Lichrou, M., "Marketing Theory," in Baker, M.J. and Hart, S., The Marketing Book, 7th ed., Routledge, Oxon, UK, 2016, pp 37-52
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf
^ Hunt, Shelby D. and Goolsby, Jerry, "The Rise and Fall of the Functional Approach to Marketing: A Paradigm Displacement Perspective," in Historical Perspectives in Marketing: Essays in Honour of Stanley Hollander, Terence Nevett and Ronald Fullerton (eds), Lexington, MA, Lexington Books, pp 35-51, sdh.ba.ttu.edu/Rise%20and%20Fall%20(88).pdf, p. 41
^ Shaw, E.H. and Jones, D.G.B, " A History of Marketing Thought," Marketing Theory, 2005; Vol. 5, No. 3, p. 239
^ Brian Jones, D.G. and Shaw, E.H, "The History of Marketing Thought," in Handbook of Marketing, Weitz, R. and Wensley, R. (eds), London, UK, 2003, p. 60
^ a b c d e f Bennett, S., "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Strassburg, J., "1605:The Origins of the Newspaper in Europe, German History, Vol. 24, no. 3, 2006, pp 387–412, http://gh.oxfordjournals.org/content/24/3/387.abstract, doi=10.1191/0266355406gh380oa
^ Mitchell Archives, "The First True Newspaper in History," <Online: http://mitchellarchives.com/the-first-true-newspaper-in-history.htm>
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, pp 19-20
^ http://www.faculty.missouristate.edu/c/ChuckHermans/Bartels.htm
^ Jones, D. G. B. and Monieson, D.D., "Early Development of the Philosophy of Marketing Thought," In Marketing: Critical Perspectives on Business and Management, Vol. 2, Michael John Baker (ed), London, Routledge, 2001, p.92
^ Lehu, J-M, Branded Entertainment: Product Placement & Brand Strategy in the Entertainment Business, Kogan Page, 2007, p. 20
^ Bennett, Shea, "From Print to Social Media: The History of Marketing," AdWeek [Trade Magazine], 10 August 2012, <Online: http://www.adweek.com/digital/history-marketing>
^ Jenkinson, A., "Do organisations now understand the importance of information in providing excellent customer experience?" Journal of Database Marketing & Customer Strategy Management, Vol. 13 no 4., 2006, pp 248-260
^ Schultz, D. E., "Integrated Marketing Communications: The Status of Integrated Marketing Communications Programs in the US Today," Journal of Promotion Management, Vol 1, No 1, 1991, 99-104
^ Pickton, D. and Broderick, A., Integrated Marketing Communications, 2nd ed, Financial Times/Prentice Hall, Harlow, England, 2008
^ Payne, A., Handbook of CRM: Achieving Excellence in Customer Management, Burlington, MA, Butterworth Heinemann, 2008 [Chapter 1]
^ See www.centreforintegratedmarketing.com at the University of Bedfordshire, England
^ Iacobucci, D., and Calder, B., (eds),Kellogg on Integrated Marketing, Hoboken, NJ, John Wiley & Sons, 2003


Further reading[edit]

Adage, 'History of Marketing' from the Great Depression of the 1930s, featuring highlights from AdAge articles, http://adage.com/article/ad-age-graphics/ad-age-a-history-marketing/142967
Wright, John S. and Parks B. Dimsdale, Pioneers in Marketing: A Collection of 25 Biographies of Men Who Contributed to the Growth of Marketing Thought and Action," Georgia State University, 1974
Marilyn Lavin and Thomas J. Archdeacon (1989) ,"The Relevance of Historical Method For Marketing Research", in Interpretive Consumer Research, Elizabeth C. Hirschman (ed.), Provo, UT, Association for Consumer Research, pp 60–68, <Online: http://acrwebsite.org/volumes/12176/volumes/sv07/SV-07>





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=History_of_marketing&oldid=792393983"					
Categories: MarketingHidden categories: All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2009 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaEspañolBahasa Indonesia 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 07:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 
































Jones Brian D, QUAIL RUN DR, PARKER CO, 80138, United States | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Jones Brian D
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United States






        See Jones Brian D's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized Mexico shipments
1 Mexico shipment available for Jones Brian D




Date
Data Source
Customer
Details


2011-10-20
See all 1 mexico shipment for Jones Brian D with Panjiva's Mexico data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 0 customers of Jones Brian D
 Learn more about network view 











Contact information for Jones Brian D


 

Address
QUAIL RUN DR, PARKER CO, 80138, United States

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Bill of Lading Number
1030140


Shipment Date
2011-10-20


Shipper
Jones Brian D


Shipper (Original Format)
JONES BRIAN D
QUAIL RUN DR

PARKER CO
80138


Shipper Registration Number
SN


Shipment Origin
United States


Port of Unlading
Ciudad Juárez (MX)


Port of Unlading (Original Format)
CIUDAD JUAREZ, CIUDAD JUAREZ, CHIHUAHUA.


Country of Sale
United States


Transport Method
Truck


Customs Regime
Final Import / Export


Customs Agent
1230


Gross Weight (kg)
2000.0


Gross Weight (t)
2.0


Value of Goods, CIF (USD)
$666


Value of Goods, CIF (MXN)
8958.0


Exchange Rate (MXN-USD)
$13


Item Origin
Germany


HS Code
87032302


Goods Shipped
VEHICULO USADO


Shipment Quantity
1.0


Shipment Unit
Pieza


Value of Goods, Item CIF (USD)
$666


Value of Goods, Item CIF (MXN)
8958


Shipment Value (MXN)
8958


Tax Quantity
1.0


Tax Unit
Pieza


Customs Processing Tax 1 Method Code
15


Customs Processing Tax 1 Value (MXN)
406


Nafta Tax Rate
50.0


Standard Tax Payment 1 Method Code
15


Standard Tax Payment 1 Value (MXN)
25381


Value Added Tax 1 Value (MXN)
1503


Value Added Tax Rate
11.0


WTO Valuation Method Code
6










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 





Jones, Brian D, MD Covington, KY 41011 - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomePhysicians & Surgeons near Covington, KYJones, Brian D, MDIn mybook® : Health Collection (edit)Added to your health collection.Removed from mybook!We took this business out of your health collection.Jones, Brian D, MDWrite a ReviewAdd a PhotoBe the first to review!722 Scott St, Covington, KY 41011(859) 491-1361Add to mybookThis listing has been  added to mybook.This listing has been  removed from mybook.Visit WebsiteSuggest an EditIs this your business? Customize this page.Claim this businessPediatric Care Inc(1)Serving the Covington area.(513) 931-6357Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteMore InfoBetter Foot Care LLCServing the Covington area.(513) 671-2555Physicians & SurgeonsWebsiteYP AdMore InfoHoursRegular HoursMon - Fri9:00 am - 5:00 pmExtra PhonesPhone: (859) 431-3052Phone: (859) 431-3055Services/ProductsPsychiatryPayment methodmaster card, visaAKAJones Brian D MD Jones Brian D MDOther Linkhttp://northkey.orgCategoryPhysicians & Surgeons COUPONS & DEALSNo coupons availableGalleryBe the first to add a photo!Add a PhotoReviewsHi there!Be the first to review!5First-class4Better than most3About what I expected2Not the worst...1DisappointingClick to RateShare ReviewLike this review? Share it on your social network to get the word out!ShareTweetShareWant to just link to it instead? Copy URL above and paste away!Map & DirectionsPeople Also ViewedEde Mitchell441 Vine St, Cincinnati, OHLoftus Plastic Surgery Center1881 Dixie Hwy Ste 300, Ft Wright, KYWorley, Gregory A1500 James Simpson Jr Way, Covington, KYLazaron, Lisbeth M, MD2123 Auburn Ave, Cincinnati, OHNorthern Kentucky Health Department2002 Madison Ave, Covington, KYPaid AdvertisementRelated ArticlesDrug Abuse: Symptoms to Look for in a Loved OneOne out of every seven Americans will face a substance addiction. Here are some resources to help you help a loved one, and notice signs of abuse.The January 2017 To-Do ListThe holiday festivities are over, but January doesn't have to be a drag. It's actually the best time to finish projects and organize your life – all while having a little fun. Urgent Care: What to Know, When to GoWe needed an ear, nose and throat specialist, but the wait at our HMO was two weeks. What now? An emergency room seemed like overkill. Should I take him to urgent care instead? H…more related articles » 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Public Records Official


























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























Driving Records
Find Driving Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              Driving Records           	
Driving Records is a comprehensive enough search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. Whether you're to make background checks or opinionated decisions, Driving Records search helps you with all of that. From birth date records to address records, and from public records to court records, you're provided with all the public records information you'd like for. If this sounds interesting enough, then what are you waiting for? 

Getting hold of the required and relevant public records information is as easy as it gets. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. That's correct. All you need is to enter the first and the last name in the search box, and you'll be provided with all the information with ease. If this sounds interesting enough, then rest assured, there isn't much you need to do to search Driving Records. If you know the name of the person, then that's about it.

When you search Driving Records, you're provided with all the information in the nick of time. This means you don't have to put in much of an effort to search Driving Records. Just enter the name in the search box, and we'll take it from there. If you don't want to spend hours waiting for the information you require, then make sure to search Driving Records. We're a search resource that you just wouldn't want to miss out on. 

If you're feeling like going ahead with Driving Records, then try your Driving Records search now!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS 
Police Records, Mugshots, Contact Information and Much More!  






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              INSTANT BACKGROUND CHECKS            	
background checks Records are available instantly. Just enter the name of the person that you would like to search. You will then be able to view all the background checks Records that pertain to that person. background checks Records are public records which are documents or pieces of information that are not considered confidential and can be viewed instantly online.






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official


























PUBLIC RECORDS
Find Public Records For Anyone Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Very addicting.  I looked up everyone I know and found out so much!
- Marissa S.






              PUBLIC RECORDS           	
Public Records searches can help you find records regardless of where you live. If you want to find a man or woman from your past, or if by chance you want to search for accessible Public Records, you can use a records inquiry to help you. 

If you are concerned how this may be possible or how would you find records to help you find somebody with an online request, it's simple. These are Public Records. When you are prepared to begin a Public Records search, you can essentially just go to our Public Records site and enter your name or another person's name in the inquiry bar and with a few direct steps, you can access records for anybody that you want. You have search throughout the day, consistently and you can search conveniently from home. 

Searching for Public Records? The speediest way to find the records you want is to go to our online database. It's super easy to start. You can basically add your name or the name of somebody else in the inquiry field and you can start a new search for Public Records. Maybe you are searching for an old companion or relative you lost contact with years ago. When you go to our site, you will see that you can get the address records they want to help you with your request. You can even print them out.

When you're prepared to begin a Public Records inquiry, you can get brisk access to Public Records you want to find. Our site is accessible night and day and you never have to wait in line again. Search for Public Records right away and get your records quickly!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 

























Public Records Official

























MARRIAGE RECORDS 
Find Marriage Records For Anyone Instantly! 






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



Come to find out someone close to me in a position of trust has three felonies.
- Jenny H.






              MARRIAGE RECORDS            	
Are you ready to get copies of your Marriage Records? You might want to search for Marriage Records in public records. Typically when people want to find copies of their Marriage Records, they will check in public records for Marriage Records because Marriage Records that may include the marital certificate and other documents are considered public record files that the clerk may file so anyone can access them. That means if you want to find Marriage Records you can locate them in public records. You can even look up Marriage Records for a relative or neighbor. 

If you would like to search for public records, you may want to search on our site for your available public records. To start a new search, you can go to our public records site and begin by entering your name in the search box to begin searching for records. Regardless of whether you require criminal records, birth records, address records, prison records, alias records or court records, you can find them through a name search just by writing a name on our records site in the available search box. You may think we require authorization or approval of some sort, but that's not required as the records are public, so anybody can access them. 

Our public records site is available 24-hours a day so you can begin your public records inquiry and print the records you want. If you're ready to start your search, you'll see that our public records site is quick and helpful. Begin your Marriage Records search today!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 
























Jones Brian DDS                                                                                                          - Rockford                                          , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Rockford



offices and Clinics of Dentists



Offices And Clinics Of Dentists



                            Jones Brian DDS
                                    



 





















J 


Jones Brian DDS                                                                                                         
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4604 E STATE ST STE 2 ROCKFORD, IL 61108
Get Directions



(815) 398-1440
 





Business Info



 Founded 1987
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $150,542.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Offices And Clinics Of Dentists
 Contacts Brian Jones DDS                                                                                                         







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jones Brian Dds                                                                                                          is located at 4604 E State St Ste 2 in Rockford and has been in the business of Offices And Clinics Of Dentists since 1987. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















BRIAN D JONES - STEVENSVILLE, MT - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MT



STEVENSVILLE



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            BRIAN D JONES
                                    



 





















B 


BRIAN D JONES
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



715 RIDGE RD STEVENSVILLE, MT 59870
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2005
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $65,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts BRIAN D JONES







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Brian D Jones is located at 715 Ridge Rd in Stevensville and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2005. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 
Product Search - Routledge
Product SearchResults for: author = Brian D.G. Jones; range = all. Search again. 3 All NewAllPublishedForthcoming Product Types FeaturedTextbooksProfessional / TradeHandbooks / CompanionsResearch MonographsMajor WorksPaperbacks Direct Historical Research in Marketing ManagementEdited by Mark Tadajewski, D.G. Brian JonesThis collection of articles deal with marketing history and the history of marketing thought, placing these subjects within a marketing management context. Despite the crucial role that historical research can play in expanding our understanding of marketing, studies of the history of marketing are…Hardback – 2016-06-01RoutledgeKey Issues in Marketing ManagementThe Routledge Companion to Marketing HistoryEdited by D.G. Brian Jones, Mark TadajewskiThe Routledge Companion to Marketing History is the first collection of readings that surveys the broader field of marketing history, including the key activities and practices in the marketing process. 

With contributors from leading international scholars working in marketing history, this…Hardback – 2016-01-28RoutledgeRoutledge Companions in Business, Management and AccountingPioneers in MarketingA Collection of Biographical EssaysBy D.G. Brian JonesPioneers in Marketing: A Collection of Biographical Essays discusses eight historically important marketing scholars whose careers collectively spanned over 100 years. An introductory chapter describes the role of biography in the study of marketing thought, and introduces the eight subjects in…Hardback – 2011-12-21RoutledgeRoutledge Advances in Management and Business StudiesAdvanced SearchKeywordsTitleAuthor/EditorISBNProduct GroupanyFeaturedHandbooks / CompanionsInteractive eTextbooksLibrary / ReferenceMajor WorksPaperbacks DirectProfessional / TradeResearch MonographsSpecial Issues of JournalsStudent ReferenceTextbooksSubject CategoryanyArea StudiesArtsBehavioral SciencesBuilt EnvironmentCommunication StudiesDevelopment StudiesEconomics, Finance, Business & IndustryEducationEnvironment and SustainabilityGeographyHealth and Social CareHumanitiesInformation ScienceLanguage & LiteratureLawMedicine, Dentistry, Nursing & Allied HealthMuseum and Heritage StudiesPolitics & International RelationsReference & Information ScienceSocial SciencesSports and LeisureTourism, Hospitality and EventsUrban StudiesImprint/PublisheranyA K Peters/CRC PressAOCS PublishingAPA Planners PressASM PressAnalytic Press Anamaya PublishersApple Academic PressArchitectural PressAshgateAshgate (ex Arena)Ashgate (ex Gower)Ashgate (ex Scolar)Ashgate (ex Variorum)Ashgate Chem. Ref.Ashgate Dartmouth Ashgate VariorumAuerbach PublicationsBIOS Scientific PublishersBehavioral ScienceBirkbeck Law PressBlackwellBridge 21, USABrunner-RoutledgeCRC PressCattleDog PublishingChapman and Hall/CRCDavid Fulton Publishers  EPFL PressESI InternationalEarthscanEdition SynapseEditiones Scholasticae, GermanyErlbaum Behavioral ScienceErlbaum Psych PressEstates GazetteEuropa PublicationsEye on EducationFacet PublishingFairmont PressFederation PressFocal PressFrank CassGarland ScienceGestalt PressGower Gower (ex Ashgate) Gregg RevivalsGuilford PressHIMSS PublishingHakluyt Society IHS BRE PressInforma HealthcareInforma LawInforma Law from RoutledgeInternational Work Group for Indigenous AffairsJaypee UKKegan PaulLawrence ErlbaumLearningLund HumphriesLynne RiennerMacat LibraryMarcel DekkerMayo Clinic Scientific PressMedpharmNBSNarosaNetherlands Institute for Social ResearchNew Concept PressPan StanfordPowerhouse PublishingProductivity PressPsychology PressQMP/CRC PressRFF PressRIBARIBA PublishingRoutledgeRoutledge AcademicRoutledge IndiaRoutledge Mental HealthRoutledge-CavendishRoutledgeCurzonRoutledgeFalmerSDC PublicationsSchattauerSchlueterscheScience PublishersScolar PressSoftware & Alt MediaSpon PressStata PressStudien Verlag, AustriaSwedish Pharmaceutical PressTaylor & FrancisTeton NewMediaThe Copy WorkshopTheatre Arts BookUniversities PressWhittles PublishingPublication DateanyAllNewNew/PublishedPublishedForthcoming Search


	Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian D Muller - Products & Services






































































































Home
About Us
Membership
Networking
Inbox
Wall
Import Address Book
Photo Albums
Find Other Professionals

Other Resources
Frequently Asked Questions
Spam Whitelist Instructions
Copyright Credit
Logos & Images
The Complete Marketeer
Manage Subscriptions
Unsubscribe from E-mails

Careers - Open Positions
Contact Us
Manage Your Subscriptions
Consumers



Find It
Find A Market
Exclusive Consumer Leads
Find A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Find A Company
Search Blogs
Search Users
Search Industry Articles
Search Discussions/Topics
Find Tools/Products
Insurance News



Jobs
Find A Job
Post A Job
Find Candidate(s)
Articles for Candidates
Articles for Employers
Talent Solutions
ATS (Applicant Tracking)



Forums
Ask Your Peers
Agency Management
Careers & Jobs
Life, Health & Fin Svcs
Marketing
Property & Casualty
Technology & Tools
Using CompleteMarkets
Groups
My Subscribed Groups
All Groups
Manage Your Subscriptions

Manage Your Subscriptions



Education
All Articles
Search The Library
Article Categories
Manage Your Subscriptions



Blogs
Create Your Own Blog
Insurance Professionals
Insurance Marketing
Advertisers
Market Providers
Axis Brokers
Cochrane & Company
Colonial General Insurance Agency

Industry Experts
6th Sense Proposals
21st Century Management
Dr. Jack Nordhaus
Graham Communications
HR That Works
Sound Marketing Inc.

Product & Service Providers
Aged Insurance Leads
The Wedge Group

All Blogs
Manage Your Subscriptions



Tools
Insurance Newsletters
Jobs/Careers
CallTracking
Productivity Tools
Manage Your Subscriptions



Consumers
Get A Quote
Insurance Categories



Advertise
Advertising Solutions
Talent Solutions
Demo/Media Kit
































































































































































































































Create a Free CompleteMarkets AccountLogin to CompleteMarkets
















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...













                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...




















Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian D Muller


Investment Management, Funds Investment, Stock & Bond Broker











12345


0 Reviews - 0 of 5.0





Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?


Submit This Anonymously

Cancel
Submit











Write a Review





Please authenticate first to post and/or edit reviews.


Connect
Connect






Or 

Fill out the form below to submit the review.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:











I am a ...

Client
Peer


Please give star rating (5 highest/1 lowest)



12345


Rating field is required.


Write your review here. (Required)

Please consider the following:
1. Would you recommend this company?
2. What about this company do you like/dislike?
3. Why did you choose this rating?
Please enter text with minimum of 25 characters long.


Submit This Anonymously




Cancel
Submit












































615 Grand Ave, 
Saint Paul, MN 55102

























Is this Your Company?




















You are now following Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian D Muller.





You are already following Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian D Muller.

Unfollow








Fill out the form below to follow Edward Jones - Financial Advisor: Brian D Muller.





                            First name:







                            Last name:









                            Email:









Follow




Are you sure you want to deactivate your CompleteMarkets Company Profile



Deactivate
Cancel










 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513








Please wait...












About UsProducts/ServicesJobsTeamArticlesBlogGroupFollowersPhotosReviews











Auto Insurance in Saint Paul, MN






615 Grand Ave


Saint Paul MN, 55102












Request a Quote Now!












Business Insurance in Saint Paul, MN






615 Grand Ave


Saint Paul MN, 55102












Request a Quote Now!












Home Owners Insurance in Saint Paul, MN






615 Grand Ave


Saint Paul MN, 55102












Request a Quote Now!

















                    x





No Thanks














                Please wait...







You have already requested approval to this storefront. Please wait 24 hours before requesting again.






Oops! Looks like you hit the maximum amount of new storefronts.

















Interested in more?


Contact Us












 Are You Looking for Insurance?

Get Insurance for You, Your Family and Your Business. 







Your information is Secure and Confidential



We share your Information with only ONE insurance expert, the agent in our network that can help you!



We use a patent pending process designed to get you the best dervice available









Get a Quote

(951) 395-8087








 Are you an Insurance Professional?

Find Insurance Markets, Content, Leads and tools. 







Exclusive Insurance Leads



Easy Submissions to Wholesalers, Fine Specialty Insurance Markets



Powerful Microsites that Drive SEO Traffic









Get a Quote

(951) 396-3513



















                        Please wait...















Site Membership




Click here to log in


No account? Register here!
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
User Content Agreement
Copyright Compliance Policy
Contact Us






                                Insurance Pros

Leverage CompleteMarkets
Get A Custom URL
Feedback
Articles






                                Find It

Markets / Products / Services
Blogs / Groups
Other Professionals
Breaking Advertiser News
Jobs/Careers






                                Networking

Inbox
Import Address Book
Import LinkedIn Contacts
Blogs
Groups
Discussions
Photo Albums






                                Advertisers

Why CompleteMarkets?
Get A Custom URL
Testimonials






                                Resources

Frequently Asked Questions
Insurance/Service Providers
Storefronts
Spam Whitelist Instructions









                     
            Copyright
            ©. All Rights Reserved. 
                    INSOMIS Corp.





















