











Home - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar















Introducing "Let’s Talk: The Changing Face of Advice"
                         

The face of advice is changing. Watch as Dr. David Kelly and two influential advisors, Ric Edelman and Lori Van Dusen, discuss with Barron's Sterling Shea, how to address the needs of today – while also building a solid foundation for the client of the future.

 


Watch Now




Quick Links
                         



Shareholder Account Services  
Prices and Performance  
Guide to the Markets  
Favorites & Collections  









	Know which fund you are looking for?


		 

MUTUAL FUNDS  |  EXCHANGE TRADED FUNDS  |   4&5 STAR FUNDS



	J.P. Morgan investment products are managed to be style-pure to fulfill specific roles in your clients' asset allocation strategies.
VIEW OUR FEATURED FUNDS



	FEATURED PRODUCT
JPMorgan Global Allocation Fund


	With access to the entirety of J.P. Morgan’s global investment platform, the Global Allocation Fund searches worldwide to maximize total return, while also managing risk.
Learn More





BUILDING STRONGER PORTFOLIOS TO SOLVE CLIENT NEEDS


		At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, collaborating with our clients in an effort to build stronger portfolios drives everything we do. The depth and breadth of our investment capabilities cover all asset classes, enabling asset allocation decisions to meet specific investment objectives and solve real client needs.

        
                    Get started with our first principle for successful long-term investing >  






LATEST INSIGHTS

Weekly Market Recap
                         

                            A weekly one-page snapshot of market performance and the latest market headlines.
                            

Learn more  




Guide to the Markets
                         

                            Clear, compelling charts that illustrate market and economic trends and statistics.


Learn more  




Portfolio Insights 
                         


	Timely commentary, strategic perspectives and in-depth analysis from our investment teams to help guide your portfolio decisions.


Learn more  





PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT 

Exchange Traded Funds
                         

                            By combining the unique features of the ETF structure with our insights, resources and active management capabilities, J.P. Morgan brings a truly differentiated experience to investors.



Learn more  




SmartRetirement® Funds
                         

                            By focusing on retirement outcomes, our SmartRetirement® Target Date strategies help participants attain the income-replacement levels they need to enjoy the retirement lifestyles they had envisioned.



Learn more  










You are currently on the Financial Advisor site

Select your role to be directed to a different site experience.
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS   LIQUIDITY INVESTORS 

















Insights - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Insights
			
Email ThisPrint



Asset class views from our senior investors
                         



Themes and implications from our quarterly senior investors meetings.


Continue reading  




Guide to Retirement
                         

                            In each section of the Guide to Retirement, we discuss common client misconceptions and retirement challenges and provide the tools to address them.
                            

View the Guide   



Guide to the Markets
                         

                            The Guide to the Markets illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts.
                            

Learn more  






Market Insights
                         

                            Inform your client discussions, portfolio review meetings and investment decisions with timely insights into macroeconomic trends and market themes.
                            

Learn more




Portfolio Insights
                         

Explore our views on current investment trends, asset allocation and portfolio construction. 


Learn more 




Retirement Insights
                         

                            Provide the expert guidance that DC plan sponsors and individual investors need to better understand today’s retirement challenges. 
                            

Learn more 





Key Insights




Insights app
Want to make the complex clearer for your clients? We believe we can help with a powerful way for advisers to access and customize J.P. Morgan's Insights for their clients.Learn more  


Global Asset Allocation Views
Themes and implications from the Multi‐Asset Solutions Strategy Summit.Continue reading  


Income/slow rise blend strategy
The income/slow rise blend strategy may provide needed income and help mitigate the impact of slowly rising rates in the future.Continue reading  


More from Insights

					 
					Building better fixed income portfolios

					Target Date Compass SM

					 
					Diversified U.S. equity blend 
















Exchange Traded Funds - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Exchange Traded Funds
			


 


RAISE YOUR ETFs' IQ 

	Which is why J.P. Morgan is rethinking indexation to elevate your investing. Help strengthen your clients' portfolio and pursue better risk-adjusted returns by capturing the research and insights of one of the world’s leading asset managers. Raise your expectations. Invest with J.P. Morgan ETFs.
Bring new thinking to etfs
 

ETF Quick Links



Prices and performance  
ETF resources  
Morningstar tools  
ETF Education  







WHY JPMORGAN ETFS 

Research Driven
Benefit from an investment team dedicated to quantitative research and portfolio construction. 


Actionable Insights
Empower better investment decisions through unique insights and proprietary research on strategic and alternative beta.
 

Outcome-Oriented
Invest across a broad range of market cap weighted, strategic and alternative beta capabilities; founded on unique quantitative research and created specifically to address client needs.


Demonstrated Results
Partner with one of the world’s leading beta strategy providers and tap into two decades of industry innovation.


BUILD STRONGER INVESTMENT PORTFOLIOS WITH OUR ETFS




		Global Equity





JPGE


        
                    Diversified Return Global Equity ETF  





JPIN


        
                    Diversified Return International Equity ETF  





JPEM


        
                    Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF  





JPEU


        
                    Diversified Return Europe Equity ETF  





JPIH


        
                    Diversified Return International Currency Hedged ETF  





JPEH


        
                    Diversified Return Europe Currency Hedged ETF  







		Alternatives





JPHF


        
                    Diversified Alternatives ETF  











		US Equity





JPUS


        
                    Diversified Return U.S. Equity ETF  





JPME


        
                    Diversified Return U.S. Mid Cap Equity ETF  





JPSE


        
                    Diversified Return U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF  







		Fixed Income





JPHY


        
                    Disciplined High Yield ETF  





JPGB


        
                    Global Bond Opportunities ETF  





JPST


        
                    Ultra-Short Income ETF   








Tapping into proven success 







 


 






Explore our equity suite of etfs


learn more






Resource Library
                         

                            Find our thought leadership and product materials all in one place.
                            

Read more  




ETF Education
                         

                            See how ETFs differ from other investment vehicles, learn how to evaluate them, and discover how ETFs can be used effectively to achieve a diversity of investment strategies.
                            

Read more  







	DISCLAIMER

The performance quoted is past performance and is not a guarantee of future results. Investment returns and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than original cost. Current performance may be higher or lower than the performance data shown. For performance current to the most recent month-end please call 1-844-4JPM-ETF.

1Bloomberg as of 12/31/16

2Fund Action ETF US Performance Awards 2016: The ETF awards are judged based on performance and/or asset flows over a 12 month period ending in September 2015. Data from earlier periods can be used to provide context, but will not be central to the judging decision. As well as performance data, judges will also consider the management firm’s and fund’s reputation in the market place – will give credit to managers who have shown innovation in new products and fee offerings, etc. The awards will only be given to those firms who can demonstrate solid performance, positive asset flows and real credibility among advisors and investors. There is no minimum asset size required for any category.

Only funds with their management/advisory company or team based in the USA or Canada will be eligible for the Fund Action ETF US Performance Awards 2016. All participating funds submitted information via the official Fund Action ETF US Performance Awards Entry Form. The ETF awards are judged based on performance and/or asset flows over a 12 month period ending in September 2015. As well as performance data, judges also considered the management firm's and fund's reputation in the market place - they also give credit to managers who have shown innovation in new products and fee offerings, etc. The awards are only given to those firms who can demonstrate solid performance, positive asset flows and real credibility among advisors and investors. There is no minimum asset size is required for any category. Funds submitting for both the performance and flow categories must submit their performance and inflow figures for 12 months ending September 2015. The judging panel was comprised of representatives from Fund Action and industry experts. The judges are carefully selected for their wealth of experience and expertise, as well as their absence of conflicts of interest. Judging decisions are based on a number of metrics including performance, asset flows, innovation, analyst feedback, infrastructural quality and other qualitative information and structural criteria.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management and SIDCO are not affiliated with Fund Action.

3Awarded to the most important alternatives ETF launched in 2016. Only ETFs with inception dates after Dec. 31, 2015, were eligible. ETF must be classified as “Active per SEC” by FactSet to qualify.

ETF.com Award winners are selected in a three-part process designed to leverage the insights and opinions of leaders throughout the ETF industry. Step 1: The awards process began with an open nomination period running from Dec. 5, 2016, through Jan. 4, 2017. ETF.com received hundreds of nominations from participants in all corners of the ETF space. Step 2: Following the open nominations process, the ETF.com Awards Nominating Committee-made up of senior leaders at ETF.com, Inside ETFs and FactSet-voted to select up to five finalists in each category. Votes were tallied on a majority basis. Step 3: Winners from these finalists were selected by a majority vote of the ETF.com Awards Selection Committee, a group of independent ETF experts. Committee members recused themselves from voting in any category in which they or their firms appeared as finalists. Ties were decided where possible with head-to-head runoff votes. Voting was completed by Jan. 20, 2017, but results were kept secret until their announcement at the ETF.com U.S. Awards Dinner on March 30, 2017.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management and SIDCO are not affiliated with ETF.com.

4Cogent Wealth Reports, Advisor Brandscape® published June 2016, sample size 1,500+. Detailed annual report covering the advisor marketplace. Holistic view of the landscape including practice models, product usage, brand perceptions and user experience across all of the top providers in the MF, VA and ETF categories. Advisor research allows subscribing firms to get a full picture of the advisor marketplace via a mix of continuous online data portals and traditional printed reports. Insights are based on online surveys among representative cross sections of registered financial advisors with at least $5 million in assets under management across all channels.

JPGE inception date is 6/16/14. As of 12/31/16, JPGE returns at NAV were 5.79% 1-year and 2.49% since inception. JPGE market price returns were 5.80% 1-year and 2.61% since inception. FTSE Developed Diversified Factor Index returns were 5.92% 1-year and 2.83% since JPGE inception. FTSE Developed Index returns were 7.55% 1-year and 2.40% since JPGE inception. JPGE gross expenses: 1.52%; net expenses: 0.38%. The Fund’s adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 0.38% of the average daily net assets. This waiver is in effect through 2/29/2020, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it.

Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations.







J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:11 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF



Snapshot People




Company Overview
J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of emerging countries across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in momentum and value stocks of large-cap and mid-cap companies. It seeks to replicate the performance of the FTSE Emerging Diversified Factor Index, by investing in stocks of companies as per their weightings in the Index. J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF was formed on Jan...
J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF is an exchange traded fund launched and managed by J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in the public equity markets of emerging countries across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in momentum and value stocks of large-cap and mid-cap companies. It seeks to replicate the performance of the FTSE Emerging Diversified Factor Index, by investing in stocks of companies as per their weightings in the Index. J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF was formed on January 7, 2015 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


270 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10017-2014United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 212-648-1999

Fax: 212-648-1790

am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/products/d/jpmorgan-diversified-return-emerging-marke







Key Executives for J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF




Mr. Yazann Seif Romahi CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Joe Staines CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Kartik Aiyar


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Albert Chuang


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Naveen Kumar


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust - JPMorgan Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF, please visit am.jpmorgan.com/us/en/asset-management/gim/adv/products/d/jpmorgan-diversified-return-emerging-marke.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close








































Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights

















Featured Funds - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Featured Funds
			




U.S. Equity
                         



Equity Income Fund  
Growth Advantage Fund  
Growth and Income Fund  
Hedged Equity Fund  
Intrepid Value Fund  
JPUS - Diversified Return U.S. Equity ETF  
Large Cap Growth Fund  
Large Cap Value Fund  
Mid Cap Value Fund  
Opportunistic Equity Long/Short Fund  
Small Cap Core Fund  
Undiscovered Managers Behavioral Value Fund  
U.S. Equity Fund  
U.S. Large Cap Core Plus Fund  
Value Advantage Fund  


View all U.S. Equity Funds  



Specialty
                         



Hedged Equity Fund  
JPHF -  Diversified Alternatives ETF  
Opportunistic Equity Long/Short Fund  


View all Specialty Funds  




Taxable Fixed Income
                         



Core Bond Fund  
Core Plus Bond Fund  
Global Bond Opportunities Fund  
High Yield Fund	  
Income Fund  
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund  
Unconstrained Debt Fund  


View all Taxable Fixed Income Funds  



Tax-exempt Fixed Income
                         



Intermediate Tax Free Bond Fund  
Municipal Income Fund  
Tax Free Bond Fund  


View all Tax-exempt Fixed Income Funds  



International and Global Equity 
                         



Emerging Markets Equity Fund  
International Equity Income Fund  
International Unconstrained Equity Fund   
Intrepid European Fund  
International Discovery Fund  
JPEM - Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF  
JPIH - Diversified Return International Currency Hedged ETF  
JPIN - Diversified Return International Equity ETF  


View all International and Global Equity Funds  




Asset Allocation
                         



529 Funds  
Global Allocation Fund  
Income Builder Fund  
Investor Balanced Fund  
Investor Conservative Growth Fund  
Investor Growth & Income Fund  
Investor Growth Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2020 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2025 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2030 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2035 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2040 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2045 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2050 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2055 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2060 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® Income Fund  


View all Asset Allocation Funds  




PRODUCT RESOURCES

4&5 Star Funds
                         


	Build a stronger portfolio with these top-rated funds by Morningstar®.


Explore 4&5 Star Funds 




Fund Materials
                         


	Resources highlighting the capabilities of JPMAM products across asset classes.


View Fund Materials 




MORNINGSTAR® TOOLS

Hypothetical Illustrations 
                         


	You can simulate a hypothetical experience of a portfolio over a specific past timeframe using actual performance data for an individual fund or portfolio of funds.


Hypothetical Tool 





Multi-Fund Comparisons
                         


	Compare multiple securities in terms of performance, portfolio, operations, and risk data. You can also generate a FINRA-reviewed Multiple Fund Comparison report. 


Compare Funds 





Portfolio Analysis
                         


	Analyze existing client portfolios based on current available Morningstar® data, or view aggregate statistics for a set of chosen investments.


Analyze portfolio 


















Prices and Performance - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started


















































Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 




