

























J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $752,000 Position in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Citizens Financial Group Inc.
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Citizens Financial Group Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

Umpqua Holdings Corporation (UMPQ) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (TRK) Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub
Independent Oil & Gas PLC’s (IOG) Corporate Rating Reiterated at FinnCap
Ramsdens Holdings PLC (RFX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital
Baker Hughes A GE Co (BHI) Position Cut by Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd.
Park National Corp OH Holds Position in Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB)
J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $752,000 Position in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)
Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. Has $22.41 Million Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS)
Caxton Associates LP Takes Position in C.R. Bard, Inc. (NYSE:BCR)
Precision Drilling Corporation (PDS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc.
Piper Jaffray Companies Raises Lindsay Corporation (NYSE:LNN) Price Target to $80.00
Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) PT Lowered to $55.00
Knight Transportation, Inc. (KNX) Lifted to Strong-Buy at BidaskClub
Advanced Micro Devices’ (AMD) “Market Perform” Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.
Piper Jaffray Companies Downgrades AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) to Neutral
Royal Bank Of Canada (NYSE:RY) Rating Increased to Sell at BidaskClub
First Bancorp (NASDAQ:FBNC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research
Molycorp (NYSE:MCP) Given News Impact Score of 0.13
Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Value Fund of Beneficial Interest (NYSE:NEV) Earns News Impact Score of 0.46
Banner Corporation (NASDAQ:BANR) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research


 


J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $752,000 Position in Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 24th, 2017 // No Comments 

J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC lowered its stake in shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (NYSE:CFG) by 5.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 21,760 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 1,160 shares during the period. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Citizens Financial Group were worth $752,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of CFG. FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in Citizens Financial Group by 39.5% in the first quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 3,381 shares of the bank’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 957 shares during the last quarter. Coconut Grove Bank raised its position in Citizens Financial Group by 59.1% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 4,845 shares of the bank’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 1,800 shares during the last quarter. Advisor Partners LLC bought a new position in Citizens Financial Group during the first quarter worth $203,000. IFP Advisors Inc raised its position in Citizens Financial Group by 9.3% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 5,899 shares of the bank’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 504 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Greenwood Capital Associates LLC bought a new position in Citizens Financial Group during the first quarter worth $211,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.99% of the company’s stock. 




Shares of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. (CFG) opened at 34.48 on Monday. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. has a 52-week low of $21.61 and a 52-week high of $39.75. The stock has a market cap of $17.44 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.72 and a beta of 1.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $35.77 and its 200 day moving average is $36.01. 


 Get Citizens Financial Group Inc. alerts:



Citizens Financial Group (NYSE:CFG) last released its earnings results on Friday, July 21st. The bank reported $0.63 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $1.40 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.40 billion. Citizens Financial Group had a net margin of 19.86% and a return on equity of 6.08%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 9.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.46 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Citizens Financial Group, Inc. will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. 
Citizens Financial Group announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a share buyback program on Wednesday, June 28th that permits the company to repurchase $850.00 million in shares. This repurchase authorization permits the bank to repurchase up to 4.8% of its stock through open market purchases. Stock repurchase programs are usually a sign that the company’s management believes its shares are undervalued. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by BNB Daily and is owned by of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/24/j-p-marvel-investment-advisors-llc-has-752000-position-in-citizens-financial-group-inc-nysecfg-updated-updated.html. 
Several research firms recently issued reports on CFG. BidaskClub upgraded Citizens Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, July 8th. Wedbush upgraded Citizens Financial Group from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $39.00 to $41.00 in a report on Monday, May 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Citizens Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, July 4th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Citizens Financial Group in a report on Wednesday, July 5th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies upgraded Citizens Financial Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $38.00 to $41.00 in a report on Friday, April 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $35.25.
About Citizens Financial Group
Citizens Financial Group, Inc is a retail bank holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. Its Consumer Banking serves retail customers and small businesses. Consumer Banking products and services include deposit products, mortgage and home equity lending, auto financing, student loans, personal unsecured lines and loans, credit cards, business loans, wealth management and investment services. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Citizens Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Citizens Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

























J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $874,000 Stake in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY) - BNB Daily





































 
















 

 













Daily Ratings & News for Hershey Company (The)
Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Hershey Company (The) with our free daily email newsletter:



 




Follow @bnbdailynews





Recent Posts

KAMES CAPITAL plc Decreases Position in Ross Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:ROST)
Efrain Rivera Sells 5,837 Shares of Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:PAYX) Stock
Credit Suisse AG Decreases Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)
Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE:UNP) EVP Cameron A. Scott Sells 17,604 Shares
J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $874,000 Stake in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY)
SunTrust Banks, Inc. (NYSE:STI) Shares Bought by Park National Corp OH
Tudor Investment Corp ET AL Has $499,000 Stake in Discover Financial Services (DFS)
Enbridge Inc (NYSE:ENB) Shares Bought by Jane Street Group LLC
Ranger International Management LP Has $1,351,000 Stake in LyondellBasell Industries NV (NYSE:LYB)
Fox Run Management L.L.C. Buys 3,600 Shares of Wabco Holdings Inc. (WBC)
Clearbridge Investments LLC Has $1.28 Million Stake in EQT Corporation (EQT)
Regency Centers Corporation’s (NYSE:REG) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC
Insider Selling: Phibro Animal Health Corporation (NASDAQ:PAHC) Insider Sells 32,000 Shares of Stock
Virtu Financial, Inc. (VIRT) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc.
International Paper Company (IP) to Issue $0.46 Quarterly Dividend
Bank of the Ozarks (NASDAQ:OZRK) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Expectations
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ Continues to Hold Stake in Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO)
Fastenal Company (FAST) Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.32
EMCORE Corporation (EMKR) Receives $12.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages
Kenneth Desgarennes Sells 20,318 Shares of Zayo Group Holdings, Inc. (ZAYO) Stock


 


J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $874,000 Stake in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY)

Posted by Dan Jones on Jul 22nd, 2017 // No Comments 

J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC maintained its position in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 8,000 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Hershey Company (The) were worth $874,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. 
Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in HSY. Invictus RG acquired a new position in Hershey Company (The) during the first quarter valued at approximately $155,000. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of Hershey Company (The) by 43.6% in the first quarter. YorkBridge Wealth Partners LLC now owns 1,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the last quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp boosted its stake in shares of Hershey Company (The) by 0.8% in the first quarter. Enterprise Financial Services Corp now owns 1,681 shares of the company’s stock valued at $184,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in Hershey Company (The) by 9.5% in the first quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,733 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 150 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rational Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Hershey Company (The) by 14.3% in the first quarter. Rational Advisors LLC now owns 1,817 shares of the company’s stock valued at $199,000 after buying an additional 227 shares in the last quarter. 51.09% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. 


 Get Hershey Company (The) alerts:



Hershey Company (HSY) opened at 106.39 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $22.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 37.24 and a beta of 0.38. Hershey Company has a one year low of $94.03 and a one year high of $116.49. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $109.85 and its 200 day moving average is $108.50. 




Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $1.31 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.26 by $0.05. Hershey Company (The) had a return on equity of 117.02% and a net margin of 8.21%. The business had revenue of $1.88 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.89 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.10 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Hershey Company will post $4.80 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Has $874,000 Stake in Hershey Company (The) (NYSE:HSY)” was originally posted by BNB Daily and is the sole property of of BNB Daily. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/22/j-p-marvel-investment-advisors-llc-continues-to-hold-position-in-hershey-company-the-nysehsy-updated.html. 
Several research firms have recently commented on HSY. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc set a $115.00 target price on shares of Hershey Company (The) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, June 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Hershey Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $121.00 price target for the company in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. BidaskClub cut shares of Hershey Company (The) from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, July 12th. Morgan Stanley lowered their price target on shares of Hershey Company (The) from $111.00 to $108.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $116.00 price target (down from $119.00) on shares of Hershey Company (The) in a research report on Wednesday, June 28th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $108.96.
In other Hershey Company (The) news, Director David L. Shedlarz sold 4,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $115.45, for a total transaction of $519,525.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 15,342 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,771,233.90. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP D Michael Wege sold 14,440 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $115.55, for a total value of $1,668,542.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 42,506 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,911,568.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 107,193 shares of company stock worth $12,149,738 over the last quarter. 0.92% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
Hershey Company (The) Company Profile
The Hershey Company is a producer of chocolate in North America. The Company’s principal product offerings include chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products; pantry items, such as baking ingredients and beverages, and snack items, such as spreads, meat snacks, bars and snack bites and mixes. 

 
Receive News & Ratings for Hershey Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hershey Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 





















Latest News




Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (Required) 



Mail (will not be published) (Required) 



Website






 






























﻿

































J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Sells 7,770 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) - Transcript Daily














































 















 



  
 
  





















Daily Ratings & News for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc.
        	Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. with our free daily email newsletter:



 






Follow @TranscriptDaily














Recent Posts

Ascential PLC (ASCL) Given New GBX 405 Price Target at Numis Securities Ltd
Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage on Hiscox Ltd (LON:HSX)
Provident Financial plc (PFG) Given “Sell” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd
Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (LON:TALK) Now Covered by Numis Securities Ltd
Real Good Food PLC (LON:RGD) Receives “Corporate” Rating from FinnCap
Best of the Best plc’s (BOTB) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at FinnCap
Faroe Petroleum plc (LON:FPM) Price Target Cut to GBX 110
Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG
Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap
Dixons Carphone PLC (LON:DC) Earns “Buy” Rating from HSBC Holdings plc
Entertainment One Ltd (LON:ETO) Given “Neutral” Rating at Credit Suisse Group
Weir Group PLC (WEIR) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Thursday
Booker Group Plc’s (LON:BOK) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc
ASOS plc (ASC) Receives Hold Rating from HSBC Holdings plc
Berenberg Bank Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Cranswick plc (CWK)
Peel Hunt Raises Hogg Robinson Group plc (LON:HRG) Price Target to GBX 101
SEGRO plc (SGRO) Given New GBX 540 Price Target at J P Morgan Chase & Co
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Elementis plc (LON:ELM)
IMI plc’s (IMI) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group
Wpp Plc’s (WPP) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group



 


J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Sells 7,770 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN)

					Posted by Lauren Steadman on Jul 19th, 2017 // No Comments 



J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) by 5.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 140,450 shares of the company’s stock after selling 7,770 shares during the period. Beacon Roofing Supply accounts for about  2.3% of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC owned about 0.23% of Beacon Roofing Supply worth $6,905,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of BECN. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in  Beacon Roofing Supply during the fourth quarter valued at about $2,489,000.  State Street Corp boosted its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,089,562 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,196,000 after buying an additional 9,983 shares in the last quarter.  Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 2,200.0% in the first quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 2,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 2,200 shares in the last quarter.  Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 74.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 170,357 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,848,000 after buying an additional 72,800 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Fifth Third Bancorp boosted its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 20.2% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 3,934 shares of the company’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 661 shares in the last quarter. 


 Get Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. alerts:



Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ BECN) opened at 47.67 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $2.87 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.08 and a beta of 1.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $48.74 and its 200-day moving average price is $47.72. Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. has a 12 month low of $39.50 and a 12 month high of $52.12. 




Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.04) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.06) by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $870.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $814.74 million. Beacon Roofing Supply had a return on equity of 9.42% and a net margin of 2.37%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 5.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.03 EPS.  Equities research analysts predict that  Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. will post $2.37 EPS for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors LLC Sells 7,770 Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN)” was originally  published by Transcript Daily and is owned by of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/19/j-p-marvel-investment-advisors-llc-has-6-91-million-position-in-beacon-roofing-supply-inc-becn-updated-updated-updated.html. 
Several research analysts have commented on the stock. Royal Bank Of Canada boosted their target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply from $51.00 to $58.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Beacon Roofing Supply from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $56.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Citigroup Inc.  reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 target price (up from $48.00) on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Thursday, May 11th. William Blair  reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Wedbush  reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a report on Wednesday, May 31st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned  a buy rating to the company. Beacon Roofing Supply presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $51.50.
Beacon Roofing Supply Company Profile
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc is engaged in the distribution of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. It also distributes complementary building products for residential and non-residential building exteriors. Its product portfolio includes residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary building products.







Receive News & Ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 



 























Latest News




Wacker Chemie AG  PT Set at €100.00 by BNP Paribas





Takkt Ag  Given Neutral Rating at DZ Bank AG





Covestro AG  PT Set at €64.00 by BNP Paribas





Assicurazioni Generali SpA  PT Set at €15.20 by Deutsche Bank AG





Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€47.00” Price Target for Hella Kgaa Hueck & Co 





Krones AG  Given a €101.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets






Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name  (Required) 



Mail (will not be published)  (Required) 



Website








 


 

 

























































J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC Buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, ... - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC Buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, ...


May 23, 2017, 01:38:05 PM EDT
By insider, GuruFocus









































Shutterstock photo


J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLCNew Purchases: CARB , PAH , CLNS , ACM,Added Positions:PE, AWK, CELG, FB, GOOGL, IBM, ABT, GTT, INTC, CLH,Reduced Positions:SBUX, JPM, LKQ, LEA, TMO, MS, EOG, GE, JNJ, BECN,Sold Out:OXY, ALNY,For the details of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=J.P.+Marvel+Investment+Advisors%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLCJPMorgan Chase & Co ( JPM ) - 143,465 shares, 4.18% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.15%Lear Corp ( LEA ) - 81,539 shares, 3.83% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 6.27%Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc ( TMO ) - 64,925 shares, 3.31% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 5.89%Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) - 76,267 shares, 3.15% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 4.71%Monsanto Co ( MON ) - 83,317 shares, 3.13% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.15%New Purchase: Carbonite Inc (CARB)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in Carbonite Inc. The purchase prices were between $15.55 and $21.15, with an estimated average price of $18.77. The stock is now traded at around $19.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.03%. The holdings were 153,260 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Platform Specialty Products Corp (PAH)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in Platform Specialty Products Corp. The purchase prices were between $9.83 and $13.47, with an estimated average price of $12.3. The stock is now traded at around $13.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1%. The holdings were 231,100 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in Colony NorthStar Inc. The purchase prices were between $12.87 and $21.77, with an estimated average price of $14.6. The stock is now traded at around $13.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.6%. The holdings were 139,191 shares as of 2017-03-31.New Purchase: AECOM (ACM)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in AECOM. The purchase prices were between $33.86 and $39.13, with an estimated average price of $36.57. The stock is now traded at around $32.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.26%. The holdings were 21,820 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: Parsley Energy Inc (PE)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC added to the holdings in Parsley Energy Inc by 47.06%. The purchase prices were between $29.49 and $36.88, with an estimated average price of $33.1. The stock is now traded at around $31.48. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.29%. The holdings were 85,575 shares as of 2017-03-31.Added: GTT Communications Inc (GTT)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC added to the holdings in GTT Communications Inc by 36.75%. The purchase prices were between $23.25 and $29.6, with an estimated average price of $27.12. The stock is now traded at around $29.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 27,350 shares as of 2017-03-31.Sold Out: Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC sold out the holdings in Occidental Petroleum Corp. The sale prices were between $62.06 and $72.27, with an estimated average price of $66.53.Sold Out: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc (ALNY)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC sold out the holdings in Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. The sale prices were between $36.88 and $59.71, with an estimated average price of $46.22.Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Signs with PE. Click here to check it out.PE 15-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of PEPeter Lynch Chart of PEPremium MembersThis article first appeared on GuruFocus .



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        JPM
                                    
, 

                                        LEA
                                    
, 

                                        TMO
                                    
, 

                                        JNJ
                                    
, 

                                        MON
                                    












More from GuruFocus



Subscribe




Warren Buffett: I could make you 50% a year on $1 million
A Strategy Ben Graham Used for 30 Years
Are CEOs Buying?














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Why Bojangles', Inc. Stock Dropped Today


						7/28/2017 10:15 PM
					



Weatherford (WFT) Q2 Loss in Line, Revenues Lag


						7/28/2017 09:31 PM
					



Yandex Loses Market Share in Spite of Strong Growth


						7/28/2017 08:37 PM
					














Contributor:GuruFocus
Stock Picks, Portfolios



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®
Seagate Technology PLC Q4 Profit Rises 174%
LedgerX gets U.S. approval for derivatives on digital currencies
U.S. Fines Frontier, American And Delta For Violating Consumer







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Yatra Attains Leadership Position in Corporate Travel With the...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...
Tractor Supply Company Reports Second Quarter Results




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





JPM








70%



Rate It





LEA








67%



Rate It





TMO








100%



Rate It





JNJ








83%



Rate It





MON








69%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

































Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



Sleep Country Canada Holdings’ (TSE:ZZZ) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank					

West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. (WFT) Price Target Raised to C$74.00 at TD Securities					

Barclays PLC Lowers Seven Generations Energy Ltd (TSE:VII) Price Target to C$31.00					

Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Price Target Lowered to C$50.00 at Barclays PLC					

Royal Bank Of Canada Downgrades ONEX Co. (TSE:ONEX) to Sector Perform					

Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Price Target Lowered to C$0.50 at Barclays PLC					

Paramount Resources, Ltd. (TSE:POU) Price Target Cut to C$21.00					

Lundin Mining Co. (TSE:LUN) Price Target Cut to C$9.50 by Analysts at National Bank Financial					

National Bank Financial Cuts Taseko Mines Ltd (TSE:TKO) Price Target to C$2.10					

Hydropothecary Corp (THCX) Receives “Speculative Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity					

Obsidian Energy Ltd (OBE) PT Lowered to C$2.00 at Barclays PLC					

National Bank Financial Reiterates Outperform Rating for Lithium Americas Corp (LAC)					

Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) Given a €98.00 Price Target at equinet AG					

Basf Se (BAS) PT Set at €93.00 by Jefferies Group LLC					

SLM Solutions Group AG (ETR:AM3D) PT Set at €24.00 by Commerzbank Ag					

Covestro AG (1COV) Given a €64.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas					

Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) PT Set at €166.00 by equinet AG					

Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €85.00 by UBS AG					

Wirecard AG (ETR:WDI) Given a €80.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets					

J P Morgan Chase & Co Reiterates “€102.00” Price Target for Safran SA (EPA:SAF)					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research					

						 July 22nd, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Kyle Jackson 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Investing 






Tweet










Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (NASDAQ:BECN) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. 
According to Zacks, “Beacon Roofing Supply expects revenues to grow in the range of 6–9% year over year in fiscal 2017 and adjusted earnings per share to be around $2.34. The company will continue to focus on revenue growth, both organically and through acquisitions while improving margins and operating expense leverage in fiscal 2017. Further, it will benefit from roofing and re-roofing demand. However, the timing of these replacement decisions can vary due to economic factors and weather conditions. The company’s performance will be hurt by seasonality in business and low asphalt shingle demand. Beacon Roofing has underperformed the Zacks sub-industry’s growth in the past one year.”
A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. William Blair  reissued a neutral rating and issued a $45.00 target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Citigroup Inc.  reissued a buy rating and issued a $52.00 target price (up from $48.00) on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. Royal Bank Of Canada raised their target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply from $51.00 to $58.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Wedbush  reissued a neutral rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of Beacon Roofing Supply in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued  a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company  has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $51.50.




Shares of Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ BECN) traded down 1.64% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $47.26. The stock had a trading volume of 227,824 shares. The stock has a market cap of $2.85 billion, a PE ratio of 28.83 and a beta of 1.33. Beacon Roofing Supply has a 52-week low of $39.50 and a 52-week high of $52.12. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $48.75 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.73. 
Beacon Roofing Supply (NASDAQ:BECN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.04) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.06) by $0.02. Beacon Roofing Supply had a net margin of 2.37% and a return on equity of 9.42%. The firm had revenue of $870.70 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $814.74 million. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.03 EPS. Beacon Roofing Supply’s quarterly revenue was up 5.7% compared to the same quarter last year.  Equities analysts predict that  Beacon Roofing Supply will post $2.37 EPS for the current fiscal year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally  posted by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/beacon-roofing-supply-inc-becn-lifted-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research/1455463.html. 
Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply during the fourth quarter worth about $2,489,000.  Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC increased its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 2,200.0% in the first quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 2,300 shares of the company’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 2,200 shares in the last quarter.  Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 74.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 170,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,848,000 after buying an additional 72,800 shares in the last quarter.  Fifth Third Bancorp increased its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 20.2% in the first quarter. Fifth Third Bancorp now owns 3,934 shares of the company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 661 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of  Beacon Roofing Supply by 5.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,845,530 shares of the company’s stock worth $238,207,000 after buying an additional 246,233 shares in the last quarter. 
About Beacon Roofing Supply
Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc is engaged in the distribution of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. It also distributes complementary building products for residential and non-residential building exteriors. Its product portfolio includes residential roofing products, non-residential roofing products and complementary building products.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Beacon Roofing Supply (BECN)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com



Receive News & Ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beacon Roofing Supply Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Kyle Jackson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 

















































May 23, 2017 - J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC Buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, Colony NorthStar Inc, Sells Starbucks Corp, Occidental Petroleum Corp, LKQ Corp - GuruFocus.com 


















May 23, 2017 - J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC Buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, Colony NorthStar Inc, Sells Starbucks Corp, Occidental Petroleum Corp, LKQ Corp - GuruFocus.com May 23, 2017










Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 


























 How  to  use  GuruFocus  -  Tutorials
 What  Is  in  the  GuruFocus  Premium  Membership?
A DIY Guide on How to Invest Using Guru Strategies

 insiderArticles 
Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		



J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC Buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, Colony NorthStar Inc, Sells Starbucks Corp, Occidental Petroleum Corp, LKQ CorpMay 23, 2017 |  About: 
PE  +0%
GTT  +0%
CARB  +0%
PAH  +0%
CLNS  +0%
ACM  +0%
OXY  +0%
ALNY  +0% 



Boston, MA, based Investment company J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC buys Carbonite Inc, Platform Specialty Products Corp, Colony NorthStar Inc, Parsley Energy Inc, AECOM, GTT Communications Inc, sells Starbucks Corp, Occidental Petroleum Corp, LKQ Corp, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc, Alphabet Inc during the 3-months ended 2017-03-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC. As of 2017-03-31, J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC owns 79 stocks with a total value of $301 million.  These are the details of the buys and sells.New Purchases: CARB, PAH, CLNS, ACM, Added Positions: PE, AWK, CELG, FB, GOOGL, IBM, ABT, GTT, INTC, CLH, Reduced Positions: SBUX, JPM, LKQ, LEA, TMO, MS, EOG, GE, JNJ, BECN, Sold Out: OXY, ALNY, Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with PE. Click here to check it out. 
PE 30-Year Financial DataThe intrinsic value of PEPeter Lynch Chart of PEFor the details of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=J.P.+Marvel+Investment+Advisors%2C+LLCThese are the top 5 holdings of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLCJPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM) - 143,465 shares, 4.18% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 6.15%Lear Corp (LEA) - 81,539 shares, 3.83% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 6.27%Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc (TMO) - 64,925 shares, 3.31% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 5.89%Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) - 76,267 shares, 3.15% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 4.71%Monsanto Co (MON) - 83,317 shares, 3.13% of the total portfolio.  Shares reduced by 2.15%New Purchase: Carbonite Inc (CARB)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in  Carbonite Inc.  The purchase prices were between $15.55 and $21.15, with an estimated average price of $18.77.   The stock is now traded at around $19.35. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1.03%. The holdings were 153,260 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Platform Specialty Products Corp (PAH)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in  Platform Specialty Products Corp.  The purchase prices were between $9.83 and $13.47, with an estimated average price of $12.3.   The stock is now traded at around $13.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1%. The holdings were 231,100 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in  Colony NorthStar Inc.  The purchase prices were between $12.87 and $21.77, with an estimated average price of $14.6.   The stock is now traded at around $13.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.6%. The holdings were 139,191 shares as of 2017-03-31. New Purchase: AECOM (ACM)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC initiated holdings in  AECOM.  The purchase prices were between $33.86 and $39.13, with an estimated average price of $36.57.   The stock is now traded at around $32.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.26%. The holdings were 21,820 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: Parsley Energy Inc (PE)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC added to the holdings in  Parsley Energy Inc by 47.06%.  The purchase prices were between $29.49 and $36.88, with an estimated average price of $33.1.   The stock is now traded at around $31.48. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.29%. The holdings were 85,575 shares as of 2017-03-31. Added: GTT Communications Inc (GTT)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC added to the holdings in  GTT Communications Inc by 36.75%.  The purchase prices were between $23.25 and $29.6, with an estimated average price of $27.12.   The stock is now traded at around $29.10. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 27,350 shares as of 2017-03-31. Sold Out: Occidental Petroleum Corp (OXY)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC sold out the holdings in  Occidental Petroleum Corp.  The sale prices were between $62.06 and $72.27, with an estimated average price of $66.53. Sold Out: Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc (ALNY)J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC sold out the holdings in  Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc.  The sale prices were between $36.88 and $59.71, with an estimated average price of $46.22. Here is the complete portfolio of J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC. Also check out:
1. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC's Undervalued Stocks
2. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC's Top Growth Companies, and
3. J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC's High Yield stocks
4. Stocks that J.P. Marvel Investment Advisors, LLC keeps buying







  Currently 0.00/512345  Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes)  


Subscribe
            via Email
Subscribe RSS





Comments


Please leave your comment:






More GuruFocus Links



Latest Guru Picks
Value Strategies


Warren Buffett Portfolio
Ben Graham Net-Net


Real Time Picks
Buffett-Munger Screener


Aggregated Portfolio
Undervalued Predictable


ETFs, Options
Low P/S Companies


Insider Trends
10-Year Financials


52-Week Lows
Interactive Charts


Model Portfolios
DCF Calculator


RSS Feed 
Monthly Newsletters


The  All-In-One Screener
Portfolio Tracking Tool










                        GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with Parsley Energy Inc $PE.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    





















→Performances of the stocks mentioned by  insider




→User
            Generated Screeners

hingnamHNPraveen Chawlashort / insidergurufocusIPO dateculpelProjected FCF/P (+10EBITDA,+10culpelProjected FCF/P (+3,6,TR,+EBITrharmelinkDividend Champions with WeeklyzebulonminStandardsrael22226pbarker46Big dividend stockshsaabJuly

→PE Price Chart





$29.47 (1y: +3%)







Last 5 Quotes


My Portfolio






  Portfolio: Track My Stocks







To view my portfolio


Not a member yet?
Sign up now for a free account







 













Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started










































JPMarvel – Wealth Management, Inc.























































Toggle SlidingBar Area


















  












Loading...







MORE THAN 135 YEARS OF
FINANCIAL SERVICES EXPERENCE 


 Our Story > 











Screening, Analysis, 
and Valuation 


 Our Story > 











We strive to accomplish the 
goals created by each and  
every partner we have. 


 Our Story > 















			Home		


AgentWebDev Administrator 


			2017-03-27T12:03:20+00:00		







Customized financial asset management for:

High Net Worth Individuals



Foundations



Endowments



Companies

Every account managed by J.P. Marvel is uniquely designed to match the investment objectives, risk tolerance, cash flow requirements,
and other needs of the client.
Learn More 







What we’ve been up to lately.








Permalink


						Gallery					


						Joe Patton Jr. Named Fellow of Mass. Historical Society					

Featured






Joe Patton Jr. Named Fellow of Mass. Historical SocietyThe Massachusetts Historical Society is a major historical archive focusing on preserving early American and New England history. It is the oldest Historical Society in the United States being established 1791. It is located at [...]


Joseph Patton III 


			2017-05-05T16:31:32+00:00		
May 5th, 2017|Categories: Featured|Read More









Permalink


						Gallery					


						Dan Daly: In Charge					

Featured, Publications, Uncategorized






Dan Daly: In ChargeOne year ago, on 12 January 2016, Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps Navy captured ten U.S. Navy personnel (one officer and nine enlisted sailors) and seized two Navy riverine boats. One day later the Iranians released [...]


Joseph Patton III 


			2017-03-13T12:01:15+00:00		
March 13th, 2017|Categories: Featured, Publications, Uncategorized|Read More









Permalink


						Gallery					


						Ben Bernanke at the CFA Society Boston Annual Meeting					

Events, Featured, Press






Ben Bernanke at the CFA Society Boston Annual MeetingBy. Robert T.Stephenson February 9, 2017 The CFA Society Boston hosted its 31st Annual Market Dinner on February 2nd, and the featured speaker was Ben Bernanke. Mr. Bernanke served two terms as Chairman of the [...]


Joseph Patton III 


			2017-02-15T12:58:37+00:00		
February 15th, 2017|Categories: Events, Featured, Press|Read More


1
2
3

Next









 
 



Want more Information? 

GET IN TOUCH 




 
 
 
 












