











Prices and Performance - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar






















Featured Funds - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Featured Funds
			




U.S. Equity
                         



Equity Income Fund  
Growth Advantage Fund  
Growth and Income Fund  
Hedged Equity Fund  
Intrepid Value Fund  
JPUS - Diversified Return U.S. Equity ETF  
Large Cap Growth Fund  
Large Cap Value Fund  
Mid Cap Value Fund  
Opportunistic Equity Long/Short Fund  
Small Cap Core Fund  
Undiscovered Managers Behavioral Value Fund  
U.S. Equity Fund  
U.S. Large Cap Core Plus Fund  
Value Advantage Fund  


View all U.S. Equity Funds  



Specialty
                         



Hedged Equity Fund  
JPHF -  Diversified Alternatives ETF  
Opportunistic Equity Long/Short Fund  


View all Specialty Funds  




Taxable Fixed Income
                         



Core Bond Fund  
Core Plus Bond Fund  
Global Bond Opportunities Fund  
High Yield Fund	  
Income Fund  
Strategic Income Opportunities Fund  
Unconstrained Debt Fund  


View all Taxable Fixed Income Funds  



Tax-exempt Fixed Income
                         



Intermediate Tax Free Bond Fund  
Municipal Income Fund  
Tax Free Bond Fund  


View all Tax-exempt Fixed Income Funds  



International and Global Equity 
                         



Emerging Markets Equity Fund  
International Equity Income Fund  
International Unconstrained Equity Fund   
Intrepid European Fund  
International Discovery Fund  
JPEM - Diversified Return Emerging Markets Equity ETF  
JPIH - Diversified Return International Currency Hedged ETF  
JPIN - Diversified Return International Equity ETF  


View all International and Global Equity Funds  




Asset Allocation
                         



529 Funds  
Global Allocation Fund  
Income Builder Fund  
Investor Balanced Fund  
Investor Conservative Growth Fund  
Investor Growth & Income Fund  
Investor Growth Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2020 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2025 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2030 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2035 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2040 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2045 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2050 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2055 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® 2060 Fund  
JPMorgan SmartRetirement® Income Fund  


View all Asset Allocation Funds  




PRODUCT RESOURCES

4&5 Star Funds
                         


	Build a stronger portfolio with these top-rated funds by Morningstar®.


Explore 4&5 Star Funds 




Fund Materials
                         


	Resources highlighting the capabilities of JPMAM products across asset classes.


View Fund Materials 




MORNINGSTAR® TOOLS

Hypothetical Illustrations 
                         


	You can simulate a hypothetical experience of a portfolio over a specific past timeframe using actual performance data for an individual fund or portfolio of funds.


Hypothetical Tool 





Multi-Fund Comparisons
                         


	Compare multiple securities in terms of performance, portfolio, operations, and risk data. You can also generate a FINRA-reviewed Multiple Fund Comparison report. 


Compare Funds 





Portfolio Analysis
                         


	Analyze existing client portfolios based on current available Morningstar® data, or view aggregate statistics for a set of chosen investments.


Analyze portfolio 


















Insights - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Insights
			
Email ThisPrint



Asset class views from our senior investors
                         



Themes and implications from our quarterly senior investors meetings.


Continue reading  




Guide to Retirement
                         

                            In each section of the Guide to Retirement, we discuss common client misconceptions and retirement challenges and provide the tools to address them.
                            

View the Guide   



Guide to the Markets
                         

                            The Guide to the Markets illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts.
                            

Learn more  






Market Insights
                         

                            Inform your client discussions, portfolio review meetings and investment decisions with timely insights into macroeconomic trends and market themes.
                            

Learn more




Portfolio Insights
                         

Explore our views on current investment trends, asset allocation and portfolio construction. 


Learn more 




Retirement Insights
                         

                            Provide the expert guidance that DC plan sponsors and individual investors need to better understand today’s retirement challenges. 
                            

Learn more 





Key Insights




Insights app
Want to make the complex clearer for your clients? We believe we can help with a powerful way for advisers to access and customize J.P. Morgan's Insights for their clients.Learn more  


Global Asset Allocation Views
Themes and implications from the Multi‐Asset Solutions Strategy Summit.Continue reading  


Income/slow rise blend strategy
The income/slow rise blend strategy may provide needed income and help mitigate the impact of slowly rising rates in the future.Continue reading  


More from Insights

					 
					Building better fixed income portfolios

					Target Date Compass SM

					 
					Diversified U.S. equity blend 

















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			
Email ThisPrint


Investment Strategies

Providing clients with strategies and expertise that span the full spectrum of asset classes
                         


	As a global leader in asset management with assets under management of $1.7 trillion*, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides more than 220 investment strategies spanning all major asset classes, investment styles and geographic regions.

	Investing with J.P. Morgan:


		a large global organization made up of small local teams

		a research-driven information advantage

		an unrelenting focus on risk management


* As of December 2015









Featured Funds
                         


Equity  
Fixed Income   
Multi-Asset Solutions   
Alternatives  
SmartRetirement Target Date Funds   
Exchange Traded Funds  
Money Market Funds  






		 





Product Spotlight


U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market



U.S. Equity




U.S. Equity


International & Global Equity


Fixed Income


Multi-Asset Solutions


Alternatives


ETFs


Money Market























Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights















Home - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar















Introducing "Let’s Talk: The Changing Face of Advice"
                         

The face of advice is changing. Watch as Dr. David Kelly and two influential advisors, Ric Edelman and Lori Van Dusen, discuss with Barron's Sterling Shea, how to address the needs of today – while also building a solid foundation for the client of the future.

 


Watch Now




Quick Links
                         



Shareholder Account Services  
Prices and Performance  
Guide to the Markets  
Favorites & Collections  









	Know which fund you are looking for?


		 

MUTUAL FUNDS  |  EXCHANGE TRADED FUNDS  |   4&5 STAR FUNDS



	J.P. Morgan investment products are managed to be style-pure to fulfill specific roles in your clients' asset allocation strategies.
VIEW OUR FEATURED FUNDS



	FEATURED PRODUCT
JPMorgan Global Allocation Fund


	With access to the entirety of J.P. Morgan’s global investment platform, the Global Allocation Fund searches worldwide to maximize total return, while also managing risk.
Learn More





BUILDING STRONGER PORTFOLIOS TO SOLVE CLIENT NEEDS


		At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, collaborating with our clients in an effort to build stronger portfolios drives everything we do. The depth and breadth of our investment capabilities cover all asset classes, enabling asset allocation decisions to meet specific investment objectives and solve real client needs.

        
                    Get started with our first principle for successful long-term investing >  






LATEST INSIGHTS

Weekly Market Recap
                         

                            A weekly one-page snapshot of market performance and the latest market headlines.
                            

Learn more  




Guide to the Markets
                         

                            Clear, compelling charts that illustrate market and economic trends and statistics.


Learn more  




Portfolio Insights 
                         


	Timely commentary, strategic perspectives and in-depth analysis from our investment teams to help guide your portfolio decisions.


Learn more  





PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT 

Exchange Traded Funds
                         

                            By combining the unique features of the ETF structure with our insights, resources and active management capabilities, J.P. Morgan brings a truly differentiated experience to investors.



Learn more  




SmartRetirement® Funds
                         

                            By focusing on retirement outcomes, our SmartRetirement® Target Date strategies help participants attain the income-replacement levels they need to enjoy the retirement lifestyles they had envisioned.



Learn more  










You are currently on the Financial Advisor site

Select your role to be directed to a different site experience.
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS   LIQUIDITY INVESTORS 


















Guide to the Markets - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Guide to the Markets
			



Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide illustrates a comprehensive array of market and economic histories, trends and statistics through clear, compelling charts and graphs you can share with your clients.


LAUNCH THE VIEWER


Download the 3Q 2017 Guide to the Markets






Economic & Market Update
Watch Dr. David Kelly’s quarterly presentation using slides from the Guide to the Markets.Continue reading  


On the Bench
Need more Guide to the Markets? Access an additional collection of Guide to the Markets slides, updated on a quarterly basis.Continue reading  


Investing Principles
The Principles for successful long-term investing presentation uses select slides from the Guide to the Markets to explain seven key investment principles that financial professionals can use with their clients. Continue reading  


 Introducing the Guide to the Markets for the third quarter of 2017July 3, 2017Dr. David Kelly, Chief Global Strategist, J.P. Morgan Funds, previews this quarter's themes and invites you to subscribe to the Guide to the Markets. 


 

Quarterly Perspectives





                            Often referred to as the 'guide to the Guide', Quarterly Perspectives provides insightful stories and quarterly themes using slides from the Guide to the Markets. 
                            
View Quarterly Perspectives



Portfolio Discussions





                            Focusing on different asset classes or regions, Portfolio Discussions help to frame investment conversations using slides from Guide to the Markets. 
                            

View Portfolio Discussions





Insights

					Market Insights

					Portfolio Insights

					Retirement Insights


The J. P. Morgan Insights app 

A new way for financial advisors to access and customize J.P. Morgan intellectual capital
                         

                            Get the Insights app:
                            


           
              



Learn more about the Insights App











Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Diversification does not guarantee investment returns and does not eliminate the risk of loss.
Bonds are subject to interest rate risks. Bond prices generally fall when interest rates rise.
The price of equity securities may rise or fall because of changes in the broad market or changes in a company's financial condition, sometimes rapidly or unpredictably. Equity securities are subject to "stock market risk" meaning that stock prices in general may decline over short or extended periods of time.
International investing involves a greater degree of risk and increased volatility. Changes in currency exchange rates and differences in accounting and taxation policies outside the U.S. can raise or lower returns. Also, some overseas markets may not be as politically and economically stable as the United States and other nations. Investments in emerging markets can be more volatile.
Real estate investments may be subject to a higher degree of market risk because of concentration in a specific industry, sector or geographical sector. Real estate investments may be subject to risks including, but not limited to, declines in the value of real estate, risks related to general and economic conditions, changes in the value of the underlying property owned by the trust and defaults by borrower.
Investments in commodities may have greater volatility than investments in traditional securities, particularly if the instruments involve leverage. The value of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected by changes in overall market movements, commodity index volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and international economic, political and regulatory developments. Use of leveraged commodity-linked derivatives creates an opportunity for increased return but, at the same time, creates the possibility for greater loss. 
Derivatives may be riskier than other types of investments because they may be more sensitive to changes in economic or market conditions than other types of investments and could result in losses that significantly exceed the original investment. The use of derivatives may not be successful, resulting in investment losses, and the cost of such strategies may reduce investment returns.
There is no guarantee that the use of long and short positions will succeed in limiting an investor's exposure to domestic stock market movements, capitalization, sector swings or other risk factors. Investing using long and short selling strategies may have higher portfolio turnover rates. Short selling involves certain risks, including additional costs associated with covering short positions and a possibility of unlimited loss on certain short sale positions.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates do not provide tax advice. Accordingly, any discussion of U.S. tax matters contained herein (including any attachments) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, in connection with the promotion, marketing or recommendation by anyone unaffiliated with JPMorgan Chase & Co. of any of the matters addressed herein or for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties. 






J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:12 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. operates as a subsidiary of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.


270 Park AvenueNew York, NY 10017United States










Key Executives for J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.


J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close









































Investing that starts with you
















Link to Top

Skip to main content







Please update your browser soon.

Your browser is out of date. We’ll soon require a newer browser version to access your online accounts and statements. This will help protect your account and provide a better experience. Click here for your browser choices. 









Begin Site Message Content









End Site Message Content










              We’ve signed you out of your account.


You’ve successfully signed out
Close this message





 

Investments


Chase offers a broad range of financial services including personal banking, small business lending, mortgages, credit cards, auto financing and investment advice.





Show the Side Menu



Explore productsOpen Drop Down





Credit cards





Checking





Savings and CDs





Prepaid cards





Auto loans





Mortgage & Home Equity





Investing





Chase for Business





Commercial Banking





See all











Chase logo links to Chase.com Home Page




ATM & branch
Sign in

 Show Search










Submit to Search


Clear Search
















              Please turn on JavaScript in your browser



It appears your web browser is not using JavaScript. Without it, some pages won't work properly. Please adjust the settings in your browser to make sure JavaScript is turned on.






















You're Now Leaving Chase
Chase's website terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site you're about to visit. Please review its website terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. Chase isn't responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site, except for products and services that explicitly carry the Chase name.

Cancel
Proceed











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












J.P. Morgan Private Investments




Exchange Funds Overview










Exchange Funds offered by JPMorgan are investment opportunities for a select group of investors who have concentrated holdings of equity securities with 1) large unrealized capital appreciation or, 2) disposition restrictions under the Securities Act of 1933.  

Investment Objective

The investment objective of an exchange fund is to construct a diversified portfolio of stocks that defers recognition of capital gains on the contributed securities for 7 years.   An investment in the fund is designed to provide one element of an overall diversification strategy.  

An investment in the fund is made by contributing approved securities to the Manager (J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.) and the Investment Advisor (J.P. Morgan Flemings Investment Management) in exchange for interests in the fund ("Units").   After seven years, investors may elect to redeem their Units for a diversified pro-rata share of all remaining securities.  

Eligibility

To be considered for acceptance to the fund, a security must generally meet several requirements set forth in the funds confidential private placement memorandum.   These requirements include being listed on the NYSE, the American Stock Exchange, or the Nasdaq, having a per-share trading price of at least $10.00, and being issued by an issuer with an equity capitalization of at least $750 million.  






J.p. Morgan Private Investments Inc. | Wealthminder











































J.p. Morgan Private Investments Inc.


J.p. Morgan Private Investments Inc.
(CRD# 110186) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
New York, NY.
They
manage $72,201,585,700 in 328,219 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 51 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



J.p. Morgan Private Investments Inc.




270 Park Avenue, Floor 5,
New York,
NY
10017
212-464-1834
https://www.jpmorgan.com




https://www.jpmorgan.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

72,202
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

328,219
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$219,980







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AK, AL, AR, AZ, CA, CT, DC, DE, FL, GA, HI, IA, ID, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MA, MD, ME, MI, MN, MO, MS, MT, NC, ND, NE, NH, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, PR, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, UT, VA, VI, VT, WA, WI, WV






Financial Advisors at J.p. Morgan Private Investments Inc.








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now

















J.P. Morgan Private Investments




Glossary


A 
      | B | C 
      | D | E 
      | F | G 
      | H | I 
      | J | K
      | L | M 
      | N | O 
      | P | Q 
      | R | S 
      | T | U 
      | V | W 
      | X | Y | Z








Accredited Investors (AIs) - (a) Individuals: An individual qualifies as an accredited investor if (i) he or she has a net worth in excess of $1 million, at the time of purchase or (ii) had an individual income of more than $200,000 in each of the past 2 years or joint income with that person's spouse of more than $300,000 in each of the past two years, and has a reasonable expectation that this level of income will continue in the current year.  (b) Trusts: An irrevocable trust qualifies as an "accredited investor" if (i) a bank acts as its trustee or (ii) the trust has more than $5 million in assets and is directed by a person sophisticated in financial and business matters. A revocable trust qualifies as an "accredited investor" if the grantor is an "accredited investor" in his or her own right.  (c) Corporations/Partnerships: A corporation or partnership qualifies as an "accredited investor" if (i) it has more than $5 million in total assets or (ii) all the equity owners of the corporation or all the partners of the partnership are "accredited investors" individually in their own right. (d) IRAs: An IRA qualifies as an "accredited investor" if the beneficiary of the IRA is an "accredited investor" in his or her own right.
Acquisition - The obtainment of control, possession or ownership of a private 
  portfolio company by an operating company or conglomerate.
Acquisition for Expansion Financing - Funds provided to a firm to finance 
  its acquisition of companies. A consolidator of companies in specific industries.
Admission of Investors - 
Admission of investors occurs on initial closing and periodically (monthly/quarterly) thereafter through the life of the fund.  This is possible because the portfolio NAV is always known.  Additional investors can be admitted based on portfolio NAV as of such date with no retroactive management fee.
For private equity funds, the admission of investors occurs on initial closing and optional additional closing up to 6-9 months after the initial closing; need outside date before investments have time to appreciate. Additional investors, treated as if admitted on the initial closing subject to interest charge for interim period, must pay their share of draws made to date and existing investors get a refund, which increases their unused commitments.  They pay a retroactive management fee plus interest. 
Aggressive Growth - Hedge funds that trade aggressively in order to product the highest possible returns.  These funds often use leverage and trade options, but generally can be considered opportunistic and can not be pigeonholed into a single definition.
Alpha - Difference between a portfolio's risk-adjusted return and the return for an appropriate benchmark portfolio.  Most active investors are trying to maximize alpha.
Alternative Assets - Alternative investments are typically available to only a limited number of sophisticated investors and are not traded on public markets.  These investments encompass a broad range of investment opportunities.  Investors are attracted to these assets because they can offer higher risk adjusted returns than publicly traded securities and because they provide diversification in an investor's portfolio.  Private equity, hedge funds, and exchange funds are all included under the umbrella of alternative assets.

 Private equity investments are often structured as closed-end partnerships that, in pursuit of a particular investment idea, invest in a number of non-public companies. 
 Hedge funds are often structured as closed-end or open-end partnerships and employ a variety of public market trading strategies including long and short equity, and event driven opportunities
 Exchange funds are often structured as closed-end partnerships that provide tax-efficient diversification for holders of large blocks of low-basis stock.
Asset Capital Tax - The tax which is included in each of the business unit's capital charge, recognizing the need for the Firm to maintain certain capital ratios to meet bank regulatory definitions of "well capitalized."  
Average IRR - The arithmetic mean of the internal rates of return.

Balanced - A venture fund investment strategy which includes investment 
  in portfolio companies at a variety of stages of development (Seed, Early Stage, 
  Later Stage).
Basis Point Value (BPV) - This measurement quantifies the change in the market value of JPMorgan Chase's assets and liabilities (that are not part of its trading activities) that would result from a one basis point change in interest rates or one basis point widening of interest rate spreads. BPV shows whether an increase of 1/100 of 1% (or one basis point) in a market rate will yield a profit or loss, and of what magnitude.
Bite Size - The percentage of a client's portfolio that an investment should comprise.
Bridge Financing - Mezzanine financing for a company expecting to go 
  public within six months to a year.

CAGR - Compound annual growth rate.
Capital - For hedge funds, capital contribution up front (trading in public markets means capital can be put to use right away).  For private equity, capital commitment is drawn over time as investment opportunities are located.
Capital Call - Announcements from the general partner to the limited 
  partners requesting the transfer of funds from the limited partners' to the 
  general partners' control for new or follow-on investments in portfolio companies 
  or funds.
Capital Call Schedule - The plan stated in the offering memorandum providing 
  for the actual transfer of funds from the limited partners' to the general partners' 
  control.
Capital Gains - Short or long-term profits from the sale of assets.
Capital Under Management - The amount of capital available to a management 
  team for venture investments.
Capital Weighted Average IRR - The average IRR weighted by fund size 
  with funds contributing to the average in proportion to their size.
Carried Interest (also known as "carry") - The percentage of profits 
  (generally 20-25%) that general partners receive out of the profits of the investments 
  made by the fund. For instance, a $100 million fund raised from Limited Partners 
  is invested into a portfolio of investments now worth $500 million. Assume that 
  there have been profits from proceeds of $50 million. Limited partners would 
  receive $40 million and the other $10 million would accrue to the general partners 
  as their carried interest. The term originally came from the practice in the 
  early days of VC where general partners put up nothing in return for 20% of 
  the profits and thus the limited partners "carried the interest" of the general 
  partners. Nowadays, general partners typically put up about 1% of the funds 
  commitments and the limited parters put up the rest. Now "carried interest" 
  is synomous with profit split. Typically, carried interest is only paid after 
  limited partners receive their original investment back. 
Cash Operating Earnings - Operating earnings excluding the impact of the amortization of intangibles.
Cash Overhead Ratio - Non-interest expense, excluding amortization of intangibles, as a percentage of the total of net interest income and non-interest revenue (excluding merger and restructuring costs and special items).
Commodity Pooled Operator - A firm licensed by the Commodities and Futures 
  Trading Commission to engage in the trading of commodities and futures.
 Commitment - A limited partner's obligation to provide a certain amount 
  of capital to a fund.
Company Buy-Back - The redemption of private or restricted holdings 
  by the portfolio company itself.
Convertible arbitrage - Investment strategy that seeks to exploit pricing inefficiencies between a convertible bond and the underlying stock.  Manager will typically long the convertible bond and short the underlying stock.
Convertible Debenture - Any type of debenture that can be converted into some other security.  A convertible bond can be converted into stock.
Credit Derivatives - Contractual agreements that provide insurance against a credit event of one or more referenced credits. The nature of the credit event is established by the buyer and seller at the inception of the transaction, and such events include bankruptcy, insolvency and failure to meet payment obligations when due. The buyer of the credit derivative pays a periodic fee in return for a contingent payment by the seller (insurer) following a credit event. 
Credit Risk - Risk of loss due to borrower or counterparty default. 
Cross-Currency Interest Rate Swaps - Contracts that generally involve the exchange of both interest and principal amounts in two different currencies. Also see interest rate swaps in this glossary.

Debt, Equity, Commodity and Other Contracts - Include swaps and options and are similar to interest rate contracts except the underlying instrument is debt-, equity- or commodity-related.
Distribution - Cash or the value of stock disbursed to the limited partners 
  of a venture fund.
Dividend Clawback - An arrangement in which the sponsors of a project agree to use their prior dividends received from the project to cover any subsequent cash deficiencies.
Downside Risk - Because standard deviation measures risk as dispersion on either side of the mean, it cannot distinguish between good volatility and bad volatility.  Both practitioners and academics have recognised the need to make this distinction, resulting in a search for a better risk measure.  Several measures claim the title of "downside risk."
Drawdown - Percentage of loss during a given period.
Due Diligence - The investigation and evaluation of a management team's 
  characteristics, investment philosophy, and terms and conditions prior to committing 
  capital to the fund.
Early Stage - A fund investment strategy involving investment 
  in companies for product development and initial marketing, manufacturing and 
  sales activities.
Effectively Connected Income (ECI) - When a foreign person engages in a trade or business in the United States, all income from sources within the United States other than certain investment income, is considered to be Effectively Connected Income (ECI). This applies whether or not there is any connection between the income and the trade or business being carried on in the United States during the tax year.  Deductions are allowed against ECI, and it is taxed at the graduated rates or lesser rate under a tax treaty.
Engagement Letter - A formal agreement drafted between two parties outlining 
  the terms of the business commitment.
Escrow - money, property, a deed, or a bond put into the custody of a third party for delivery to a grantee only after the fulfillment of the conditions specified.
Escrow Agreement - A certificate provided by an approved bank that guarantees that the indicated securities are deposited at that particular bank.  For example, an investor who writes a call option and can present an escrow agreement is considered covered and does not need to meet margin requirements.
Equalization Amounts - Distribution to limited partnership interests according to highwater provisions, to properly account for performance-based fees, which may differ among investors, depending on the investor's entry points into a fund.
Equity Fund - Equity mutual funds invest primarily in stocks. The type of stocks a fund buys-whether those of small, up-and-coming companies or large, well-established ones-depends on the fund's investment objectives. The objectives are described in the fund's prospectus and are often implied by the fund's name, such as large-cap growth fund or small-cap aggressive-growth fund. You can reasonably expect a blue chip fund, for example, to concentrate on high-profile, well-established companies.
Exchange Fund - An investment vehicle introduced in 1999 that appeals 
  to wealthy investors with large holdings in a single stock who want to diversify 
  without paying capital gains taxes. These funds allow investors to exchange 
  their stock for shares in the diversified portfolio of stocks in a tax-free 
  transaction.
Exit Fee - A sales charge or commission paid when an individual sells an investment.  Intended to discourage withdrawals.
Exiting Climates - The conditions that influence the viability and attractiveness 
  of various exit strategies.
Exiting Strategy - A fund's intended method for liquidating its holdings 
  while achieving the maximum return possible.
Fair Market Value - The price at which an asset or service 
  passes from a willing seller to a willing buyer. 
FASB (Financial Accounting Standards Board) - Since 1973, FASB has been the designated organization in the private sector for establishing standards of financial accounting and reporting. Those standards govern the preparation of financial reports. They are officially recognized as authoritative by the Securities and Exchange Commission (Financial Reporting Release No. 1, Section 101) and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (Rule 203, Rules of Professional Conduct, as amended May 1973 and May 1979). Such standards are essential to the efficient functioning of the economy because investors, creditors, auditors and others rely on credible, transparent and comparable financial information.
 Financial Sponsor - see Management Firm.
Firm - see Management Firm.
 First Stage - The First round of financing following a company's startup phase that involves an institutional VC fund. The round is usually a step-up in valuation, total size (usually not less than $5 M) and per share price for companies' whose product(s) are either in development or commercially available.
FIRPTA - The objective of the Foreign Investment in US Real Property Tax Act of 1980 (FIRPTA) is to force non-resident aliens (NRA) to file U.S. income tax returns and pay tax on U.S. source profits.  The worry was that a foreign person would sell U.S. real estate and forget to file a US Income Tax Return. FIRPTA prevents this by requiring Federal withholding of 10% of the sales price, regardless of the amount of profit from the transaction.
Foreign Currency Options - Similar to interest rate options, except they are based on foreign exchange rates.  Also see interest rate options in this glossary.
Foreign Exchange Contracts - Contracts that provide for the future receipt or delivery of foreign currency at previously agreed-upon terms.
Forward rate agreements - Contracts to exchange payments on a specified future date, based on a market change in interest rates from trade date to contract settlement date.
Fund Age - The age of a fund (in years) from its first takedown to the 
  time an IRR is calculated.
Fund of Funds - A fund which takes minority equity positions in other 
  funds. If the focus is primarily investing in new funds this is a Primary or 
  Primaries fund of funds and if focusing on investing in existing funds this 
  is referred to as a Secondary fund of funds.
Fund Size - The total amount of capital committed by the limited and 
  general partners of a fund.
General Partner - see Management Firm.
General Partner (GP) Clawback - investors receive amounts received by the General Partner in excess of what the General Partner would have received if returns were calculated on an aggregate basis.

Haircut - i) In determining whether assets meet capital requirements, a percentage reduction in the stated value of assets; ii) in computing the worth of assets deposited as collateral or margin, a reduction from market value.
Hedge Funds - Mutual funds that use hedging techniques 
  to offset investment risk and yield returns in any market environment 
High Watermark - The assurance that a fund only takes fees on profits unique to an individual investment.  For example, a US$ 1,000,000 investment is made in year 1 and the fund declines by 50%, leaving US$500,000 in the fund.  In year 2, the fund returns to 100%, bringing the investment value back to US$1,000,000.  If a fund has a high watermark, it will not take incentive fees on the return in year 2, since the investment has never grown.  The fund will only take incentive fees if the investment grows above the initial level of US$1,000,000.  High watermark contracts have the appealing feature of paying the manager a bonus only when the investor makes a profit, and in addition, requiring that the manager make up any earlier losses before becoming eligible for the bonus payment.  On the other hand, their option-like characteristics induce risk-taking behaviour when the manager is below the high watermark, and the large bonus above the benchmark reduces long-run asset growth.
Holding Period - The amount of time an investment remains in a portfolio.
Hot Issue - A newly issued stock that is in great demand and rises quickly in price.  Special rules apply to the distribution of hot issues.
Hurdle Rate - The minimum investment return a fund must exceed before a performance allocation/incentive fee can be taken.  Hedge fund managers are typically compensated based on their performance by getting a percentage share (often 15-30%) of the gains made by the fund. If the fund has a hurdle, this means the fund has to gain that much - the amount of the hurdle -- before the hedge fund manager starts sharing in the profits. Say a fund has a 10% hurdle, and the manager charges a 20% performance allocation. If the fund only makes 10% in a year, the manager gets no share because the fund has not exceeded the hurdle. If the fund made 20% some year, then that year you would take the 20% return, subtract the 10% hurdle, and the manager would get 20% of the 10% that is left.
Hybrids - 
Hedge funds sometimes have "side pockets" for illiquid investments.  Almost a mini-private equity fund within a hedge fund.  It typically is limited to a fraction of the fund's portfolio.  Hedge funds have fewer protections than in private equity funds.
Private equity funds typically do not hold minority stakes in publicly traded securities except as a step toward taking a control position (e.g., "bridge financing").  The fund may invest cash temporarily in high-grade securities (e.g., T-bills; government securities) pending on long-term investment.  Sometimes such investments do not count toward hurdle and are not charged incentive allocation.
Illiquid - An investment that is not readily convertible 
  into cash.
Incentive Allocation - is the same thing as a performance fee.
For hedge funds, the periodic incentive allocation, typically annual, is on both realized and unrealized gains.  It is almost always 20% with high watermark; occasionally hurdle rate with a catch-up.
For private equity funds, there is no incentive allocation until investment actually realized.  Incentive allocation taken after investors receive either (i) return of capital plus hurdle on all investments that have been sold, plus allocated expenses; or (ii) return of all invested capital and all expense, including cost of investments not yet sold, plus hurdle.  Typically 20% over a hurdle rate with a catch-up: effective break-even fee varies based on level of catch-up; occasionally move to higher fee level (e.g., 30%) after high return threshold.  At end of fund (or periodically), adjust to ensure General Partner hasn't received more than would have if allocation calculated on an aggregate basis ("GP Clawback").
Incentive Fee - The fee on new products earned by the fund for that period.  For example, if the initial investment was US$1,000,000 and the fund returned 25% during the period (creating profits of US$250,000) and the fund has an incentive fee of 20%, then the fund receives 20% of the US$250,000 in profits or us$50,000.
Inception - The starting point at which IRR calculations for a fund 
  would be calculated; generally, the vintage year or date of first capital takedown. 

Interest Rate Futures and Forwards - Contracts for the delayed delivery of securities or money market instruments. The selling party agrees to deliver, on a specified future date, a specified instrument at a specified price or yield. 
Interest Rate Options - Contracts to modify interest rate risk in exchange for the payment of a premium when the contract is initiated, including caps and floors. As a writer of interest rate options, JPMorgan Chase receives a premium in exchange for bearing the risk of unfavorable changes in interest rates. Conversely, as a purchaser of an option, JPMorgan Chase pays a premium for the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a financial instrument or currency at predetermined terms in the future. 
Interest Rate Swaps - Contracts in which a series of interest rate flows in a single currency is exchanged over a prescribed period. Interest rate swaps are the most common type of derivative contract that JPMorgan Chase uses in its A/L activities. An example of a situation in which JPMorgan Chase would utilize an interest rate swap would be to convert its fixed-rate debt to a variable rate. By entering into the swap, the principal amount of the debt would remain unchanged, but the interest streams would change.
International Accounting Standards (IAS) - A set of standards on how particular types of transactions and other events should be reflected in financial statements.  International Accounting Standards (IAS) are issued by the Board of the International Accounting Standards Committee (IASC).  IASC has no authority to require compliance with its accounting standards. However, many countries require the financial statements of publicly-traded companies to be prepared in accordance with IAS.  Other countries do not permit companies to use IAS without a reconciliation to domestic generally accepted accounting principles.
 Investment Advisor - A firm that provides investment advisory services 
  to a partnership or a fund. 
Investment Company Act of 1940 - Purchasers must be Qualified Purchasers.  The legislation and associated regulations which govern the regulation of the fund (mutual, closed-end, exchange-traded, preferred) and investment advisory industries.  This act stipulates the conditions that funds and investment advisors have to meet in order to distribute their products and services to the general public.
Investment Grade Equivalent - JPMorgan Chase's internal risk assessment which generally represents a risk profile similar to that of a BBB-/Baa3 or better rating as defined by independent rating agencies, such as Standard & Poor's or Moody's.
Investment Strategy - The stated investments approach or focus of a 
  management team.
 Investment Summary (4-pager) - A summary of an investment opportunity 
  based on the Offering Memorandum that is distributed along with the Offering 
  Memorandum during the marketing period.
Investment Transparency, Excusal/Default - 
For hedge funds, investors do not know what the portfolio contains, nor do they receive advance notice of investments.  Since all the capital is funded up front, there is no risk of investor default.
For private equity funds, investors receive advance notice of each investment and they do not have to fund if it would cause a regulatory problem or "excusal."  They forfeit their portion of the investment and experience other penalties if they fail to fund without excusal.
Investor Protections - 
For hedge funds, securities laws protect investors against self-dealing by the manager.  Issues include principal trades, agency cross trades, and soft dollars
For private equity funds, the partnership common-law duty of loyalty protects investors against self-dealing by the General Partner.  The partnership agreement and offering memorandum typically modify this duty by describing what competing activities are permitted/forbidden.  Issues include successor funds, allocation of deals meeting the fund's investment objective, dedication of time by principals and diversification limits.  Protection practices like the GP clawback, escrow, write-down, and others may include the investor right to require fund dissolution or end investment period based on "cause"; loss of key principals or "no-fault divorce."
IPO (Initial Public Offering) - The sale or distribution of a stock of a portfolio company to the public for the first time.
IRR (Internal Rate of Return) - The discount rate that equates the net 
  present value (NPV) of an investment's cash inflows with its cash outflows.
Issuer Fee - Fee charged by a syndicate, equal to the difference between the gross sales to investors and the net proceeds received by the issuer.
JPMIM (J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.) - A subsidiary 
  of J.P. Morgan.
JPMPI (J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.) - A Delaware corporation 
  and a subsidiary of J.P. Morgan.
JPMPII (J.P. Morgan Private Investments International Inc.) - A Delaware 
  corporation and a subsidiary of J.P. Morgan.
Launch Date - The first day of the marketing period.
Leverage - Means of enhancing return or value without increasing investment.  Buying securities on margin is an example of leverag
e.  Investors use leverage when they believe that the return from the position will exceed the cost of the borrowed funds.  Leveraging both 
magnifies the risk of the strategy as well as creating risk by giving the lender power over the disposition of the investment portfolio.
 LBO (Leveraged Buyout) - A fund investment strategy involving the acquisition 
  of a product or business, from either a public or private company, utilizing 
  a significant amount of debt and little or no equity (usually a ratio of 90% 
  debt to 10% equity).
Limited Partners - the investors in a limited partnership.
 Limited Partnerships - the legal structure used by most venture and 
  private equity funds. Usually fixed life investment vehicles. The general partner 
  or management firm manages the partnership using policy laid down in a Partnership 
  Agreement. The Agreement also covers, terms, fees, structures and other items 
  agreed between the limited partners and the general partner.
Liquidation - The sale of the assets of a portfolio company to one or 
  more acquirers when venture capital investors receive some of the proceeds of 
  the sale.
Liquidity Risk - The risk of being unable to fund JPMorgan Chase's portfolio of assets at appropriate maturities and rates, and the risk of being unable to liquidate a position in a timely manner at a reasonable price.
Long Position - A transaction to purchase shares of a stock resulting in a net positive position.
Loss Carryforward - Synonymous with high watermark.
Lower Quartile - The point at which 75% of all returns in a group are 
  greater and 25% are lower.
LP - see Limited partners and Limited Partnerships.
Later Stage - A fund investment strategy involving financing for the 
  expansion of a company which is producing, shipping and increasing its sales 
  volume.

Managed Credit Card Receivables or Managed Basis - JPMorgan Chase uses this terminology to refer to its credit card receivables on the balance sheet plus securitized credit card receivables.
Management Fee - Compensation for the management of 
  a venture fund's activities, generally paid quarterly from the fund to the general 
  partner or management company.
For hedge funds, quarterly management fees are based on NAV of portfolio; usually 1% p.a.
For private equity funds, quarterly management fees based on capital commitments during investment period and based on cost of unsold investments thereafter; fees vary based on investment program; can be 2%-2.5% in some cases; usually at least 1.5% p.a.; sometimes varies by investor based on the size of commitment.
Management Team - The general partners that oversee the activities of 
  the venture capital fund.
Management Firm - The manager of a specific fund or funds. Where the 
  fund is a limited partnership the management firm is the General Partner.
Margin Call - Demand that an investor deposit enough money or securities to bring a margin account up to the minimum maintenance requirements.
Mark-to-Market Exposure - A measure at a point in time, of the value of a derivative or foreign exchange contract in the open market. When the mark-to-market is positive, it indicates the counterparty owes JPMorgan Chase and, therefore, creates a repayment risk for JPMorgan Chase. When the mark-to-market is negative, JPMorgan Chase owes the counterparty.  In this situation, JPMorgan Chase does not have repayment risk.
Market Neutral - Any strategy that attempts to eliminate market risk and be profitable in any market condition.
Market Risk - The potential loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments caused by movements in market variables, such as interest and foreign-exchange rates, credit spreads, and equity and commodity prices.
Marketer - a general term that represents bankers, GIS, securities sales persons, portfolio managers and wealth advisors.
Mature Funds - Funds that have been investing for at least five years.
Mega-Funds - Fund size > $100 million.
Mezzanine - A fund investment strategy involving subordinated debt (the 
  level of financing senior to equity and below senior debt).
Minimal Acceptable Return (MAR) - If there is a minimum return that must be earned to accomplish some goal (the minimal acceptable return), then any returns below the MAR will produce unfavourable outcomes and any returns greater will produce good outcomes.  Only returns below the MAR are associated with risk.
NAV (Net Asset Value) - The market value of a fund share.
Net Worth - The amount by which a person's assets exceed their  liabilities. For a public company this is known as shareholders equity.
Net Yield on Interest-Earning Assets - The average rate for interest-earning assets less the average rate paid for all sources of funds.
NFA (National Futures Association) - is a self-regulatory organization for the US Futures Industry.  NFA membership is mandatory for all Commodity Pool Operators ("CPO") that are registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") to conduct futures-related business with the public.
Non-U.S. person (as per CFTC) - 
(A)	a natural person who is not a resident of the United States;
(B)	a partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of business in a foreign jurisdiction;
(C)	an estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax
regardless of source;
(D)	An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment
company or other similar entity; Provided, That units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons or otherwise as qualified eligible persons represent in the aggregate less than 10% of the beneficial interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose of facilitating investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with respect to which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of Part 4 of the Fee's regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; and
(E)	a pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and
with its principal place of business outside the United States.
For the purposes of this definition, "United States" means the United States, its states, territories or possessions, or an enclave of the United States government, its agencies or instrumentalities.

Non-U.S. person (as per Regulation S) - 
(i)	any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held for the benefit or account of a non-U.S. person by a dealer or other professional fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States;
(ii)	any estate of which any professional fiduciary acting as executor or administrator
is a U.S. person if:
(A) an executor or administrator of the estate who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with respect to the assets of the estate; and
(B) the estate is governed by foreign law;
(iii)	any trust of which any professional fiduciary acting as trustee is a U.S. person, if a trustee who is not a U.S. person has sole or shared investment discretion with
respect to the trust assets, and no beneficiary of the trust (and no settlor if the trust is revocable) is a U.S. person;
(iv)	an employee benefit plan established and administered in accordance with the
law of a country other than the United States and customary practices and
documentation of such country;
(v)	any agency or branch of a U.S. person located outside the United States if:
(A) the agency or branch operates for valid business reasons; and
(B) the agency or branch is engaged in the business of insurance or banking
 and is subject to substantive insurance or banking regulation, respectively, in the
jurisdiction where located; and
(vi)	the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and
Development, the Inter-American Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the African Development Bank, the United Nations, and their agencies, affiliates and pension plans, and any other similar international organizations, their agencies, affiliates and pension plans.
For the purposses of this definition,"United States" means the United States of America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States, and the District of Columbia.
Offering Costs - The price a potential buyer is willing 
  to pay for a security.
Offering Memorandum - A document that outlines the terms of securities 
  to be offered in a private placement.
Offshore Fund - An investment vehicle that is set up from outside of the home country and is managed from a tax jurisdiction not available to citizens of the home country.
Organizational Costs - The costs incurred during the structuring of 
  an investment. This is typically legal and advisory costs.
Ongoing Costs - The costs incurred throughout the term of an investment.
Onshore Fund - An investment vehicle that is set up in the home country that is available to its citizens.
Operating Basis or Operating Earnings - Reported results excluding the impact of merger and restructuring costs, special items and credit card securitizations. 
Operational Risk - The risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factor, or external events.
 Origination Fee - Compensation for the placement agent of an investment, 
  which is calculated as a percentage of an investors commitment amount.
Other Fees - There are usually no other fees for hedge funds.  Other fees for private equity funds include break-up fees, director's fees, advisory fees, and acquisition/disposition fees; generally shared with investors
Partnership Agreement - A legal document which details 
  the relationship between two or more people or businesses.
Performance Fee - Fee paid to manager based on how well the investment strategy performs.
Prime Broker - Service offered by major brokerage firms providing clearance, settlement, and custody functions.
 Private Equity - The sale of a bond or other security directly to a 
  limited number of investors.
Pooled IRR - A method of calculating an aggregate IRR by summing cash 
  flows together to create a portfolio cashflow and calculate IRR on portfolio 
  cashflow.
Portfolio company - the company or entity into which a fund invests 
  directly.
Portfolio Diversification Theory - The theory assumes that investors want the least possible dispersion of returns for a given level of gain.
Primary fund of funds - see fund of funds.
Qualified Purchasers (QPs) - (a) Individuals: An individual is a "qualified purchaser" if he or she has $5 million or more in
investments (described generally below).
(b) Companies or partnerships owned by related individuals (FAMILY COMPANIES): Any company or partnership that owns $5 million or more in investments (described
generally below) and that is owned by two or more members of the same family, or by the estates of such persons, or foundations, charitable organizations, or
trusts established by or for the benefit of such persons is a "qualified purchaser."
(c) Trusts: Any trust that is not included in the paragraph directly above is a "qualified purchaser," provided that it was not formed for the specific purpose
of acquiring an interest in the private placement, and the trustee or other person authorized to make decisions for the trust and each settlor or other person
who has contributed assets to the trust is a "qualified purchaser" in his or her own right.
(d) Corporations: Any entity or person, such as a corporation, acting for its own account who in the aggregate owns and invests on a discretionary basis $25
million or more in investments is a "qualified purchaser."
(e) IRAs/Profit Sharing Plan: In the case of an IRA, the beneficiary of the IRA or the person managing the IRA would have be a "qualified purchaser."  In the
case of a participant-directed profit sharing plan, all participants in the plan must be QPs.  In the unusual case of a non-participant-directed profit sharing
plan, the plan itself must have $25 or more in investments.
(f) Investments: For purposes of determining "qualified purchaser" status, investments include certain types of holdings in securities, real estate,
commodities, cash, and other assets, held for investment purposes.
Quartile - Segment of a sample representing a sequential 
  quarter (25%) of the group. (First 10 out of 40 funds - first quartile, etc.)
Range of IRRs - Presents the low and high internal rates 
  of return for a given year.
Redemption - The return of an investor's principal in a security, such as a bond, preferred stock or mutual fund shares, at or prior to maturity.
Redemption Fee - Fee charged upon a voluntary redemption from an investment vehicle.
Regulation D - Section 4(2)  and related safe harbor and rules under Reg. D provide an exemption for "transactions with an issuer not involving a public offering."  The exemption is subject to the following conditions:

 Purchasers must be "accredited investors"
 Neither the issuer nor anyone acting on its behalf may engage in any "general solicitation or general advertising"

This means no advertising, press conferences, any notices or other communication in the newspaper or media, public announcements, general distribution research
Purchasers must be "clients/ known prospects"

Regulation S - Regulation S under the Securities Act of 1933 (the "1933 Act") is used to facilitate offers and sales of unregistered securities outside the U.S. by providing a safe harbor from registration under the 1933 Act for offers and sales of securities that occur outside the United States and that otherwise comply with the Regulation's requirements. 
The safe harbor is available if the offer and sale of securities is made in an "offshore transaction" and if no "directed selling efforts" are made in the U.S.  Additional restrictions may apply, depending on the nature of the securities. 
The effect of these requirements is that offers and sales of securities in reliance on Regulation S  (a "Reg. S Security") may NOT be made to any person in the U.S.  The buyer must be outside the U.S. at the time the buy order is originated.  Further, there can be no "directed selling efforts" in the U.S. by the issuer, a distributor, or any affiliate, or any person acting on their behalf in connection with the offer or sale of the securities.  This requirement that there are no "directed selling efforts" in the U.S. precludes any activity undertaken for the purpose of, or that can reasonably be expected to have the effect of, conditioning the market for the security being offered; that is, any marketing activity in the U.S. is precluded.  Specifically, as a result of these requirements:  

 Clients must be physically located outside of the U.S. when the Reg. S security is offered or sold;
 When mailing marketing materials to your clients regarding a Reg. S security, you must mail to an address outside of the U.S.;
 Clients must execute the subscription documents outside of the U.S.;
 You cannot market the product, or even discuss it, with the client in the U.S. (i.e., if the client comes to an office in the U.S.)
 The securities cannot otherwise be marketed in the U.S.;
 Seasoning period - generally of 40 days for debt securities and one year for equity securities, commencing generally upon closing of the offering.  During this period, if applicable, an offer or sale cannot be made to a U.S. person.  After the seasoning period, Reg. S securities can be sold in the U.S. 

Note:  The seasoning requirements are technical.  When securities are continuously offered, they never season. Sometimes it is difficult to establish when the 40-day or 1-year seasoning period begins.  In any event, Compliance must approve the offer and sale of Reg. S Securities in the U.S. whether on the basis that the securities are seasoned, or otherwise.
Under certain circumstances, offers and sales may be made to fiduciary accounts in the U.S. for the benefit of non-U.S. persons.  See Compliance before such sales are contemplated.
Regulatory Issues -  Hedge Funds

 Securities Act of 1933 (private placement; 10b-5)
 Investment Company Act of 1940 ("1940 Act")-3(c)(1), 3(c)(7), 3(c)(5)(c) exceptions
 Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") - 203(b)(3) exemption
 ERISA - 25% limit

Regulatory Issues - Pivate Equity Funds

 Securities Act of 1933 (private placement; 10b-5)
 Investment Company Act of 1940 ("1940 Act")-3(c)(1), 3(c)(7), 3(c)(5)(c) exceptions
 Investment Advisers Act of 1940 ("Advisers Act") - 203(b)(3) exemption
 ERISA can rely on VCOC/OC/REOC to go above 25% benefit plan participation
 Sometimes make parallel vehicles to address regulatory issues regarding particular investor/investments (e.g., group trust for tax-exempts).  The fact that the fund takes controlling interest in companies means may face greater issues in regulated industries (e.g., BHCA, PUHCA, media and insurance regulation)

Residual Value - The remaining equity which a limited partner has in 
  a fund.
Restricted Securities - Public securities which are not freely tradable 
  due to SEC regulations.
Second Stage - Working capital for the initial expansion 
  of a company, which is producing and shipping and has growing accounts receivable 
  and inventories. Although the company has clearly made progress, it may not 
  yet be showing a profit.
Secondary fund of funds - see Fund of funds.
Secondary Sale - The sale of private or restricted holdings in a portfolio 
  company to other investors.
Seed Stage - An investment strategy involving portfolio companies, which 
  have not yet fully established commercial operations, and may also involve continued 
  research and product development.
Sequence - This refers to classification by New versus Follow-on funds. 
  New funds are defined as the first fund a management group raises together, 
  regardless of the experience level of individual professionals in that group. 
  Follow-On funds refer to subsequent funds (II, III, IV, etc.) raised by the 
  same management group.
SFAS - Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
SFAS 107 - Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments
SFAS 109 - Accounting for Income Taxes
SFAS 114 - Accounting by Creditors for Impairment of a Loan
SFAS 115 - Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities
SFAS 123 - Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation
SFAS 128 - Earnings per Share
SFAS 133 - Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
SFAS 140 - Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities - a replacement of FASB Statement No. 125
SFAS 141 - Business Combinations
SFAS 142 - Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Shareholder Value Added (SVA) - Represents cash operating earnings minus preferred dividends and an explicit charge for capital.
Sharpe Ratio - The ratio of return above the minimum acceptable return (difference between the return on the portfolio and the risk-free rate) divided by the standard deviation.  It provides information of the return per unit of dispersion risk.
Short Position - A transaction to sell shares of a stock that the investor does not own.
Six sigma - Represents a business management approach that enables firms to improve the quality of products and services delivered to clients through understanding client priorities, and then eliminating process defects and failures. "Sigma's" (or standard deviations) are statistical measures of the defects or failures generated by a business process.
Solicited Order  - When a transaction in a specific security is recommended to a client by a registered representative and the client enters an order as a result of that recommendation, the resulting order is considered solicited.  Other actions that may result in an order being deemed solicited include the mailing, faxing or emailing of a research report, marketing letter or other written communication for the purpose of encouraging the client to act on the information provided.  Sending or providing a client with a prospectus on a new issue, generally, is a solicited order.
Note:  Prohibited Transactions
Registered Representatives may NOT solicit the transactions listed below:

 Securities included on the Firm's Restricted List.
 The buy side when securities are being sold under Rule 144
 Securities not covered in JPMSI research
 Penny stock's not covered by JPMSI research
All Order tickets must be marked appropriately as solicited or unsolicited.
Sortino Ratio - The Sortino Ratio is similar to the Sharpe Ratio, except that instead of using standard deviation as the denominator, it uses Downside Deviation.  The Sortino Ratio was developed to differentiate between the 'good' and 'bad' volatility in the Sharpe Ratio.
Sponsor - see Management firm.
Standard Deviation - A measure of the dispersion of a group of numerical values from the mean.  It is calculated by taking the differences between each number in the group and the arithmetic average, squaring them to give the variance, summing them, and taking the square root.
Stress Testing - Discloses market risk under plausible events in abnormal markets. 
Term - Hedge funds have a perpetual term, but investors can withdraw from the fund.  See Withdrawal/Distribution.  Private equity funds have a fixed term and investors generally cannot withdraw from the fund, except in the case of legal requirement.
Terms and Conditions - The financial and management 
  conditions under which venture capital limited partnerships are structured.
The 3(c)(1) Fund  - Refers to provisions of the Investment Company Act that exempts hedge funds from certain registration and clients' requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940 as long as there are less than 100 investors.
The 3(c)(7) Fund - Offers securities to "qualified purchasers". The Investment Company Act of 1940 does not limit the number of qualified purchasers that may participate. However certain provisions of the Securities and Exchange Act, Section 12 (g), effectively limits the number of investors in the partnership to not more than 500.
Third Stage - Funds provided for the major growth expansion of a company whose sales volume is increasing and which is breaking even or profitable. These funds are utilized for further expansion, marketing, and working capital or development of an improved product.
Turnaround - Financing provided to a company at a time of operational 
  or financial difficulty with the intention of improving the company's performance.
Universe - The universe of all known private venture 
  capital partnerships in the U.S. Funds excluded were: those funds making substantial 
  foreign investments; hybrid funds primarily making public market purchases; 
  funds doing solely leveraged buyouts; and funds of funds. The Universe also 
  excluded funds with a single corporate partner, funds formed to acquire an existing 
  venture capital firm's portfolio, wholly-owned venture capital subsidiaries 
  of financial or non financial corporations, Small Business Investment Companies 
  (SBICs) and family funds.
Unrelated Business Taxable Income (UBTI) - is a concern to tax exempt investors in a hedge fund because the receipt of UBTI requires the tax exempt entity to file a tax return that it would not otherwise have to file and pay taxes on income that would otherwise be exempt, at the corporate rate.  UBTI includes most business operations income and does not include interest, dividends and gains from the sale or exchange of capital assets.  Hedge funds trade their own securities and therefor the tax exempt investor's share of such income of the hedge fund is not UBTI and not subject to federal income tax.  However, hedge funds may subject tax exempt entities to UBTI under certain circumstances where the hedge fund is borrowing or purchasing securities on margin.  Such transactions may subject the tax exempt to UBTI tax.  Generally, tax exempt investor entities prefer the offshore investment company (possibly the feeder fund)to avoid UBTI tax.
Unsolicited Order - Any order initiated by a client for a particular security which was not recommended or otherwise suggested in any manner by the registered representative, other than to respond to the client's request for statistical and factual information such as the current earnings, dividend, high and low for the year etc. is considered an unsolicited order.
Note:  Prohibited Transactions
Registered Representatives may NOT solicit the transactions listed below:

 Securities included on the Firm's Restricted List.
 The buy side when securities are being sold under Rule 144
 Securities not covered in JPMSI research
 Penny stock's not covered by JPMSI research

All Order tickets must be marked appropriately as solicited or unsolicited.
Upper Quartile - The point at which 25% of all returns in a group are 
  greater and 75% are lower.
U.S. person (as per Regulation S) - 
(i)	 any natural person resident in the United States;
(ii)	 any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the
United States;
(iii)	any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person;
(iv)	any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person;
(v)	any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;
(vi)	any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust)
held by a dealer or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person;
(vii)	any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and
(viii)	Any partnership or corporation if:
(A) organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and
(B) formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities
not registered under the Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned,
by accredited investors (as defined in '230.501(a)) who are not natural persons,
estates or trusts.

Valuation Method - The policy guidelines a management 
  team uses to value the holdings in the fund's portfolio.
Vintage - The year of fund formation and first takedown of capital.
Vintage Group - The range of years in which a group of funds were found 
  and executed the first takedown of capital.
Withdrawal/ Distribution -
Hedge funds - Investors may withdraw periodically, usually at year-end, but are subject in some cases to lock-ups (e.g., 3 years from date of initial investment.  Generally no other distributions.  However, the General Partner also has right to force investors to withdraw.
Private equity funds - Investors have no withdrawal rights, except in the case of legal requirement.  Capital returned and profits distributed as investments are sold subject to reinvestment, if any.  The remaining investments are sold or distributed in kind at end of term.
Write-down - A reduction in the value of an investment.
Write-off - The write-down of a portfolio company's holdings to a valuation 
  of zero and the venture capital investors receive no proceeds from their investment.
Write-up - An increase in the value of an investment.






















J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.





J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. is a Mutual Fund Advisor based in New York, NY with $75B in AUM.











Information


Type
Mutual Fund Advisor


HEAD QUARTERS
   New York, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
510


Total Assets
$74,651,492,356



Website







Location
        



270 Park Ave


New York,
NY
10172


212-464-1834









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on May 26, 2017





$74.7B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






340K

          
Accounts
          


$219.3K

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Highbridge Capital Management, LLC
              
IAR
              
$9,134,772,410
              


J.P. Morgan (Suisse) Sa
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan Asset Management
              
IAR
              
$1,228,241,838,757
              


J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
              
Dual Registrant
              
$81,561,720,625
              


Jpmorgan Distribution Services, Inc.
              
Broker-Dealer
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Mary Elizabeth Savino

Director And Head Of Investment Advisory
      
April, 2016
      
less than 5%
      


Michael Choi

Chief Compliance Officer
      
December, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Glenn Joseph Hill

President And Director
      
March, 2010
      
less than 5%
      


Thomas C Mc Graw

Director
      
September, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Laura Ann Pantaleo

Director
      
February, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Yejoteworq Kassa

Director
      
January, 2013
      
less than 5%
      


David Edward Wezdenko

Director
      
January, 2009
      
less than 5%
      


Robert Jay Klein

Director
      
January, 2014
      
less than 5%
      


Vishal V Thakkar

Chief Financial Officer
      
August, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Rose Marie Burke

Assistant Secretary And Chief Legal Officer
      
July, 2005
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations


















































J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. - Financial Services Firm, New York, New York - BrightScope Advisor Pages































[[getSearchTypeDisplayName(searchType)]]


Advisor

Funds

Firms

401k Plans










































































Back to top



Home>FirmPages>J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.





J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.



OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees









Share


J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc.









OverviewArticlesHoldingsAssetsServicesAdvisorsLeadershipFees








Overview







Description
        
 J.P. Morgan Private Investments Inc. is a Mutual Fund Advisor based in New York, NY with $75B in AUM.











Information


Type
Mutual Fund Advisor


HEAD QUARTERS
   New York, NY 




# OF EMPLOYEES
510


Total Assets
$74,651,492,356



Website







Location
        



270 Park Ave


New York,
NY
10172


212-464-1834









Articles







Insights




There are no insights from this firm to display at this time.






Procter & Gamble Plans Competitive, But Exposure to Company Stock a Risk to Participants
BrightScope Editorial






Firm Links




There are no links for this firm to display at this time.









Holdings







ETF Holdings




There is no ETF holding data from this firm to display at this time.










Assets







Assets
Last updated on May 26, 2017





$74.7B
Total Assets Under Management


N/A
Total Assets Under Advisement






340K

          
Accounts
          


$219.3K

          
Estimated Average Account Balance
          













Services







Firm Services
        




There is no Services data available to display at this time.








Firm Client types







Advisors









Current Advisors


# of advisors
0






There are no advisors from this firm to display at this time.





















Affiliated Investment Advisors and Broker Dealers



Name

Type

Total Assets





Highbridge Capital Management, LLC
              
IAR
              
$9,134,772,410
              


J.P. Morgan (Suisse) Sa
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan Asset Management
              
IAR
              
$1,228,241,838,757
              


J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A.
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan International Bank Limited
              
--
              
--
              


J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
              
Dual Registrant
              
$81,561,720,625
              


Jpmorgan Distribution Services, Inc.
              
Broker-Dealer
              
--
              



















Leadership







Ownership




There is no ownership data available to display at this time.






Executives and Control Persons




Name

Title

Tenure Date

% Ownership





Mary Elizabeth Savino

Director And Head Of Investment Advisory
      
April, 2016
      
less than 5%
      


Michael Choi

Chief Compliance Officer
      
December, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Glenn Joseph Hill

President And Director
      
March, 2010
      
less than 5%
      


Thomas C Mc Graw

Director
      
September, 2006
      
less than 5%
      


Laura Ann Pantaleo

Director
      
February, 2015
      
less than 5%
      


Yejoteworq Kassa

Director
      
January, 2013
      
less than 5%
      


David Edward Wezdenko

Director
      
January, 2009
      
less than 5%
      


Robert Jay Klein

Director
      
January, 2014
      
less than 5%
      


Vishal V Thakkar

Chief Financial Officer
      
August, 2001
      
less than 5%
      


Rose Marie Burke

Assistant Secretary And Chief Legal Officer
      
July, 2005
      
less than 5%
      










Source: SEC








Fees






Types of Compensation Arrangements


Percentage Of Assets

Performance-Based Fees


















Company Info
            About Us

Newsroom

Careers

Contact

Blog





Explore
            401K Plan Ratings

Advisor Pages

Fund Pages

Financial Insights

FAQ





For Advisors
            Advisor Pages

Spyglass





For Enterprise
            Beacon





Social
            Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn





Legal
            Privacy Policy

Terms of Use






Copyright © 2008-2017, BrightScope Inc. All Rights Reserved. Your use of this service is subject to ourTerms of UseandPrivacy Policy





Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for investment purposes or advice.BrightScope is not a fiduciary under ERISA. BrightScope is not endorsed by or affiliated with FINRA.
        










BrightScope /
CIO /
FWW /
Global Custodian /
Investor Economics /
LiquidMetrix /
Market Metrics /
Matrix Solutions /
PLANADVISER /
Plan For Life /
PLANSPONSOR /
Simfund /
Strategic Insight /
The Trade

©2016 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction without Prior Authorizations



































































		
			
				
				
				
				Alternative Investments at J.P. Morgan Asset Management -
			
		
		J.P. Morgan Institutional Asset Management
	
























Skip Nav




 Welcome to Institutional Asset
			Management | 







	Contact Us
Client Reporting
















					
						
			            	Alternative Investments at J.P. Morgan Asset Management
						
					
				

Investment Strategies 


 


Alternatives: Global Real Assets 
			
	



								
											
											,
								
							
								
						
					
					    
						
						
															
								
									
								







	
		
		
		
			
		
		
		

		Alternatives: Private Equity & Debt 
			
	



								
											
											,
								
							
								
						
					
					    
						
						
															
								
									
								







	
		
		
		
			
		
		
		

		Alternatives: Hedge Funds 
			
	



								
											
											
								
							
								
						
					
                                         
					  ,
				           
				
				
                     
				
				
					
						
						
							
							
							
								
									
										









	
		
	



	
		
			
		
		
			
		
	
 
Alternatives




print









		The J.P. Morgan alternatives platform offers access to a broad range of single-manager and multi-manager funds, spanning the full range of strategies including hedge funds, private equity and debt and global real assets. We base our investment processes on proven fundamental and quantitative research and a deep understanding of how markets operate. The result is a portfolio designed specifically towards meeting clients’ unique investing needs.

		 

		Global leader in alternatives


			Over 475 global investment professionals manage more than 30 hedge fund, private equity, private credit and real asset strategies

Global presence in over 20 major cities

			Focus on innovative, specialty strategies and portfolio customization

			USD 119 billion in alternative assets under management1


		Collection of boutique managers


			Highbridge, JPS Alternatives Group, JPMAAM Hedge Fund Solutions, Global Real Assets, J.P. Morgan Private Equity Group and Alternative Beta

			Global resources, reach, and strength of J.P. Morgan Asset Management, with USD 1.7 trillion assets under management2


		Focus on understanding each investor



				Experience in executing tailored solutions for corporate pension plans, insurance companies, public plans, sovereigns and central banks, investment consultants, Taft-Hartley plans, endowments and foundations and retail investors




	 








1As of December 31, 2014

2As of December 31, 2014





	      



 



 Let us call you 







GRA Launches Direct Real Asset Investment Platform 


											
											Read the press release
											
										





 





	Trends in institutional hedge fund investing





 








close
You are about to leave the J.P. Morgan Institutional Asset Management site

	 Please click below to continue or select the exit option on the right to remain on this site.

Continue



close

 Email This Page 

* = Fields are required.
Your Information







				
					
						
						
							Email	
						
					
					
				


Please enter a valid email address


Recipient's Information


				
					
						
						
							Email	
						
					
					*



Please enter  valid email address




				
					
						
						
							Comments	
						
					
					
				





Send

Note: J.P. Morgan will not use information collected here for marketing or promotional purposes beyond the scope of this request


Thank you for sharing
Your email has been sent. We appreciate you taking the time to share our website.
View more Insights



close
Copy & Paste Page Link
Copy the link below to bookmark or share this page.




Copy Link



close

			Change Site
		


J.P. Morgan Home 
J.P. Morgan Asset Management 

	J.P. Morgan Global Liquidity

J.P. Morgan Regional Sites 




close

					SELECT YOUR COUNTRY
				
(All sites are in English)


ASIA PACIFIC


EUROPE


NORTH AMERICA 





 Australia 
 Hong Kong 
 Korea 
 Singapore 
 Taiwan 




 Austria 
 Belgium 
 Denmark 
 Finland 
 France 
 Germany 
 Greece 
 Hungary 
 Ireland 
 Italy 




 Luxembourg 
 Netherlands 
 Norway 
 Portugal 
 Romania 
 Spain 
 Sweden 
 Switzerland 
 United Kingdom 




 Canada 
 United States 



For countries not shown above, please close the window to exit the site.







View Full Profile


 years withJ.P. Morgan
  yearsExperience










