




5 Steps to Independence Video










































Close







BILL RAPP


Loan Officer | NMLS 228246Licensed in AZ, CA, CO, CT, FL, GA, IL, LA, NJ, OH, OK, PA, TX, & VA














STEP 1 : WATCH THE VIDEO







RITCHIE DERAICHE









STEP 2: BOOK YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION





Click here - Phone App & Mortgage Calculator







CONSULT AN EXPERT - FREE OF CHARGE




































GET YOUR FREE ANALYSIS








REQUEST YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION


















Step 3: Download your free Mortgage Calculator









HERE'S WHAT YOU WILL RECEIVE ON THAT FREE ANALYSIS SESSION:








COMPLETELY FREE CREDIT SCORE BOOSTING AUDIT 


A STEP-BY-STEP PLAN TO BUY AN INVESTMENT PROPERTY THOUSANDS UNDER THE LISTING PRICE















KNOWLEDGEABLE, HONEST, AND RELIABLE


“I will definitely keep you in mind . If anyone I know needs financing, I will send them your way!”







COULD NOT HAVE ASKED FOR A BETTER EXPERIENCE..








WITH PROVEN STRATEGIES, PROVEN RESULTS, HERE'S WHAT MY CLIENTS SAY:


JONSALEEM,CRPC®FINANCIALADVISOR – HOUSTON, TX





"Best damn Mortgage guy a man could know!"







GABE & CHELSEA JACKSON – PEARLAND, TX


Resources & Links1. CLICK HERE FOR PRIVATE FUNDING FOR "FLIPS"2. FIND A CCIM BROKER3. CLICK HERE FOR CREDIT REPAIR INFORMATION

















CLAIM YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION NOW




































GET YOUR FREE ANALYSIS








REQUEST YOUR FREE ANALYSIS SESSION








Save Thousands of dollars with your free analysis session - claim it below







Commercial Financing
If you have never had to deal with commercial real estate financing, you may find it intimidating. That is certainly the case for most first-time commercial borrowers. Commercial real estate mortgages are quite different from their residential cousins in terms of both complexity and cost. But getting the facts before you apply for a loan should eliminate any fears about this fantastic business financing technique.

The Basics of Commercial Real Estate Financing

Commercial real estate financing is very similar to residential mortgage lending in that real property is pledged as collateral against a loan to either buy or refinance the property. A business may also borrow against the equity in property it owns, which like its residential counterpart can take the form of a business line of credit or a lump sum payment for any business purpose. Commercial real estate mortgages generally require regular payments of principal and interest -- commercial mortgage rates can be either fixed or variable -- until the loan is paid in full. Moreover, a commercial lender retains a security interest in the property throughout the loan term, with the same right to foreclose if the borrower defaults as a residential lender. 

What distinguishes commercial mortgage lending from residential lending are the characteristics of the property and the borrower. Unlike residential mortgages, which are geared toward the individual and 1-4 unit residential dwellings, commercial property financing is designed for business entities -- both for profit and not-for-profit -- to mortgage nearly any type of retail, office, industrial, multi-unit (5+) unit residential, or just about any other commercially zoned real property.

Because of these property and borrower characteristics, commercial real estate mortgages are viewed as higher risk transactions by the lending industry. The limited marketability of commercial property and higher risk of borrower default translates to less generous terms and more conservative underwriting by commercial mortgage lenders than those found in the residential arena. If a lender has to take possession of a commercial property through foreclosure, it will generally have much more difficulty selling it to recoup its money than it would a house. To compensate for the greater risk, commercial mortgage rates are substantially higher as are down payment requirements, and loan terms are shorter (typically a maximum of 25/30 years). 

Commercial mortgage lenders prefer a solid business borrower, but for newer businesses or companies that cannot meet the required financial performance standards, a personal guarantee of repayment from one or more of the firm's principals may be used to compensate. 

A final important difference between commercial real estate financing and the residential variety is that commercial real estate mortgages are more expensive to process and close. Not only are they much larger loans on average than residential mortgages, but nearly every aspect of the "due diligence" phase -- from valuation, to title, to underwriting -- is more complicated and, therefore, more costly. 

An Illustration: The "Vanilla" Commercial Mortgage Loan

To help you understand how commercial mortgage lending works in practice, here are the major characteristics of a standard "vanilla" commercial mortgage loan.

Debt Coverage Ratio

Commercial real estate financing is based primarily on the income of the property rather than the borrower. The lender will want evidence that the property will produce more than enough income to cover the mortgage payments. Generally, commercial mortgage lenders require the property to produce from 1.1 to 1.25 times the monthly mortgage payment in net rental income. For example, if the monthly mortgage payment is $2,000, the property should be producing $2,200 to $2,500 after all expenses are paid. 

Down Payment

Commercial mortgage loans typically require a borrower to put a minimum of 25% down. A higher down payment may be required for certain properties that carry greater risk, newer companies or those without a solid track record of consistent profitability.

Prepayment Penalties

Commercial real estate mortgages normally carry deescalating prepayment penalties, that is, a fee due to the lender if the loan is paid off within a certain period of time after it is made. For example, the fee might be 5% of the outstanding balance during the first year, 4% the second year, and so on, with no penalty after the fifth year. For obvious reasons, prepayment penalties are a particularly important consideration for a business that may not wish to -- or be able to -- own the property long enough to avoid them.

Although these characteristics illustrate a “standard” in commercial real estate mortgages, you can find many lenders with flexibility in any of them. Generally, deviating from a standard will entail an offsetting adjustment in others to compensate for the increased risk. For example, an up-front fee or higher interest rate might reduce or entirely eliminate a prepayment penalty, while a personal guarantee from one or more company owners might reduce the required down payment.
Where to Go For Commercial Real Estate Financing

Commercial mortgage lending is widely available throughout the U.S. The three most common sources of commercial real estate mortgages are:
1. Commercial Mortgage Backed Securities2. Regional Banks3. Private Equity Companies - i.e. Life Insurance Companies / Pension Manager / Hedge Funds4. Specialty Finance Companies - i.e. Third-Party ("Conduit") and Hard Money Lenders
Commercial Mortgage Brokers
Naturally, most business owners turn to banks -- particularly ones with whom they have established relationships -- for their commercial real estate financing. On the one hand, banks tend to offer the lowest commercial mortgage rates; on the other, they are the most rigid in their lending. Many banks will refuse loans on certain classes of property or exclude companies from specific industries. They also require more documentation and may charge higher fees than other commercial mortgage lending sources.

Conduit and hard money lenders can fund commercial mortgage loans with less documentation and more quickly than banks. Because their money comes from private sources, insurance companies, and commercial lines of credit, they can be much more flexible in their lending. You will find that hard money lenders, in particular, will loan money at lightning speed on virtually any type of property with much less stringent criteria for their borrowers -- all at a cost: Hard Money Lenders charge significantly higher mortgage rates than banks.

For larger capital needs, companies often turn to private equity companies. Private equity companies can provide critical commercial real estate financing on the total cost of a project. The equity range is the difference between the total cost of the real estate and the amount the senior lender is willing to provide -- normally no more than 75 percent of costs. So, for a $5 million project, commercial mortgage lenders would typically loan no more than $3.8 million, leaving $1.2 million in the equity range for the borrower to fund. If the borrowing entity has $200,000 in cash to put into the project, it could consider a mezzanine loan or an equity capital investment to come up with the remaining $1 million. Private Equity Companies are quite versatile and they can provide creative, flexible financing solutions, but they expect a good return on investment, so their interest rates are considerably higher than those charged by commercial lenders. Commercial mortgage brokers don't fund loans directly. Instead, a good broker will conduct a thorough assessment of your needs and research the programs offered by other commercial mortgage lending sources to find you the right mortgage solution with the most competitive rates and fees. A good commercial mortgage broker will have established relationships with many different lenders offering a wide variety of lending programs, giving you access to financing you might not be able to find on your own. As an added benefit, commercial mortgage brokers handle the tedious details of loan processing and packaging, making an otherwise complex transaction less stressful and saving you much time and energy. Using just any commercial mortgage broker could cost you either in up-front fees, a higher than market interest rate, or both. A good one, though, will orchestrate a smooth transaction with an optimal loan suited to your company's specific needs at a competitive rate.

With so many choices, it is important that you shop around, but the goal of your shopping should not be just to get the best rate. As is the case in residential mortgages, commercial mortgage rates and terms will vary from one lending source to the next. But with such a big financial commitment at stake, unless you have expertise in commercial real estate financing, you need a trusted advisor to both help you understand and to guide you through the complex process that defines a commercial mortgage loan. 

Regardless of the source you ultimately use, a little preparation before you begin your search for commercial real estate financing will go a long way towards reducing stress and assuring a good outcome.

Preparation: The Key to a Smooth Commercial Mortgage Lending Process

When you are ready to begin your search for a commercial mortgage lender, some advance preparation will serve you well. The complex nature of commercial real estate financing means you cannot expect to "rate shop" multiple lenders with a few minutes on the telephone -- at least, not with any reliability. 
Any prospective lender you contact should ask you for the following information, which is needed to give you an informed, accurate decision about your company's ability to borrow and the approximate rates and terms you can expect: 1. Year-to-date profit & loss statement and balance sheet 2. Three years business income tax returns 3. Projected cash flow for the next 36 months
4. Personal Financial Statement and Resume for the Principal5. Property information
6. Written business plan
Having these items available will not only make your task easier, it will make it more likely you receive both an accurate quote and solid feedback on your loan request. Be wary of any prospective lender who will quote rates and terms without the required information. You could be in for nasty surprises later!

Commercial real estate financing is another of the business financing power tools available to your company. Unlike other types of credit for business, which typically have less attractive terms and a relatively short repayment period, commercial mortgage loans offer an excellent means to acquire property and manage risk with long-term, asset based financing, at attractive interest rates and with favorable tax treatment.









Copyright 2016 © Veterans.BillRappOnline.com


Bill Rapp


Terms & Conditions -


Loan Officer, Houston


Privacy Policy







832-956-0901Network Funding, LP9700 Richmond Ave Ste 320Houston, TX 77042NMLS 2297



























 





JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Jpmbb Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-c21 is based out of Boston.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




jpmbb commercial mortgage securities trust 2014-c21


C/O STATE STREET BANK &AMP; TRUST CO

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02110


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      2126483063
SEC SIC CODE:6189-ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES







Recent SEC Filings




10-D filed on 06/29/2017
10-D filed on 05/31/2017
10-D filed on 04/28/2017
10-D filed on 03/30/2017
10-K filed on 03/22/2017
10-D filed on 03/02/2017
10-D filed on 01/31/2017
10-D filed on 12/29/2016
10-D filed on 12/01/2016
10-D filed on 10/31/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 























	Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21












Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21






                    Global Credit Research - 26 May 2016
                







Approximately $1.08 Billion of Structured Securities Affected


New York, May 26, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service has affirmed the ratings on twelve classes in 
JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 as follows: 





Cl. A-1, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-2, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-3, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-4, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-5, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-S, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-SB, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jun 5, 
2015 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C, Affirmed A3 (sf); previously on Jun 5, 
2015 Affirmed A3 (sf)


Cl. EC, Affirmed A1 (sf); previously on Jun 5, 
2015 Affirmed A1 (sf)


Cl. X-A, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jun 
5, 2015 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)




RATINGS RATIONALE




The ratings on the nine P&I classes, from Class A-1 through 
Class C, were affirmed because the transaction's key metrics, 
including Moody's loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, Moody's 
stressed debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) and the transaction's Herfindahl 
Index (Herf), are within acceptable ranges.




The ratings on two IO classes, Classes X-A and X-B, 
were affirmed based on the credit performance (or the weighted average 
rating factor or WARF) of the referenced classes.




The rating on one exchangeable class, Class EC, was affirmed 
based on the credit performance (or the weighted average rating factor 
or WARF) of its exchangable classes.




Moody's rating action reflects a base expected loss of 3.5% 
of the current balance compared to 3.6% at last review. 
Moody's base plus realized loss totals 3.5%, 
compared to 3.6% at last review. Moody's provides 
a current list of base expected losses for conduit and fusion CMBS transactions 
on moodys.com at http://www.moodys.com/viewresearchdoc.aspx?docid=PBS_SF215255.




FACTORS THAT WOULD LEAD TO AN UPGRADE OR DOWNGRADE OF THE RATINGS:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range can indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously expected.




Factors that could lead to an upgrade of the ratings include a significant 
amount of loan paydowns or amortization, an increase in the pool's 
share of defeasance or an improvement in pool performance.




Factors that could lead to a downgrade of the ratings include a decline 
in the performance of the pool, loan concentration, an increase 
in realized and expected losses from specially serviced and troubled loans 
or interest shortfalls.




METHODOLOGY UNDERLYING THE RATING ACTION




The principal methodology used in these ratings was "Approach to Rating 
US and Canadian Conduit/Fusion CMBS" published in December 2014. 
Please see the Ratings Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




DESCRIPTION OF MODELS USED




Moody's review used the excel-based CMBS Conduit Model, which 
it uses for both conduit and fusion transactions. Credit enhancement 
levels for conduit loans are driven by property type, Moody's actual 
and stressed DSCR, and Moody's property quality grade (which reflects 
the capitalization rate Moody's uses to estimate Moody's value). 
Moody's fuses the conduit results with the results of its analysis of 
investment grade structured credit assessed loans and any conduit loan 
that represents 10% or greater of the current pool balance.




Moody's uses a variation of Herf to measure the diversity of loan sizes, 
where a higher number represents greater diversity. Loan concentration 
has an important bearing on potential rating volatility, including 
the risk of multiple notch downgrades under adverse circumstances. 
The credit neutral Herf score is 40. The pool has a Herf of 32 
compared to 33 at last review.




DEAL PERFORMANCE




As of the May 17, 2016 distribution date, the transaction's 
aggregate certificate balance has decreased by 1% to $1.252 
billion from $1.265 billion at securitization. The 
certificates are collateralized by 73 mortgage loans ranging in size from 
less than 1% to 8% of the pool, with the top ten loans 
constituting 46% of the pool. The pool contains two loans, 
representing 7.6% of the pool, that have investment 
grade structured credit assessments.




There are four loans, representing 2.3% of the pool, 
on the watchlist. The watchlist includes loans that meet certain 
portfolio review guidelines established as part of the CRE Finance Council 
(CREFC) monthly reporting package. As part of Moody's ongoing monitoring 
of a transaction, the agency reviews the watchlist to assess which 
loans have material issues that could affect performance.




No loans have liquidated from the pool. Two loans, representing 
1.1% of the pool, are in special servicing. 
The largest specially serviced loan is the Lockport Professional Park 
Loan ($6.7 million -- 0.5% of 
the pool), which is secured by an approximately 81,000 square 
foot (SF) office park consisting of 19 single-story buildings located 
in Lockport, New York. The property was 88% leased 
as of June 2015 compared to 93% leased as of June 2014, mostly 
by medical office tenants. The loan transferred to special servicing 
in May 2015 for payment default. Foreclosure was filed October 
2015 and a receiver was appointed. Moody's estimates a minimal 
loss for this and one other specially serviced loan.




Moody's received full and partial year 2015 and partial year 2016 operating 
results for 81% and 27% of the pool, respectively. 
Moody's weighted average conduit LTV is 110% compared to 113% 
at last review. Moody's conduit component excludes loans with structured 
credit assessments, defeased and CTL loans and specially serviced 
and troubled loans. Moody's net cash flow (NCF) reflects a weighted 
average haircut of 13% to the most recently available net operating 
income (NOI). Moody's value reflects a weighted average capitalization 
rate of 9.5%.




Moody's actual and stressed conduit DSCRs are 1.46X and 0.97X, 
respectively compared to 1.47X and 0.94X, respectively, 
at last review and at securitization Moody's actual DSCR is based on Moody's 
net cash flow (NCF) and the loan's actual debt service. Moody's 
stressed DSCR is based on Moody's NCF and a 9.25% stressed 
rate applied to the loan balance.




The largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the Miami International 
Mall Loan ($60 million -- 4.8% of the 
pool), which represents the borrower's pari passu interest in a 
$160 million loan. The loan is secured by a 307,000 
square foot (SF) component of an approximate 1.1 million SF super-regional 
mall located in Miami, Florida. The mall is anchored by Macy's, 
Macy's Mens's and Home, Sears, JC Penney and Kohl's. 
All of the anchor tenants own their own land and improvements, and 
therefore are not part of the collateral. Major collateral tenants 
include H&M, Gap, Old Navy and Forever 21. For 
the trailing twelve month period ending November 2013, comparable 
in-line sales were $687 per square foot. As of September 
2015, the inline mall tenant space was 89% leased versus 
94% leased as of September 2014. Moody's structured credit 
assessment and stressed DSCR are a3 (sca.pd) and 1.26X, 
respectively. 




The second largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the 307 
West 38th Street Loan ($35 million -- 2.8% 
of the pool), which is secured by a 302,000 SF Class B office 
building, including 18,500 SF of grade level retail space, 
in the Times Square South submarket of New York City. The property 
was 94% leased as of December 2015 compared to 97% leased 
as of September 2014. The loan is interest-only throughout 
the loan term. Moody's structured credit assessment and stressed 
DSCR are baa2 (sca.pd) and 1.23X, respectively.




The top three performing conduit loans represent 18% of the pool 
balance. The largest loan is the Showcase Mall Loan ($103.5 
million -- 8.3% of the pool), which 
is secured by a four-story, approximately 182,037 SF 
building as well as an eight-story parking garage, both situated 
along Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada. The property 
is part of a larger three-phase retail development that functions 
as one center. Major tenants at the property include United Artists 
Theater, M&M's World, and Marshalls. The property 
was 92% leased as of December 2015 compared to 93% leased 
as of December 2014. Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR are 114% 
and 0.81X, respectively, compared to 108% and 
0.85X at last review.




The second largest loan is the Residence Inn Silicon Valley I Loan ($64.8 
million -- 5.2% of the pool), which 
is secured by a 231-key extended-stay hotel in Sunnyvale, 
California. The property consists of sixteen, two- 
and three-story guest room buildings that were built in 1983 and 
renovated in 2013. The loan is interest-only for five years. 
Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR are 139% and 0.82X, 
respectively, the same as at last review.




The third largest loan is the Technology Corners Building Six Loan ($60.0 
million -- 4.8% of the pool), which 
is secured by a five-story, 232,000 SF single-tenant 
office building located in Sunnyvale, California, within the 
six-building Technology Corners office campus. The loan 
represents a 50% pari passu interest in a $120 million loan. 
As of December 2014, the property was 100% leased to Google 
Inc. on a ten-year triple net lease through September 2024. 
Technology Corners is situated within the heart of the Silicon Valley 
approximately five miles southeast of Google's global headquarters in 
Mountain View, California. Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR 
are 120% and 0.87X, respectively, compared to 
121% and 0.87X at last review.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and sensitivity 
analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and Sensitivity 
to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




Moody's did not use any stress scenario simulations in its analysis.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation to 
each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their 
credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. 
For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory 
disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and 
in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to 
the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction 
structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive 
rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further 
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the 
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, 
and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, 
the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Gregory Reed
VP - Sr Credit Officer/Manager
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Matthew Halpern
AVP-Analyst/Manager
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21




No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay











































DBRS.com: Issuer: JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21































Advanced Search 













Request DBRS subscription?


JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21
Structured Finance:CMBS
Summary

        Log into DBRS' Interactive iReports Platform for CMBS Reports, Surveillance Updates,
        and Supporting Data ireports.dbrs.com.
    

(no summary available)
If you would like more information about this issuer, please sign in.




Contacts


Peter Wideman
Senior Financial Analyst - North American CMBS


+1 416 597 7466
pwideman@dbrs.com
 
Gwen Roush
Vice President - North American CMBS


+1 312 332 9575
groush@dbrs.com
 
Richard Carlson
Senior Vice President - North American CMBS


+1 312 332 9451
rcarlson@dbrs.com
 
Erin Stafford
Managing Director, Head of North American CMBS - Global Structured Finance


+1 312 332 3291
estafford@dbrs.com
 





































close
Request a DBRS.com Trial Now!
        or Contact Us to get started.

Request DBRS subscription?









JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 -- Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21 - Google Inc. news - NewsLocker





































                        NewsSportRegionMusicPersonProfession














						Do you want to stay up to date of all the news about Google Inc.? Subscribe to the mailing list and get a daily update with the most important news about Google Inc.!					
  Subscribe
The email address seems invalid, please check the address..
No thanks, just show me the news



 Please wait..					



						Registration successful!					










&cross; Close categories  General Motors   Ice Bucket Challenge Animals Apple Apps & Smartphones Artificial Intelligence Arts AT&T Inc. Bank of America Berkshire Hathaway Business Cardinal Health Inc Cars Celebrity Chevron Corporation Child Care Christian News Christian Videos Chrysler Group Citigroup ConocoPhillips Company Conspiracy Channels Conspiracy theories Conspiracy Videos Consumer Cooking & Recipes Costco Wholesale Corporation Craigslist Inc. Cryptocurrency Culture & Media CVS Caremark Corporation Dance music & news Ebola Electronics Entertainment Exploding Kittens Express- Scripts- Holding- Company Exxon Mobil Corporation  Facebook Inc. Fashion Federal National Mortgage Assocation Films/Movies & reviews Finance Flat Earth News Food Ford Motor Company Funny videos Gadgets games General Electric Company  General News Google Inc. Gossip news Gourmet Gulden Health Hewlett-Packard Company Home ID&T International Business Machines Corporation International Crime JPMorgan Chase & Co Kepler-186f planet Leisure time Leisure trends Life & Style Literature Maranon Hammocks Marathon Petroleum Corporation McDonald's McKesson Corporation Medical Microsoft Corporation Movies music News videos Obituaries Olympic Games Organic food Politics Quantum Computing Reddit Royal Dutch Shell Sci-Tech Social media Technology Television The Kroger Company The Walking Dead Top 25 Zoos Top10 twitter accounts Traffic Travel Twitter Inc UFO News and more US Elections  Vacancies Valero Energy Corporation Verizon Communications Inc. Virtual & Augmented Reality Walmart  Weather Web design White House Woman - Best beauty products & news Woman - Feminism & world's most powerful women Woman - Food & recipes Woman - Hair ideas & tips Woman - Interior & assecoires Woman - Latest fashion trends Woman - Make-up ideas & tips Woman - Pregnancy & childbirth Woman - Relationship tips & advice Woman - Skin care tips Woman - Weight loss & healty recipes Women -  Breast cancer Women -  Most luxurious jewelry brands & news Women - Beauty salon & spa Women - Sexy & luxury lingerie World News Youth & Parenting&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Alexandr Dolgopolov American Football Andy Murray Athletics Badmington Baseball Baseball - Arizona Diamondbacks Baseball - Atlanta Braves Baseball - Baltimore Orioles Baseball - Boston Red Sox Baseball - Chicago Cubs Baseball - Chicago White Sox Baseball - Cincinnati Reds Baseball - Cleveland Indians Baseball - Colorado Rockies Baseball - Detroit Tigers Baseball - Houston Astros Baseball - Kansas City Royals Baseball - Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim Baseball - Los Angeles Dodgers Baseball - Miami Marlins Baseball - Milwaukee Brewers Baseball - Minnesota Twins Baseball - New York Mets Baseball - New York Yankees Baseball - Oakland Athletics Baseball - Philadelphia Phillies Baseball - Pittsburgh Pirates Baseball - San Diego Padres Baseball - San Francisco Giants Baseball - Seattle Mariners Baseball - St. Louis Cardinals Baseball - Tampa Bay Rays Baseball - Texas Rangers Baseball - Toronto Blue Jays Baseball - Washington Nationals Basketball Basketball - Atlanta Hawks Basketball - Boston Celtics Basketball - Brooklyn Nets Basketball - Charlotte Hornets Basketball - Chicago Bulls Basketball - Cleveland Cavaliers Basketball - Dallas Mavericks Basketball - Denver Nuggets Basketball - Detroit Pistons Basketball - Golden State Warriors Basketball - Houston Rockets Basketball - Indiana Pacers Basketball - Los Angeles Clippers Basketball - Los Angeles Lakers Basketball - Memphis Grizzlies Basketball - Miami Heat Basketball - Milwaukee Bucks Basketball - Minnesota Timberwolves Basketball - New Orleans Pelicans Basketball - New York Knicks Basketball - Oklahoma City Thunder Basketball - Orlando Magic Basketball - Philadelphia 76ers Basketball - Phoenix Suns Basketball - Portland Trail Blazers Basketball - Sacramento Kings Basketball - San Antonio Spurs Basketball - Toronto Raptors Basketball - Utah Jazz Basketball - Washington Wizards Body building Boxing Cheerleading Cricket Cycling Dancing David Ferrer David Goffin Downhill Skiing Ernests Gulbis Fabio Fognini Feliciano Lopez Figure Skating Football - Arizona Cardinals Football - Atlanta Falcons Football - Baltimore Ravens Football - Buffalo Bills Football - Carolina Panthers Football - Chicago Bears Football - Cincinnati Bengals Football - Cleveland Browns Football - Dallas Cowboys Football - Denver Broncos Football - Detroit Lions Football - Green Bay Packers Football - Houston Texans Football - Indianapolis Colts Football - Jacksonville Jaguars Football - Kansas City Chiefs Football - Miami Dolphins Football - Minnesota Vikings Football - New England Patriots Football - New Orleans Saints Football - New York Giants Football - New York Jets Football - Oakland Raiders Football - Philadelphia Eagles Football - Pittsburgh Steelers Football - San Diego Chargers Football - San Francisco 49ers Football - Seattle Seahawks Football - St. Louis Rams Football - Tampa Bay Buccaneers Football - Tennessee Titans Football - Washington Redskins Formula 1 Formula 1 - Force India Videos Formula 1 - Infiniti Red Bull Racing Videos Formula 1 - Live Stream & News Formula 1 - McLaren Videos Formula 1 - Mercedes AMG Petronas Videos Formula 1 - Sauber F1 Team Videos Formula 1 - Scuderia Ferrari Videos Formula 1 - Scuderia Toro Rosso Videos Formula 1 - Team Lotus Videos Formula 1 - Williams Martini videos Gael Monfils Gilles Simon Golf Grigor Dimitrov Gymnastics Horse Racing Ice Hockey Ice Hockey - Anaheim Ducks Ice Hockey - Arizona Coyotes Ice Hockey - Boston Bruins Ice Hockey - Buffalo Sabres Ice Hockey - Calgary Flames Ice Hockey - Carolina Hurricanes Ice Hockey - Chicago Blackhawks Ice Hockey - Colorado Avalanche Ice Hockey - Columbus Blue Jackets Ice Hockey - Dallas Stars Ice Hockey - Detroit Red Wings Ice Hockey - Edmonton Oilers Ice Hockey - Florida Panthers Ice Hockey - Los Angeles Kings Ice Hockey - Minnesota Wild Ice Hockey - Montreal Canadiens Ice Hockey - Nashville Predators Ice Hockey - New Jersey Devils Ice Hockey - New York Islanders Ice Hockey - New York Rangers Ice Hockey - Ottawa Senators Ice Hockey - Philadelphia Flyers Ice Hockey - Pittsburg Penguins Ice Hockey - San Jose Sharks Ice Hockey - St. Louis Blues Ice Hockey - Tampa Bay Lightning Ice Hockey - Toronto Maple Leafs Ice Hockey - Vancouver Canucks Ice Hockey - Washington Capitals Ice Hockey - Winnipeg Jets Ivo Karlovic Jeremy Chardy Jo-Wilfried Tsonga John Isner Julien Benneteau Kei Nishikori Kevin Anderson Lacrosse Leonardo Mayer Marin Cilic Milos Raonic MMA Nascar NBA twitter top10 NFL Novak Djokovic Pablo Cuevas Philipp Kohlschreiber Rafael Nadal Richard Gasquet Roberto Bautista Agut Roger Federer Skateboarding Skiing Soccer - Atlanta United FC Soccer - Chicago Fire Soccer - Colorado Rapids Soccer - Columbus Crew Soccer - D.C. United Soccer - FC Dallas Soccer - Houston Dynamo Soccer - LA Galaxy Soccer - Los Angeles Football Club Soccer - Major League Soccer - Montreal Impact Soccer - New England Revolution Soccer - New York City FC Soccer - New York Red Bulls Soccer - Orlando City SC Soccer - Philadelphia Union Soccer - Portland Timbers Soccer - Real Salt Lake Soccer - San Jose Earthquakes Soccer - Seattle Sounders FC Soccer - Sporting Kansas City Soccer - Toronto FC Soccer - United States Soccer Federation Soccer - Vancouver Whitecaps FC Stanislas Wawrinka Swimming Tennis Tomas Berdych Tommy Robredo Top 30 tennis players Volleyball World Cup soccer  World Soccer Wrestling&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Akron Alabama Alaska Albuquerque Anaheim Anchorage Arizona Arkansas Arlington Atlanta Aurora Austin Bakersfield Baltimore Baton Rouge Birmingham Boston Buffalo California Chandler Charlotte Chesapeake Chicago Chula Vista Cincinnati Cleveland Colorado Colorado Springs Columbus Connecticut Corpus Christi Dallas Delaware Denver Detroit Durham El Paso Florida Fort Wayne Fort Worth Fremont Fresno Garland Georgia Glendale Greensboro Hawaii Henderson Hialeah Hollywood Honolulu Houston Idaho Illinois Indiana Indianapolis Iowa Jacksonville Jersey City Kansas Kansas City Kentucky Laredo Las Vegas Lexington Lincoln Long Beach Los Angeles Louisiana Louisville Lubbock Madison Maine Maryland Massachusetts Memphis Mesa Miami Michigan Milwaukee Minneapolis Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Modesto Montana Montgomery Nashville Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New Orleans New York Newark Norfolk North Carolina North Dakota NY Bronx NY Brooklyn NY Chinatown NY Manhattan NY Queens NY Staten Island Oakland Ohio Oklahoma Oklahoma City Omaha Oregon Orlando Pennsylvania Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Plano Portland Raleigh Reno Rhode Island Riverside Rochester Sacramento Saint Louis Saint Paul Saint Petersburg San Antonio San Diego San Francisco San Jose Santa Ana Scottsdale Seattle Shreveport South Carolina South Dakota Stockton Tampa Tennessee Texas Toledo Tulsa Tuscon Utah Vermont Virginia Virginia Beach Washington West Virginia Wichita Wisconsin Wyoming&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Alternative rock Blues Classic Rock & Pop Country news Country videos Dance news Dance videos Dubstep news & videos EDM Heavy Metal Hip-Hop news Hip-Hop videos Jazz Latin Minimal Techno New EDM, Trance, Hip hop and R&B Music Pop videos R&B  Hip-Hop news R&B Hip-Hop videos R&B News R&B videos Reggae Retro Trance & Dance Music Rock Soul Soundrange Dub Rebel Spinnin' Records Techno News & mixes Trance Music Trance news Urban & Caribbean&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Aaron Rodgers Adam Sandler Adele Al Pacino Amanda Seyfried Amy Adams Angelina Jolie Ashley Judd Ashton Kutcher Barack Obama Ben Affleck Beyoncé Big Sean Bill Gates Bill Murray Bon Jovi Brad Pitt Bradley Cooper Brendan Jordan Britney Spears Bruce Springsteen Bruce Willis Bruno Mars Bryan Cranston Busta Rhymes Cameron Diaz Catherine Zeta-Jones Channing Tatum Charlie Sheen Chris Hemsworth Christina Aguilera Christoph Waltz Danny Trejo David Beckham David Hasselhoff David Letterman Denzel Washington Derek Jeter DJ 3lau DJ Above & Beyond DJ Afrojack DJ Alesso DJ Aly & Fila DJ Andrew Rayel DJ Angerfist DJ Armin Van Buuren DJ Arty DJ ATB DJ Audien DJ Avicii DJ Axwell DJ Bingo Players DJ Bl3ND DJ Blasterjaxx DJ Borgeous DJ Borgore DJ Boy George DJ Brennan Heart DJ Calvin Harris DJ Carl Cox DJ Carnage DJ Code Black DJ Coone DJ Cosmic Gate DJ Da Tweekaz DJ Dada Life DJ Daft Punk DJ Dannic DJ Dash Berlin DJ David Guetta DJ Deadmau5 DJ Deorro DJ Diego Miranda DJ Dillon Francis DJ Dimitri Vegas & Like Mike DJ Diplo DJ Don Diablo DJ DVBBS DJ Dyro DJ Eric Prydz Dj Fabian (DJ Fabvd M) DJ Fedde Le Grand DJ Felguk DJ Ferry Corsten DJ Firebeatz DJ Frontliner DJ Gabry Ponte DJ Gareth Emery DJ Hardwell DJ Headhunterz DJ Heatbeat DJ Infected Mushroom DJ John O'Callaghan DJ Kaskade DJ Knife Party DJ Krewella DJ Kura DJ Laidback Luke DJ Madeon DJ MAKJ DJ Markus Schulz DJ Martin Garrix DJ Merk & Kremont DJ Mike Candys DJ Nervo DJ Nicky Romero DJ Noisecontrollers DJ Oliver Heldens DJ Orjan Nilsen DJ Paul Van Dyk DJ Porter Robinson DJ Quentin Mosimann DJ Quintino DJ R3hab DJ Radical Redemption DJ Richie Hawtin DJ Sander Van Doorn DJ Sebastian Ingrosso DJ Showtek DJ Skrillex DJ Snake DJ Steve Angello DJ Steve Aoki DJ Tenishia DJ The Chainsmokers DJ Tiddey DJ Tiesto DJ TJR DJ Umek DJ Ummet Ozcan DJ Vicetone DJ VINAI DJ W&W DJ Wildstylez DJ Wolfpack DJ Yves V DJ Zatox DJ Zedd DJ Zomboy DMX Donald Trump Dr. Dre Dr. Phil McGraw Drew Brees Dwayne Johnson Dwyane Wade Eddie Murphy Edward Snowden Ellen DeGeneres Emily Mortimer Eminem Emma Thompson Famke Janssen Farrah Fawcett Floyd Mayweather Floyd Mayweather- Boxing Franco Nero Gabby Douglas Gabriel Macht Garth Brooks Gemma Arterton George Clooney George Pal Gisele Bundchen Glenn Beck Golshifteh Farahani Greg Giraldo Gwyneth Paltrow Howard Stern Hulk Hogan Ice Cube J.J. Abrams Jack Nicholson James Caviezel James Patterson Jane Fonda Jason Aldean Jason Bateman Jason London Jason Schwartzman Jason Statham Jay Leno Jay-Z Jeananne Goossen Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Garner Jennifer Lawrence Jennifer Lopez Jeremy Renner Jerry Seinfeld Jessica Alba Jessica Chastain Jim Carrey Jim Parsons Jimmy Buffett Jimmy Fallon Joel Zimmerman John Green John Malkovich Johnny Depp Jon Hamm Jon Lester Jon Stewart Joss Whedon Jude Law Judy Sheindlin Julia Roberts Justin Bieber Justin Timberlake Kaley Cuoco Kanye West Kate Upton Kathleen Turner Katy Perry Kelly Lynch Kenny Chesney Kerry Washington Kevin Durant Kevin Hart Kevin Spacey Kim Kardashian Kobe Bryant Kristen Stewart Lady Gaga LeBron James Leonardo DiCaprio Lil Wayne Lindsay Lohan Lucas Black Luke Bryan Madonna Mahendra Singh Dhoni Maksim Vitorgan Manny Pacquiao Maria Sharapova Marisa Tomei Mark Harmon Mark Wahlberg Mark Zuckerberg Martin Sheen Mary-Louise Parker Matt Damon Matthew McConaughey Megan Fox Meryl Streep Method Man Michael Bay Michael Jordan Michael Phelps Mickey Rourke Mike Tyson & Boxing Miley Cyrus Morgan Freeman Mos Def Naomi Watts Natalie Portman Natalya Rudakova Neil Patrick Harris Nicolas Cage Nicole Kidman Novak Djokovic One Direction- Band Oprah Winfrey P!nk Paige Simpson Pamela Anderson Patricia Arquette Patrick Wilson Paul Rudd Peter Billingsley Peyton Manning Pharrell Williams Phil Mickelson Philip Seymour Hoffman Rafael Nadal Rihanna Robert De Niro Robert Downey Jr Robert Pattinson Robert Redford Roger Federer Roman Coppola Ron Howard Ron Jeremy Rush Limbaugh Ryan Seacrest Sandra Bullock Sarah Jessica Parker Sarah Shahi Scarlett Johansson Sean "Diddy" Combs Sean Hannity Sean Penn Selena Gomez Serena Williams Seth MacFarlane Seth Rogen Shakira Shia LaBeouf Skylar Astin Snoop Dogg Sofia Vergara Stacey Dash Stephen King Steven Spielberg Sylvester Stallone Taylor Swift The Eagles- Band Tiger Woods Tim Tebow Toby Keith Tom Cruise Tom Hanks Tom Hardy Tommy Lee Jones Tyler Perry Usain Bolt Veronica Roth Vin Diesel Vince Vaughn Vincent D'Onofrio Viola Davis Warren Buffet Wesley Snipes Will Ferrell Will Smith William Shatner Zooey Deschanel&cross; Close categories&cross; Close categories Accountancy Administration Advertising Aerospace Agriculture Analyst Animals  Antique Archaeology architecture Arts Astrology Astronomy  Automotive Aviation Bakery Biotechnology Cabaret  Call center Car News Care Catering Charities  Chemistry Child care Cinema, Theater & TV Cleaning industry Coaching  Construction  Customs Dairy industry Dance & ballet Debt collection agencies Defense Dj Economy Education & Training Entrepreneur Financial Firefighter Fisheries Flowers FMCG Food Fruit & Vegetables Gardener Genealogy General News Government Hair stylist Hotel HR & Recruitment ICT Insurance IT Executive Jobs Justice Lawyer Legal Library Logistics Marketing Meat industry Medical Industry Mining Nurse Online Trends Painter Pharmaceutical Pharmacy Photography Physical therapy Police Political  PR Public relations Production & Industry Project Management Psychology Public Transport Publisher Real estate Rehab Research & Development Restaurant Retail Sales Security SEO Shipping Social work Sustainable Energy Teacher Telecom Tourism Traditional Energy Transport Travel Industry Vacancies  Vegetables Web Design&cross; Close categoriesGoogle Inc. news

 JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 -- Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21

11-05-2017 22:33 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014- C21. Global Credit Research- 11 May 2017. Approximately $1.07 Billion of Structured Securities Affected.
							







Read more

 









 How to Fix India’s Sex-Selection Problem

27-07-2017 13:31 via Alphabet Inc.


								Sperm sorting in favor of girls could help India overcome its serious deficit of women.
							







Read more

  Amazon launches first Prime Now services in Southeast Asia

27-07-2017 08:55 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Amazon has launched its Prime Now services in Singapore, where users can enjoy two-hour delivery on selected products.
							







Read more

  How an online wedding registry in my name appeared out of thin air

27-07-2017 03:47 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								It’s not so much secrecy, but our ability to control how we present ourselves in the world.
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 Facebook shares hit record high as mobile ad sales soar

27-07-2017 03:43 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Shares in Facebook, owner of four of the most popular mobile services in the world, rose more than 4 percent to about $173 in after-hours trading.Facebook, which now has more than 2 billion regular users, has been squeezing more ads into its Facebook News Feed while adding more ads to its photo-sharing app Instagram, which has more than 700 million users.With money cascading from those two services, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said the company was turning attention to monetizing its two mess
							







Read more

  Martin Sorrell: &#39;Investing in media experiments is key&#39;

27-07-2017 03:38 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Investing in new media sites such as 88rising is key to WPP's growth plan, explains CEO Martin Sorrell.
							







Read more

  Facebook Shares Jump as Earnings Ease Investors’ Ad Growth Concerns

27-07-2017 01:57 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Investors had been concerned about a decline in ad revenue growth.
							







Read more

  New Galaxy Note 8 Leaks Reveal Samsung's Surprising Rival

27-07-2017 01:39 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is shaping up to be one of the most powerful smartphones that will be released during 2017. For those who prize power and performance, the Note 8 is where the action is. Or is it? There are indications that Samsung has decided to trump the Note 8.
							







Read more

 
Advertisement





 


 New Galaxy Note 8 Leak Reveals Samsung's Surprising Rival

27-07-2017 01:39 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is going to be one of the most powerful smartphones released during 2017. For those who prize power and performance, the Note 8 is where the action is. Or is it? There are indications that Samsung has decided to trump the Note 8.
							







Read more

  Cramer: Make Lam Research Front and Center for Your Thinking

27-07-2017 01:01 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								If Lam doesn't blow the numbers away and say it is still too hard to meet demand, then I think it can get hit.
							







Read more

  [$$] Trump bars transgender people from military service

26-07-2017 23:40 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Donald Trump has banned transgender individuals from serving in the US military, in a major reversal of a recent Obama administration policy that he announced on Twitter. Mr Trump said transgender people ...
							







Read more

  What Could President Trump Actually Do to Amazon and Jeff Bezos?

26-07-2017 23:30 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Trump's own tweets could actually hurt a government antitrust case against the e-commerce giant.
							







Read more

 
Advertisement









 Google's Pixel 2 could be the next major smartphone to ditch the headphone jack

26-07-2017 23:25 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Google's upcoming Pixel 2 smartphones might not come with a headphone jack if the latest...
							







Read more

  How Alphabet’s Antitrust Fine Affected Its Earnings

26-07-2017 23:20 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Google’s parent company, Alphabet (GOOG)(GOOGL), announced its fiscal 2Q17 results on Monday, July 24. The company posted higher revenue and earnings than expected by Wall Street.
							







Read more

  [$$] Facebook muscles its way to 71% earnings surge

26-07-2017 23:15 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Facebook's sheer size and advertising muscle has helped the social network fend off competition from Snap, sending earnings and revenue soaring, according to its first earnings report since it hit two ...
							







Read more

  Google.org invests $50 million in the 'future of work'

26-07-2017 23:01 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Google.org, the philanthropic arm of the tech giant, launched a $50 million initiative on Wednesdayto prepare everyone for the future of work.The Mountain View-based company said it will distribute the funds in the form of grants to U.S. and European nonprofits over a two-year period.In addition to the funds, the nonprofit grantees can draw on Google staffers’ volunteer time for technical advice.
							







Read more

  Judge in Uber-Waymo suit says Google co-founder Sergey Brin 'better show up'

26-07-2017 22:43 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Judge William Alsup said, "you go back and tell that guy he better show up," after voicing frustration at Alphabet executives claiming they are "too busy."
							







Read more

  Judge in Uber-Waymo suit says Google co-founder Sergey Brin &apos;better show up&apos;

26-07-2017 22:43 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Judge William Alsup said, "you go back and tell that guy he better show up," after voicing frustration at Alphabet executives claiming they are "too busy."
							







Read more

  If you can buy only one stock or ETF, make it this one

26-07-2017 22:43 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								With this investment, you’re tapping into the momentum of the market, says Nigam Arora.
							







Read more

  Can Amazon.com Weather a Market Downturn?

26-07-2017 22:43 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Should investors continue holding Amazon if the eight-year old bull market abruptly ends?
							







Read more

  Facebook Original TV Content Arrives in a Few Weeks

26-07-2017 21:40 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								YouTube better watch out.
							







Read more

  Google Q2 earnings: 3X increase in $500,000+ cloud deals

26-07-2017 21:20 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Google CEO Sundar Pichai noted on a recent call that the firm's cloud division was making serious moves, highlighting the fact that Google's financial future is in the cloud.
							







Read more

  Apple, Google and Facebook CEOs slam Trump’s transgender military ban

26-07-2017 21:18 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Some of the world's largest tech firms are clashing again with the Trump administration. This time it's over a decision to ban transgender people from serving in the U.S. military.
							







Read more

  Howard Marks Sounds the Alarm on Tech, Cryptocurrencies and Private Equity

26-07-2017 21:15 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Billionaire Howard Marks, who’s warned of excessive risk in the markets for the past five years, is now sounding the alarm as hazards from red-hot tech stocks to investor confidence in SoftBank’s $100 ...
							







Read more

  Facebook earnings: After a sudden change, Instagram is in focus

26-07-2017 21:07 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Facebook Inc. is expected to report second-quarter earnings after the market closes Wednesday, with a focus on Instagram and video.
							







Read more

  Microsoft Joins Everyone But Amazon In Cloud Foundation

26-07-2017 20:53 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Amazon is notably absent.
							







Read more

  Google going after Airbnb, TripAdvisor with vacation rental listings

26-07-2017 20:49 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								With Amazon dominating product search, Google is making a play for more travel-related searches, rolling out vacation-rental listings for Europe.
							







Read more

  On topic: Tech news to know now

26-07-2017 20:26 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Here’s what’s on the Wednesday menu. Google fights Canadian Supreme Court’s order for the company to remove search results globally. (Wired) Google is pledging $50 million over the next two
							







Read more

  Social media satisfaction: Google+ most beloved social network, Twitter gets a Trump bump

26-07-2017 20:20 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								The American Customer Satisfaction Index for 2017 sees Google+ on top, and Twitter getting a bump. Also: Google search, Fox News top their categories.
							







Read more

  When Will Google and Microsoft Finally Break Out Cloud Sales, as Amazon Does?

26-07-2017 20:09 via Yahoo! Finance: GOOG News


								Cloud numbers for Microsoft and Google are a little too... cloudy.
							







Read more

29 Jul 201727 Jul 201726 Jul 201725 Jul 201724 Jul 201722 Jul 2017Follow @GoogleUnofficia on Twitter!
















Privacy Policy Advertising













   


 























	Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21












Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21






                    Global Credit Research - 25 Jul 2014
                







Approximately $1.09 billion of Structured Securities Affected


New York, July 25, 2014 -- Moody's Investors Service has assigned definitive ratings to twelve classes 
of CMBS securities, issued by JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities 
Trust, Commercial Mortgage Pass-Through Certificates, 
Series 2014-C21. 




Cl. A-1, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-2, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-3, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-4, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-5, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-SB, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-A*, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-B*, Definitive Rating Assigned Aa3 (sf)


Cl. A-S**, Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa 
(sf)


Cl. B**, Definitive Rating Assigned Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C**, Definitive Rating Assigned A3 (sf)


Cl. EC**, Definitive Rating Assigned A1 (sf)




*Reflects Interest Only Class


** Reflects Exchangeable Certificates




RATINGS RATIONALE




The Certificates are collateralized by 73 fixed rate loans secured by 
84 properties. The ratings are based on the collateral and the 
structure of the transaction. This pool also contains two structured 
credit assessments that comprise approximately 7.5% of the 
pool balance.




Moody's CMBS ratings methodology combines both commercial real estate 
and structured finance analysis. Based on commercial real estate 
analysis, Moody's determines the credit quality of each mortgage 
loan and calculates an expected loss on a loan specific basis. 
Under structured finance, the credit enhancement for each certificate 
typically depends on the expected frequency, severity, and 
timing of future losses. Moody's also considers a range of qualitative 
issues as well as the transaction's structural and legal aspects.




The credit risk of loans is determined primarily by two factors: 
1) Moody's assessment of the probability of default, which is largely 
driven by each loan's DSCR, and 2) Moody's assessment of the severity 
of loss upon a default, which is largely driven by each loan's LTV 
ratio.




The Moody's Actual DSCR of 1.57X (1.47X excluding 
the structured credit assessments) is higher than the 2007 conduit/fusion 
transaction average of 1.31X, but is in-line with 
other 2014 conduit/fusion transactions rated by Moody's during 2014. 
The Moody's Stressed DSCR is .97X (.94X excluding 
the structured credit assessments), which is in-line with 
CMBS 2.0 transactions.




Moody's Trust LTV ratio of 109.6% (112.3% 
excluding the structured credit assessments) is slightly below the 2007 
conduit/fusion transaction average of 110.6%, but 
higher than pools securitized during 2014. There are seven loans 
in the pool with additional/subordinate debt, including six with 
mezzanine debt, and one with a B-Note. Including the 
in-place subordinate debt, Moody's total debt LTV ratio 
rises to 112.3% (115.7% excluding the structured 
credit assessments). 




Moody's also considers both loan level diversity and property level diversity 
when selecting a ratings approach. With respect to loan level diversity, 
the pool's loan level Herfindahl score is 33 (31 excluding the structured 
credit assessments). The transaction loan level diversity profile 
is favorable compared to most conduit and fusion transactions. 
With respect to property level diversity, the pool's property 
level Herfindahl score is similarly positive at 33 (32 excluding the structured 
credit assessments), which is supplemented by ten loans (7.7% 
of the pool balance) that are secured by multiple properties.




Moody's also grades properties on a scale of 1 to 5 (best to worst) and 
considers those grades when assessing the likelihood of debt payment. 
The factors considered include property age, quality of construction, 
location, market, and tenancy. The pool's weighted 
average property quality grade is 2.3 (2.2 excluding the 
structured credit assessments), which is in line with the 2.3 
average quality grade for pools.




This deal has a super-senior Aaa class with 30% credit enhancement. 
Although the additional enhancement offered to the senior most certificate 
holders provides additional protection against pool loss, the super-senior 
structure is credit negative for the certificate that supports the super-senior 
class. If the support certificate were to take a loss, the 
loss would have the potential to be quite large on a percentage basis. 
Thin tranches need more subordination to reduce the probability of default 
in recognition that their loss-given default is higher. 
This adjustment helps keep expected loss in balance and consistent across 
deals. The transaction was structured with additional subordination 
at class A-S to mitigate the potential increased severity to class 
A-S.




In terms of waterfall structure, the transaction contains a group 
of exchangeable certificates. Classes A-S (Aaa (sf)), 
B ( Aa3 (sf)) and C ( A3 (sf)) may be exchanged for Class EC ( A1 (sf)) 
certificates and Class EC may be exchanged for the Classes A-S, 
B and C. The EC certificates will be entitled to receive the sum 
of interest distributable on the Classes A-S, B and C certificates 
that are exchanged for such EC certificates. The initial certificate 
balance of the Class EC certificates is equal to the aggregate of the 
initial certificate balances of the Class A-S, B and C and 
represent the maximum certificate balance of the EC certificates that 
may be issued in an exchange.




The methodologies used in this rating were "Moody's Approach to Rating 
U.S. CMBS Conduit Transactions" published in September 2000, 
and "Moody's Approach to Rating Fusion U.S. CMBS Transactions" 
published in April 2005. Please see the Credit Policy page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of these methodologies.




Moody's analysis employs the excel-based CMBS Conduit Model v2.64 
which derives credit enhancement levels based on an aggregation of adjusted 
loan level proceeds derived from Moody's loan level DSCR and LTV ratios. 
Major adjustments to determining proceeds include loan structure, 
property type, sponsorship and diversity. Moody's analysis 
also uses the CMBS IO calculator version 1.0 which references the 
following inputs to calculate the proposed IO rating based on the published 
methodology: original and current bond ratings and credit estimates; 
original and current bond balances grossed up for losses for all bonds 
the IO(s) reference(s) within the transaction; and IO type corresponding 
to an IO type as defined in the published methodology.




Moody's Parameter Sensitivities: If Moody's value of the collateral 
used in determining the initial rating were decreased by 5%, 
15%, and 23%, the model-indicated rating 
for the currently rated junior Aaa class would be Aa1, Aa2, 
and A1, respectively. Parameter Sensitivities are not intended 
to measure how the rating of the security might migrate over time; 
rather they are designed to provide a quantitative calculation of how 
the initial rating might change if key input parameters used in the initial 
rating process differed. The analysis assumes that the deal has 
not aged. Parameter Sensitivities only reflect the ratings impact 
of each scenario from a quantitative/model-indicated standpoint. 
Qualitative factors are also taken into consideration in the ratings process, 
so the actual ratings that would be assigned in each case could vary from 
the information presented in the Parameter Sensitivity analysis.




These ratings: (a) are based solely on information in the public 
domain and/or information communicated to Moody's by the issuer 
at the date it was prepared and such information has not been independently 
verified by Moody's; (b) must be construed solely as a statement 
of opinion and not a statement of fact or an offer, invitation, 
inducement or recommendation to purchase, sell or hold any securities 
or otherwise act in relation to the issuer or any other entity or in connection 
with any other matter. Moody's does not guarantee or make any representation 
or warranty as to the correctness of any information, rating or 
communication relating to the issuer. Moody's shall not be liable 
in contract, tort, statutory duty or otherwise to the issuer 
or any other third party for any loss, injury or cost caused to 
the issuer or any other third party, in whole or in part, 
including by any negligence (but excluding fraud, dishonesty and/or 
willful misconduct or any other type of liability that by law cannot be 
excluded) on the part of, or any contingency beyond the control 
of Moody's, or any of its employees or agents, including any 
losses arising from or in connection with the procurement, compilation, 
analysis, interpretation, communication, dissemination, 
or delivery of any information or rating relating to the issuer.




Factors that would lead to an upgrade or downgrade of the rating:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range may indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously anticipated. 
Factors that may cause an upgrade of the ratings include significant loan 
paydowns or amortization, an increase in the pool's share of defeasance 
or overall improved pool performance. Factors that may cause a 
downgrade of the ratings include a decline in the overall performance 
of the pool, loan concentration, increased expected losses 
from specially serviced and troubled loans or interest shortfalls.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and 
sensitivity analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and 
Sensitivity to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




Moody's received and took into account one or more third-party 
assessments on the due diligence performed regarding the underlying assets 
or financial instruments in this transaction and the assessments had a 
neutral impact on the credit rating. 




Further information on the representations and warranties and enforcement 
mechanisms available to investors are available on http://www.moodys.com/viewresearchdoc.aspx?docid=PBS_SF374653.




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




As the section on loss and cash flow analysis describes, Moody's 
quantitative analysis entails an evaluation of scenarios that stress factors 
contributing to sensitivity of ratings and take into account the likelihood 
of severe collateral losses or impaired cash flows. Moody's 
weights the impact on the rated instruments based on its assumptions of 
the likelihood of the events in such scenarios occurring.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the rating action on the support provider and in relation to each particular 
rating action for securities that derive their credit ratings from the 
support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive 
rating that may be assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, 
in each case where the transaction structure and terms have not changed 
prior to the assignment of the definitive rating in a manner that would 
have affected the rating. For further information please see the 
ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this rating action, and 
whose ratings may change as a result of this rating action, the 
associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Jaime Gonzalez Jr
Asst Vice President - Analyst
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Robb Paltz
Senior Vice President
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21




No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 























	Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21












Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21






                    Global Credit Research - 05 Jun 2015
                







Approximately $1.09 Billion of Structured Securities Affected


New York, June 05, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service (Moody's) has affirmed the ratings of twelve 
classes in JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 
as follows: 




Cl. A-1, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-2, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-3, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-4, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-5, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-S, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-SB, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jul 25, 
2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C, Affirmed A3 (sf); previously on Jul 25, 
2014 Definitive Rating Assigned A3 (sf)


Cl. EC, Affirmed A1 (sf); previously on Jul 25, 
2014 Definitive Rating Assigned A1 (sf)


Cl. X-A, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on Jul 
25, 2014 Definitive Rating Assigned Aa3 (sf)




RATINGS RATIONALE




The ratings on the nine P&I classes from Class A-1 through 
Class C were affirmed because the transaction's key metrics, 
including Moody's loan-to-value (LTV) ratio, Moody's 
stressed debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) and the transaction's 
Herfindahl Index (Herf), are within acceptable ranges.




The ratings on two IO classes, Class X-A and X-B, 
were affirmed based on the credit performance (or the weighted average 
rating factor or WARF) of the referenced classes.




The rating on one exchangeable class, Class EC, was affirmed 
based on the credit performance (or the weighted average rating factor 
or WARF) of the referenced classes.




Moody's rating action reflects a base expected loss of 3.6% 
of the current balance. Moody's base expected loss plus realized 
losses is now 3.6% of the original pooled balance. 
Moody's provides a current list of base expected losses for conduit 
and fusion CMBS transactions on moodys.com at http://www.moodys.com/viewresearchdoc.aspx?docid=PBS_SF215255. 





FACTORS THAT WOULD LEAD TO AN UPGRADE OR DOWNGRADE OF THE RATING:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range can indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously expected.




Factors that could lead to an upgrade of the ratings include a significant 
amount of loan paydowns or amortization, an increase in the pool's 
share of defeasance or an improvement in pool performance.




Factors that could lead to a downgrade of the ratings include a decline 
in the performance of the pool, loan concentration, an increase 
in realized and expected losses from specially serviced and troubled loans 
or interest shortfalls.




METHODOLOGY UNDERLYING THE RATING ACTION




The principal methodology used in this rating was "Approach to Rating 
US and Canadian Conduit/Fusion CMBS" published in December 2014. 
Please see the Credit Policy page on www.moodys.com for 
a copy of this methodology.




DESCRIPTION OF MODELS USED




Moody's review used the excel-based CMBS Conduit Model, 
which it uses for both conduit and fusion transactions. Credit 
enhancement levels for conduit loans are driven by property type, 
Moody's actual and stressed DSCR, and Moody's property 
quality grade (which reflects the capitalization rate Moody's uses 
to estimate Moody's value). Moody's fuses the conduit 
results with the results of its analysis of investment grade structured 
credit assessed loans and any conduit loan that represents 10% 
or greater of the current pool balance. 




Moody's uses a variation of Herf to measure the diversity of loan 
sizes, where a higher number represents greater diversity. 
Loan concentration has an important bearing on potential rating volatility, 
including the risk of multiple notch downgrades under adverse circumstances. 
The credit neutral Herf score is 40. The pool has a Herf of 33, 
the same as at securitization.




DEAL PERFORMANCE




As of the May 15, 2015 distribution date, the transaction's 
aggregate certificate balance has decreased by 0.4% to $1.260 
billion from $1.264 billion at securitization. The 
Certificates are collateralized by 73 mortgage loans ranging in size from 
less than 1% to 8% of the pool, with the top ten loans 
(excluding defeasance) representing 46% of the pool. The 
pool contains two loans, representing 7.5% of the 
pool, that have investment grade structured credit assessments.




One loan, representing 0.5% of the pool, is 
on the master servicer's watchlist. The watchlist includes loans 
which meet certain portfolio review guidelines established as part of 
the CRE Finance Council (CREFC) monthly reporting package. As part 
of our ongoing monitoring of a transaction, Moody's reviews the 
watchlist to assess which loans have material issues that could impact 
performance.




No loans have liquidated from the pool. One loan, representing 
0.5% of the pool, is in special servicing. 
The specially serviced loan is the Lockport Professional Park Loan ($6.8 
million -- 0.5% of the pool), which is secured 
by an approximately 81,000 square foot (SF) office park consisting 
of 19 single-story buildings located in Lockport, New York. 
The property was 93% leased as of June 2014, mostly by medical 
office tenants. The loan transferred to special servicing in May 
2015 for payment default. Moody's estimates a minimal loss for 
the specially serviced loan.




Moody's received full year 2013 and partial year 2014 operating results 
for 71% of the pool. Moody's weighted average conduit LTV 
is 113%, the same as at securitization. Moody's 
conduit component excludes loans with structured credit assessments, 
defeased and CTL loans and specially serviced and troubled loans. 
Moody's net cash flow (NCF) reflects a weighted average haircut 
of 12% to the most recently available net operating income (NOI). 
Moody's value reflects a weighted average capitalization rate of 
9.6%.




Moody's actual and stressed conduit DSCRs are 1.47X and 0.94X, 
respectively, the same as at securitization Moody's actual DSCR 
is based on Moody's net cash flow (NCF) and the loan's actual debt service. 
Moody's stressed DSCR is based on Moody's NCF and a 9.25% 
stressed rate applied to the loan balance.




The largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the Miami International 
Mall Loan ($60 million -- 4.8% of the pool), 
which represents the borrower's 37.5% pari passu interest 
in a $160 million loan. The loan is secured by a 307,000 
square foot (SF) component of an approximate 1.1 million SF super-regional 
mall located in Miami, Florida. The mall is anchored by Macy's, 
Macy's Mens's and Home, Sears, JC Penney and Kohl's. 
All of the anchor tenants own their own land and improvements, and 
therefore are not part of the collateral. Major collateral tenants 
include H&M, Gap, Old Navy and Forever 21. For 
the trailing twelve month period ending November 2013, comparable 
in-line sales were $687 per square foot. As of September 
2014, the mall in-line space was 94% leased. 
Moody's structured credit assessment and stressed DSCR are baa3 (sca.pd) 
and 1.26X, respectively, the same as at securitization.




The second largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the 307 
West 38th Street Loan ($35 million -- 2.8% of 
the pool), which is secured by a 302,000 SF Class B office 
building, including 18,500 SF of grade level retail space 
in the Times Square South submarket of New York City. The property 
was 97% leased as of September 2014. The loan is interest-only 
throughout the loan term. Moody's structured credit assessment 
and stressed DSCR are baa3 (sca.pd) and 1.27X, respectively, 
the same as at securitization.




The top three performing conduit loans represent 18% of the pool 
balance. The largest loan is the Showcase Mall Loan ($103.5 
million -- 8.2% of the pool), which is secured 
by a four-story, approximately 97,320 SF building as 
well as an eight-story parking garage, both situated along 
Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada. The property is 
part of a larger three-phase retail development that functions 
as one center. Major tenants at the property include United Artists 
Theater, M&M's World, and Marshalls. The 
property was 93% leased as of December 2014. Moody's LTV 
and stressed DSCR are 108% and 0.85X, respectively, 
the same as at securitization.




The second largest loan is the Residence Inn Silicon Valley I Loan ($64.8 
million -- 5.1% of the pool), which is secured 
by a 231-key extended-stay hotel in Sunnyvale, California. 
The property consists of twelve two- and three-story guest 
room buildings that were built in 1983 and renovated in 2013. The 
loan is interest-only for the first two years, followed by 
a 30-year amortization schedule. Moody's LTV and stressed 
DSCR are 139% and 1.23X, respectively, the same 
as at securitization.




The third largest loan is the Technology Corners Building Six Loan ($60.0 
million -- 4.8% of the pool), which is secured 
by a five-story, 232,000 SF single-tenant office 
building located in Sunnyvale, California, within the six-building 
Technology Corners office campus. The loan represents a 50% 
pari passu interest in a $120 million loan. As of December 
2014, the property was 100% leased to Google Inc. 
on a ten-year triple net lease through September 2024. Technology 
Corners is situated within the heart of the Silicon Valley approximately 
five miles southeast of Google's global headquarters in Mountain View, 
California. Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR are 121% and 1.32X, 
respectively, the same as at securitization.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and 
sensitivity analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and 
Sensitivity to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




Moody's did not receive or take into account a third-party 
assessment on the due diligence performed regarding the underlying assets 
or financial instruments related to the monitoring of this transaction 
in the past six months.




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




Moody's did not use any stress scenario simulations in its analysis.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the rating action on the support provider and in relation to each particular 
rating action for securities that derive their credit ratings from the 
support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive 
rating that may be assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, 
in each case where the transaction structure and terms have not changed 
prior to the assignment of the definitive rating in a manner that would 
have affected the rating. For further information please see the 
ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this rating action, and 
whose ratings may change as a result of this rating action, the 
associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Stephanie H Sun
Associate Analyst
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Annelise Osborne
VP - Sr Credit Officer/Manager
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376
SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653


Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21




No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay

































 























	Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page






















Email Research
Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed.







 

Recipient'sEmail



Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses.




Enter thecharacters you see




Can't read?  Try a new set








Send


Cancel






















Email Research
Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of  Research email sharings.


OK










Thank you!
You have successfully sent the research.
				Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access.


OK


























                                    Export PDF
                                







                                    Export CSV
                                







                                    Email
                                





                                    Print
                                






























Related Issuers













JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21











        Related Research
    






Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws: JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





Rating Action: Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21












Rating Action: Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21






                    Global Credit Research - 11 May 2017
                







Approximately $1.07 Billion of Structured Securities Affected


New York, May 11, 2017 -- Moody's Investors Service has affirmed the ratings on twelve classes in 
JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 as follows:




Cl. A-1, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-2, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-3, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-4, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-SB, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-5, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. A-S, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on May 26, 
2016 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)


Cl. C, Affirmed A3 (sf); previously on May 26, 
2016 Affirmed A3 (sf)


Cl. EC, Affirmed A1 (sf); previously on May 26, 
2016 Affirmed A1 (sf)


Cl. X-A, Affirmed Aaa (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aaa (sf)


Cl. X-B, Affirmed Aa3 (sf); previously on May 
26, 2016 Affirmed Aa3 (sf)




RATINGS RATIONALE




The ratings on nine P&I classes were affirmed because the transaction's 
key metrics, including Moody's loan-to-value (LTV) 
ratio, Moody's stressed debt service coverage ratio (DSCR) and the 
transaction's Herfindahl Index (Herf), are within acceptable ranges.




The ratings on two IO classes, Classes X-A and X-B, 
were affirmed based on the credit performance (or the weighted average 
rating factor or WARF) of their referenced classes.




The rating on the exchangeable class, Class EC, was affirmed 
based on the credit performance (or the weighted average rating factor 
or WARF) of its exchangeable classes.




Moody's rating action reflects a base expected loss of 4.2% 
of the current balance, compared to 3.5% at Moody's 
last review. Moody's base expected loss plus realized losses is 
now 4.2% of the original pooled balance, compared 
to 3.5% at the last review. Moody's provides 
a current list of base expected losses for conduit and fusion CMBS transactions 
on moodys.com at http://www.moodys.com/viewresearchdoc.aspx?docid=PBS_SF215255.




FACTORS THAT WOULD LEAD TO AN UPGRADE OR DOWNGRADE OF THE RATINGS:




The performance expectations for a given variable indicate Moody's forward-looking 
view of the likely range of performance over the medium term. Performance 
that falls outside the given range can indicate that the collateral's 
credit quality is stronger or weaker than Moody's had previously expected.




Factors that could lead to an upgrade of the ratings include a significant 
amount of loan paydowns or amortization, an increase in the pool's 
share of defeasance or an improvement in pool performance.




Factors that could lead to a downgrade of the ratings include a decline 
in the performance of the pool, loan concentration, an increase 
in realized and expected losses from specially serviced and troubled loans 
or interest shortfalls.




METHODOLOGY UNDERLYING THE RATING ACTION




The principal methodology used in these ratings was "Approach to Rating 
US and Canadian Conduit/Fusion CMBS" published in December 2014. 
Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




The methodology used in rating the exchangeable Cl. EC was "Moody's 
Approach to Rating Repackaged Securities" methodology published 
in June 2015. Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




Additionally, the methodology used in rating Cl. X-A 
and Cl. X-B was "Moody's Approach to Rating Structured 
Finance Interest-Only Securities" published in October 2015. 
Please see the Rating Methodologies page on www.moodys.com 
for a copy of this methodology.




Please note that on February 27, 2017, Moody's released a 
"Request for Comment" in which it has requested market feedback on proposed 
changes to its methodology for rating structured finance interest-only 
(IO) securities called "Moody's Approach to Rating Structured Finance 
Interest-Only Securities," dated October 20, 2015. 
If Moody's adopts the new methodology as proposed, the changes could 
affect the ratings of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21. 
Please see "Moody's Proposes Revised Approach to Rating Structured 
Finance Interest-Only (IO) Securities", which is available 
at www.moodys.com, for more information about the 
implications of the proposed changes to the methodology on Moody's ratings.




DESCRIPTION OF MODELS USED




Moody's review used the excel-based CMBS Conduit Model, 
which it uses for both conduit and fusion transactions. Credit 
enhancement levels for conduit loans are driven by property type, 
Moody's actual and stressed DSCR, and Moody's property 
quality grade (which reflects the capitalization rate Moody's uses 
to estimate Moody's value). Moody's fuses the conduit 
results with the results of its analysis of investment grade structured 
credit assessed loans and any conduit loan that represents 10% 
or greater of the current pool balance. 




Moody's uses a variation of Herf to measure the diversity of loan 
sizes, where a higher number represents greater diversity. 
Loan concentration has an important bearing on potential rating volatility, 
including the risk of multiple notch downgrades under adverse circumstances. 
The credit neutral Herf score is 40. The pool has a Herf of 32, 
the same as at Moody's last review.




DEAL PERFORMANCE




As of the April 17, 2017 distribution date, the transaction's 
aggregate certificate balance has decreased by 1.6% to $1.245 
billion from $1.265 billion at securitization. The 
certificates are collateralized by 73 mortgage loans ranging in size from 
less than 1% to 8.3% of the pool, with the 
top ten loans (excluding defeasance) constituting 46% of the pool. 
Two loans, constituting 7.6% of the pool, have 
investment-grade structured credit assessments.




Eight loans, constituting 6.4% of the pool, 
are on the master servicer's watchlist. The watchlist includes 
loans that meet certain portfolio review guidelines established as part 
of the CRE Finance Council (CREFC) monthly reporting package. As 
part of Moody's ongoing monitoring of a transaction, the agency 
reviews the watchlist to assess which loans have material issues that 
could affect performance.




No loans have liquidated from the pool and two loans, representing 
1.1% of the pool, are in special servicing. 
The largest specially serviced loan is the Lockport Professional Park 
Loan ($6.6 million -- 0.5% of 
the pool), which is secured by an approximately 81,000 square 
foot (SF) office park consisting of 19 single-story buildings located 
in Lockport, New York. The tenant composition consists of 
mostly medical tenants and the property was 81% leased as of December 
2016, compared to 85% leased as of December 2015. 
The loan transferred to special servicing in May 2015 for payment default. 





The other specially serviced loan is secured by a suburban office building 
in Naperville, Illinois. Moody's has also assumed a 
high default probability for three poorly performing loans, constituting 
1.3% of the pool, and has estimated an aggregate loss 
of $11.2 million (a 38% expected loss on average) 
from these specially serviced and troubled loans.




Moody's received full year 2015 operating results for 99% of the 
pool, and full or partial year 2016 operating results for 98% 
of the pool (excluding specially serviced and defeased loans). 
Moody's weighted average conduit LTV is 109%, compared 
to 110% at Moody's last review. Moody's conduit 
component excludes loans with structured credit assessments, defeased 
and CTL loans, and specially serviced and troubled loans. 
Moody's net cash flow (NCF) reflects a weighted average haircut 
of 13% to the most recently available net operating income (NOI). 
Moody's value reflects a weighted average capitalization rate of 
9.6%.




Moody's actual and stressed conduit DSCRs are 1.52X and 0.98X, 
respectively, compared to 1.46X and 0.97X at the last 
review. Moody's actual DSCR is based on Moody's NCF 
and the loan's actual debt service. Moody's stressed 
DSCR is based on Moody's NCF and a 9.25% stress rate 
the agency applied to the loan balance.




The largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the Miami International 
Mall Loan ($60 million -- 4.8% of the 
pool), which represents a pari passu component of a $160 
million mortgage loan. The loan is secured by a 307,000 square 
foot (SF) portion of an approximate 1.1 million SF super-regional 
mall located in Miami, Florida. The mall is anchored by Macy's, 
Macy's Men's and Home, Sears, JC Penney and Kohl's. 
All of the anchor tenants own their own land and improvements, and 
therefore are not part of the collateral. Major collateral tenants 
include H&M, Gap, Old Navy and Forever 21. For 
the trailing twelve month period ending October 2016, comparable 
in-line sales for tenants less than 10,000 SF were $705 
per square foot. As of October 2016, the inline mall tenant 
space was 88% leased versus 89% leased as of September 2015. 
Moody's structured credit assessment and stressed DSCR are a3 (sca.pd) 
and 1.26X, respectively, the same as at last review.




The second largest loan with a structured credit assessment is the 307 
West 38th Street Loan ($35 million -- 2.8% 
of the pool), which is secured by a 302,000 SF Class B office 
building, including 18,500 SF of grade level retail space, 
in the Times Square South submarket of New York City. The property 
was 91% leased as of December 2016 compared to 94% leased 
as of December 2015. The loan is interest-only throughout 
the loan term. Moody's structured credit assessment and stressed 
DSCR are baa2 (sca.pd) and 1.27X, respectively, 
compared to baa2 (sca.pd) and 1.23X at last review.




The top three performing conduit loans represent 18% of the pool 
balance. The largest loan is the Showcase Mall Loan ($103.5 
million -- 8.3% of the pool), which 
is secured by a four-story, approximately 182,037 SF 
building as well as an eight-story parking garage, both situated 
along Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada. The property 
is part of a larger three-phase retail development that functions 
as one center. Major tenants at the property include United Artists 
Theater, M&M's World, Marshalls, and Coca Cola. 
The property was 89% leased as of March 2017, compared to 
92% leased as of December 2015. Moody's LTV and stressed 
DSCR are 115% and 0.80X, respectively, compared 
to 114% and 0.81X at last review.




The second largest loan is the Residence Inn Silicon Valley I Loan ($64.8 
million -- 5.2% of the pool), which 
is secured by a 231-key extended-stay hotel in Sunnyvale, 
California. The property consists of sixteen, two- 
and three-story guest room buildings that were built in 1983 and 
renovated in 2013. The loan is interest-only for five years. 
Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR are 139% and 0.82X, 
respectively, the same as at last review.




The third largest loan is the Technology Corners Building Six Loan ($60.0 
million -- 4.8% of the pool), which 
represents a pari-passu component of a $120 million mortgage 
loan. The loan is secured by a five-story, 232,000 
SF single-tenant office building located in Sunnyvale, California, 
within the six-building Technology Corners office campus. 
As of December 2016, the property was 100% leased to Google 
Inc. on a ten-year triple net lease through September 2024. 
Technology Corners is situated within the heart of the Silicon Valley 
approximately five miles southeast of Google's global headquarters in 
Mountain View, California. Moody's LTV and stressed DSCR 
are 120% and 0.87X, respectively, the same as 
at last review.




REGULATORY DISCLOSURES




For further specification of Moody's key rating assumptions and sensitivity 
analysis, see the sections Methodology Assumptions and Sensitivity 
to Assumptions of the disclosure form.




The analysis includes an assessment of collateral characteristics and 
performance to determine the expected collateral loss or a range of expected 
collateral losses or cash flows to the rated instruments. As a 
second step, Moody's estimates expected collateral losses or cash 
flows using a quantitative tool that takes into account credit enhancement, 
loss allocation and other structural features, to derive the expected 
loss for each rated instrument.




Moody's did not use any stress scenario simulations in its analysis.




For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series 
or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings 
are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's 
rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, 
this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation 
to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation to 
each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their 
credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. 
For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory 
disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and 
in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to 
the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction 
structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive 
rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further 
information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the 
respective issuer on www.moodys.com.




For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit 
support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, 
and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, 
the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. 
Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, 
if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure 
to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.




Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit 
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating 
review.


Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to 
the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued 
the rating.


Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com 
for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating.


Rhett Terrell
Associate Analyst
Structured Finance Group
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653


Matthew Halpern
Vice President - Senior Analyst
Structured Finance Group
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653


Releasing Office:
Moody's Investors Service, Inc.
250 Greenwich Street
New York, NY 10007
U.S.A.
JOURNALISTS: 1 212 553 0376
Client Service: 1 212 553 1653





No Related Data.











                    © 2017 Moody’s Corporation, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively, “MOODY’S”). All rights reserved. CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES (“MIS”) ARE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY’S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY’S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY’S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY’S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE. MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY’S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY’S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER. ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY’S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT. All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY’S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY’S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody’s publications. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY’S. To the extent permitted by law, MOODY’S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY’S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information. NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY’S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER. Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody’s Corporation (“MCO”), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS’s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading “Investor Relations — Corporate Governance — Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy.” Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY’S affiliate, Moody’s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody’s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to “wholesale clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY’S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a “wholesale client” and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to “retail clients” within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY’S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY’S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser. Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. (“MJKK”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody’s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody’s SF Japan K.K. (“MSFJ”) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization (“NRSRO”). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively. MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000. MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.


















Back to Previous Page



















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay


































 















JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21

Moody's Org ID:723925527







Moody's Org ID:723925527

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    11 May 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 May 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Jun 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jul 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jul 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Jul 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jun 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    JPMBB 2014-C21 v1.0 Compared To CMBS Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jun 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay



























































































 















JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 Credit Rating - Moody's






















































Yes
No





























About Moody'sCareersRegulatory AffairsTerms of UseContact UsAbout Moody'sCompany OverviewInvestor RelationsMedia RelationsCorporate Social ResponsibilityAlumni













GO






































There are too many sessions currently in use on this account















Log In




Cancel


































Research & Ratings

OverviewRatings NewsRating MethodologiesRatings DisclosuresRatings PerformanceRegulatory AffairsCode of Professional ConductSector in DepthLook Up a RatingFind an AnalystInteractive ChartsMarket SegmentCorporatesFinancial InstitutionsStructured FinanceManaged InvestmentsInfrastructure & Project FinanceSovereign & SupranationalSub-SovereignU.S. Public FinanceRegionNorth AmericaLatin America & CaribbeanEurope, Middle East & AfricaAsia PacificResearch TypeIssuer ResearchIndustry / Sector ResearchMethodologyCapital Markets ResearchDefault & Ratings AnalyticsEconomic ResearchData ReportsPolitical / Economic GroupEmerging MarketsEuropean UnionAsia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC)Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)EurozoneGulf Cooperation CouncilMercosurOrganisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  (OECD)Credit PolicyRating MethodologiesRequests for CommentThe Commercial GroupHow to Get RatedRatings DefinitionsRatings Policy & Approach



Products & Solutions

OverviewProducts Listing by A - ZMoody's AnalyticsMoody's Pricing & Valuations ToolsMoody's Advisory ServicesMoody's Economy.comMoody’s Training & CertificationSolutionsAsset and Liability Management SolutionsCredit Origination SolutionsCredit Risk SolutionsData SolutionsEconomic SolutionsInsurance SolutionsInvestment & Pensions SolutionsLearning Solutions and CertificationsPortfolio Management SolutionsRegulatory and Accounting SolutionsStructured Finance SolutionsAccess ProductsCredit Risk CalculatorCredit Transition ModelCredit TrendsCreditEdge®Default Recovery Database (DRD)Default Risk Service - StructuredFund MonitoringLossCalc™Market Implied Ratings (MIR®)Moody's Financial Metrics™Moody's Project Finance ScorecardMoody's Quantitative Ratings Estimator (QRATE)Municipal Financial Ratio AnalysisRatings InteractiveRiskCalc™



News & Events

OverviewRatings NewsEventsTraining EventsTopics





Log In
Register







            Log In 

            Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.











                    User Name:





                    Password:









                Automatically log me in when I return





                Log In





                Forgot your Username or Password?




        Or Log In using:

























Please Note


We brought you to this page based on your search query. If this isn't what you are looking for, you can continue to Search Results for ""
















The maximum number of items you can export is 3,000.
  Please reduce your list by using the filtering tool to the left.









Close








































































Back to Previous Page



















Please Log In to access this content






Registered User


        Please log in for full access to your permissions. Password is case sensitive.








            User Name:





            Password:








            Automatically log me in when I return



            Log In





            Forgot your Username or Password?



        Or Log In using:
    







Not Registered Yet?

Register now to get FREE access to:
Issuer Ratings.
Ratings on over 170,000 corporate, government and structured finance securities.
Events Calendar.
Information about training seminars, briefings, and teleconferences.
Watchlists.
Listings of issuers under review for rating changes.
Rating Methodologies.
Descriptive frameworks underlying Moody's ratings.

 

Register Now

















JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21

Moody's Org ID:723925527







Moody's Org ID:723925527

Market Segment:Structured Finance > Commercial MBS > Conduit / Fusion







Please Log In to view this content.



















                                    Research



                                    Ratings



                                    Related Parties







                            Go to CMBS Industry Page
                        









    Deal Research


    Industry Research


    Performance


    Related Parties Research


    Methodology






Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        






                Filter By:
            


Document Type - All
Pre-Sale Report
Rating Action
SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws


Source - All
Moody's Investors Service







Date
    
    



Document Type
    



                        Title
                    

                        Source
                    




                    11 May 2017
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    26 May 2016
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    05 Jun 2015
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Affirms Twelve Classes of JPMBB 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jul 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Definitive Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    25 Jul 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    JPMBB 2014-C21 Deal v1.1 Compared To CMBS v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    01 Jul 2014
                

                    Rating Action
                













                                    Moody's Assigns Provisional Ratings to 12 CMBS Classes of JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jun 2014
                

                    SEC Rule 17g-7 Report of R&Ws
                













                                    JPMBB 2014-C21 v1.0 Compared To CMBS Benchmark v1.0





                    Moody's Investors Service
                



                    24 Jun 2014
                

                    Pre-Sale Report
                













                                    JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2014-C21 Commercial Mortgage Pass Through Certificates, Series 2014-C21





                    Moody's Investors Service
                





Results 
        1 - 8
Of 
        8


 
        Page 
        
        1
Of 
        1 
        
















                6The rating history for this credit rating accurately reflects the current status of the (sf) indicator but, due to technical limitations, does not accurately reflect the (sf) indicator history. Please visit the Research tab to view the press release(s) announcing when the (sf) indicator was added or removed.


For credit ratings that are derived exclusively from an existing credit rating of a program, series, category/class of debt, support provider or primary rated entity, or that replace a previously assigned provisional rating at the same rating level, Moody’s publishes a rating announcement on that series, category/class of debt or program as a whole, on the support provider or primary rated entity, or on the provisional rating, but often does not publish a specific rating announcement on each subsequent bond or note for which the credit rating is derived from the existing credit rating. Rating announcements are usually press releases classified as Rating Actions on www.moodys.com. Please refer to the Research tab on the issuer/entity page for the rating announcement.
















Moody's Integrity Hotline
EU

001-800-506-1440
Japan

KDDI: 00-539-111 then 888-320-1668
NTT: 0034-811-001 then 888-320-1668
Outside of the EU and Japan

1-866-330-MDYS (6397)



Browse By
HomeResearch & RatingsProducts & SolutionsNews & EventsCareers


Contact Us
Help & SupportContact UsSubmit a Complaint


Terms & Conditions
Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyProprietary Rights





            © 2017 Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Moody’s Analytics, Inc. and/or their affiliates and licensors. All rights reserved.
        

           Regional Sites:
            
GlobalArgentinaAsiaAustraliaBoliviaBrazilCanadaCEEChinaCzech RepublicCISEMEAFranceGermanyIndonesiaIndiaItalyJapanKoreaMexicoMiddle EastPolandSouth AfricaSpainTurkeyTaiwanUruguay


































































































INITIAL PRICING: JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-C21


















Print this page









			Wednesday, 02 July 2014		


						
	  	INITIAL PRICING: JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-C21
	  


			Written by 
						Orest Mandzy








font size

decrease font size



increase font size










Rate this item



1
2
3
4
5

(0 votes)













Class
Amt $mln
Sub Level%
Avg Life (yrs)
Rating Moody's
Rating Fitch
Rating DBRS
Pricing %
Final Pricing (bp)
Bnch mark


A-1
35.72
30.00
2.67
Aaa
AAA
AAA
100.00
+43
swaps


A-2
25.52
30.00
4.85
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.00
+54
swaps


A-3
59.36
30.00
6.81
Aaa
AAA
AAA
 
 
swaps


A-4
325.00
30.00
9.70
Aaa
AAA
AAA
 
 
swaps


A-5
357.19
30.00
9.90
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.00
+77
swaps


A-SB
82.53
30.00
7.28
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.00
+70
swaps


A-S
69.56
24.50
9.90
Aaa
AAA
AAA
103.00
+99
swaps


B
90.11
17.375
9.92
Aa3
AA-
AAlow
103.00
+133
swaps


C
45.85
13.75
9.98
A3
A-
Alow
103.444
+165
swaps


D
74.30
7.875
9.98
NR
BBB-
BBBlow
92.779
+305
swaps


E
25.30
5.875
9.98
NR
BB
BB
 
 
Treas


F
17.39
4.50
9.98
NR
B
Bhigh
 
 
Treas


NR
56.91
0.00
9.98
NR
NR
NR
 
 
Treas


X-A
954.87*
NA
NA
AAA
AAA
AAA
8.228
+120 
Treas


X-B
90.11*
NA
NA
Aa3
AA-
AAA
3.103
+125 
Treas


X-C
25.30*
NA
NA
NR
BB
AAA
 
 
Treas


X-D
74.30*
NA
NA
NR
NR
AAA
 
 
Treas



*Notional amount, interest only
Collateral balance: $1,264.73 million
Bookrunner(s): JPMorgan Securities (62.2 percent of deal balance), Barclays Capital (37.8 percent)
Lead Managers: JPMorgan Securities, Barclays Capital
B-piece Buyer: BlackRock Realty Advisors Inc.
Master Servicer: Wells Fargo Bank
Special Servicer: Midland Loan Services
Operating Adviser: Pentalpha Surveillance
Certificate Administrator: Wells Fargo Bank
Trustee: Wilmington Trust
Originators: JPMorgan Chase Bank (49.6 percent), Barclays Bank (29.4 percent), MC-Five Mile Commercial Mortgage Finance (8.9 percent), Starwood Mortgage Funding (7.4 percent), RAIT Funding (4.7 percent)
Number of Loans/Properties: 73/84
Top-10 Concentration: 45.6 percent
Property Types: Retail (30.8 percent of pool balance), office (27.6 percent), multifamily (16.2 percent), hotel (14.1 percent), mixed use (7.3 percent), manufactured housing (3.2 percent), self storage (0.8 percent)
Underwritten DSCR: 1.65x
Underwritten LTV: 64.7 percent
Underwritten Debt Yield:
Weighted Average Mortgage Rate: 4.679 percent
Full-term IO Loans: 8 loans (24.3 percent of pool balance)
Partial-term IO Loans: 33 loans (48.1 percent of pool balance)
Largest Loans:

$103.5 million mortgage, written by...


Log In or 
				Subscribe to read more...





“The Weekly”
“The Weekly” is Commercial Real Estate Direct’s PDF newsletter, sent to subscribers every Friday morning. With over 100 news stories published on Commercial Real Estate Direct each week, “The Weekly” features the top stories in commercial real estate that industry participants need to know first. “The Weekly” also contains:

Breaking mortgage, CMBS, and REIT news

Quarterly league tables with rankings of B-piece buyers, book runners, and lenders

Industry moves and changes in “The Insider“

Sign Up for a Trial
 



Additional Info


Subject:
CMBS Pricing (PRICE)


Deal Name:
JPMBB Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust, 2014-C21


Private:
Yes







				Read 705 times			


				Last modified on Monday, 07 July 2014			










Tweet

















Published in
General








Orest Mandzy








Latest from Orest Mandzy


INITIAL PRICING: CGMS Commercial Mortgage Trust, 2017-MDDR


Highland Capital Enters Alternative-Lending Biz


INITIAL PRICING: CD, 2017-CD5


NCREIF Total Return Index Changes Direction and Increases Slightly in 2Q


Historic St. Louis Hotel Sold; $104Mln Mixed-Use Development Slated















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































