











Home - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar















Introducing "Let’s Talk: The Changing Face of Advice"
                         

The face of advice is changing. Watch as Dr. David Kelly and two influential advisors, Ric Edelman and Lori Van Dusen, discuss with Barron's Sterling Shea, how to address the needs of today – while also building a solid foundation for the client of the future.

 


Watch Now




Quick Links
                         



Shareholder Account Services  
Prices and Performance  
Guide to the Markets  
Favorites & Collections  









	Know which fund you are looking for?


		 

MUTUAL FUNDS  |  EXCHANGE TRADED FUNDS  |   4&5 STAR FUNDS



	J.P. Morgan investment products are managed to be style-pure to fulfill specific roles in your clients' asset allocation strategies.
VIEW OUR FEATURED FUNDS



	FEATURED PRODUCT
JPMorgan Global Allocation Fund


	With access to the entirety of J.P. Morgan’s global investment platform, the Global Allocation Fund searches worldwide to maximize total return, while also managing risk.
Learn More





BUILDING STRONGER PORTFOLIOS TO SOLVE CLIENT NEEDS


		At J.P. Morgan Asset Management, collaborating with our clients in an effort to build stronger portfolios drives everything we do. The depth and breadth of our investment capabilities cover all asset classes, enabling asset allocation decisions to meet specific investment objectives and solve real client needs.

        
                    Get started with our first principle for successful long-term investing >  






LATEST INSIGHTS

Weekly Market Recap
                         

                            A weekly one-page snapshot of market performance and the latest market headlines.
                            

Learn more  




Guide to the Markets
                         

                            Clear, compelling charts that illustrate market and economic trends and statistics.


Learn more  




Portfolio Insights 
                         


	Timely commentary, strategic perspectives and in-depth analysis from our investment teams to help guide your portfolio decisions.


Learn more  





PRODUCT SPOTLIGHT 

Exchange Traded Funds
                         

                            By combining the unique features of the ETF structure with our insights, resources and active management capabilities, J.P. Morgan brings a truly differentiated experience to investors.



Learn more  




SmartRetirement® Funds
                         

                            By focusing on retirement outcomes, our SmartRetirement® Target Date strategies help participants attain the income-replacement levels they need to enjoy the retirement lifestyles they had envisioned.



Learn more  










You are currently on the Financial Advisor site

Select your role to be directed to a different site experience.
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS   INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS   LIQUIDITY INVESTORS 

















Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			


 

Liquidity Investment Solutions
                         

                            We offer Luxembourg domiciled money market funds denominated in USD, GBP, EUR, SGD and AUD, which are suitable for a wide range of non-U.S. based investors, along with short-term fixed income funds and separately managed accounts. 
                            

Explore Our Funds


View Daily & Weekly Liquid Assets Report  
View Daily Market-Based NAV Report  
View Historical Daily and Weekly Liquid Assets and Market-Based NAVs  


 






Our Funds

Liquidity Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more. 
                            

View our Liquidity Funds  




Fixed Income Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more.
                            

View our Fixed Income Funds  




 

 J.P. Morgan Managed Reserves Strategy 
Our Managed Reserves strategy provides a compelling cash management strategy for liquidity investors with longer investment horizons who are looking for additional returns above AAA-rated liquidity funds while carefully managing risk.Learn More  


Separately Managed Accounts
For clients who require a customized portfolio, our separately managed accounts allow clients to define their own parameters for security, returns and liquidity based upon their risk tolerance and cash flow needs.Learn More  




Product Spotlight





Our Fund Range | J.P. Morgan Asset Management




















 About Us  / Contact Us  / Site Map  / Home  



















Our Fund Range




Fund Managers




Our Distributors















Recognised Scheme Daily Prices




Restricted Foreign Scheme Daily Prices




Recognised Scheme Performance




Historical Prices




Fund Awards




Fund Ratings















Weekly Market Commentary




News & Views




JPM Investor Confidence Index




J.P. Morgan Fund-cast















Highlight




Guide to the Markets




Timely Research




Quarterly Investment Review















About Mutual Funds




Investment Glossary















Forms & Literature




About Us




Contact Us




Subscribe eNews




Corporate Governance












29 Jul 2017




















    For more than 200 years J.P. Morgan Asset Management has been dedicated to serving the financial needs of its clients.  This has helped us to pioneer mutual fund investing in Asia.
  

We commenced our presence in Asia in 1970 as one of the region’s first international financial services groups, offering Asian clients an opportunity to invest in overseas markets through pooled products.  
  

    With a reputation for investment excellence and product innovation, we now offer our clients a broad range of mutual funds covering all major asset classes, sectors and styles - from equities, fixed income, and liquidity to alternative investments such as hedge funds.  Our teams of portfolio managers, client advisors and service professionals work together to deliver integrated and personalised investment solutions to our clients.  
  

Our business continues to be built on the trust of our clients.  We are committed to understanding their needs, offering informed advice and providing strong, long-term investment performance and world-class client solutions.    






Fund
Managers





sgec/en/L01_Our Funds/L01P10_JFJPM Funds_DFT
L01P10_JFJPM Funds_DFT




Fund Choice




Asia-Pacific Regional


JPMorgan Funds - ASEAN Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Greater China Fund




JPMorgan Funds - Asia Pacific Equity Fund





Asia-Pacific Single Country


JPMorgan Funds - China Fund
JPMorgan Funds - China Bond Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Indonesia Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Korea Equity Fund




JPMorgan Funds - China A-Share Opportunities Fund
JPMorgan Funds - India Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Japan Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Singapore Fund





Asset Allocation


JPMorgan Funds - Asia Pacific Income Fund
JPMorgan Investment Funds – Global Macro Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Total Emerging Markets Income Fund




JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global Income Fund
JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global Macro Opportunities Fund





Global Equity


JPMorgan Funds - Europe Dynamic Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Global Dynamic Fund
JPMorgan Funds – Global Unconstrained Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - US Value Fund




JPMorgan Funds – Europe Small Cap Fund
JPMorgan Funds – Global Research Enhanced Index Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - US Small Cap Growth Fund






Sector Funds


JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global Financials Fund




JPMorgan Funds - Global Natural Resources Fund





Emerging Markets


JPMorgan Funds - Africa Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Europe Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Markets Dividend Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Latin America Equity Fund




JPMorgan Funds - Brazil Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Europe, Middle East and Africa Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Markets Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Middle East Equity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Russia Fund





Fixed Income


JPMorgan Funds – Asian Total Return Bond Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Global Corporate Bond Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Income Fund
JPMorgan Funds - US Aggregate Bond Fund
JPMorgan Funds - US Short Duration Bond Fund




JPMorgan Funds - Emerging Markets Debt Fund
JPMorgan Funds - Global Bond Opportunities Fund
JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global High Yield Bond Fund
JPMorgan Investment Funds - Income Opportunity Fund
JPMorgan Funds - US High Yield Plus Bond Fund
JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global Convertibles Fund (USD)








sgec/en/L0X_Remark/CNT_Remark_L01P10
L01P10_JF/JPM Funds_Remark


sgec/en/L0X_Disclaimer/CNT_Disclaimer_L01P10
L01P10_JF/JPM Funds_Disclaimer






 The information contained in this website does not constitute an offer to buy or sell any fund or security. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance and investors may not get back the full or any of the amount invested. Investments in emerging markets, smaller companies and derivative instruments may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Investors should read carefully the relevant offering documents, including the risk factors set out therein, and the product highlights sheets (where applicable) for details before making any investment decisions. Issued by JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited. 
  
 JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Ltd is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. (Co. Reg. No. 197601586K)
  
 This site is optimised for viewing with screen resolution 1024 x 768. Download
  Acrobat Reader and
  Adobe Flash Player to view documents and charts in this site.


Privacy Statement
 |
  
Terms of Use

 Copyright 2017 JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited. All rights reserved.



 













About Us | J.P. Morgan Asset Management








































Individual Investors


Financial Advisers










Australia
India
Japan
Korea
Singapore
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Rest of the world










中文






Investors may be subject to substantial losses or losing the entire investment. The investment decision is yours. You should not invest unless the intermediary who sells you the Fund has advised you that it is suitable for you and has explained how it is consistent with your investment objectives. Please refer to the Offering Document(s) for details.
Acceptance of the Terms of Use and Amendments 
You must read the following information before proceeding. It provides information on some of the laws and regulations applicable to this website. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you acknowledge that you have read the following information and accept the terms and conditions set out below and on the relevant pages of this website, and agree to be bound by such terms and conditions. If you do not agree to such terms and conditions below, do not access this website, or any pages thereof. 
These Terms of Use are in addition to any other agreements between you and JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited (“we” or “us”), including any customer or account agreements, and any other agreements that govern your use of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's products, services, content, tools, and information available on this website. 
Your use of this website is governed by the version of the Terms of Use in effect on the date this website is accessed by you. The information contained in this website is current as at the date of publication but we reserve the right to change the website and the Terms of Use at any time without notice. If you use the website after the amended Terms of Use have been published, you will be deemed to have agreed to the Terms of Use, as amended. 
Additional Terms
Certain sections or pages on this website may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages. 
Issuer of Website 
The information contained herein is issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC"), which has authorised the funds mentioned herein (except those specifically referred to as funds which have not been authorised by the SFC). However, the SFC takes no responsibility for the soundness of the authorised unit trusts or mutual funds and does not imply that investment in them is recommended by the SFC. 
Authorised Users, Authorised Use and Online Account Access
Authorised Users 
None of the funds mentioned herein have been approved for sale or purchase by any authority outside Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (“Hong Kong”). This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. It is the responsibility of any persons who access the information contained herein to observe all applicable laws and regulations of their relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information. 
Authorised Use - No solicitations 
The information contained in this website does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction outside Hong Kong. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States of America, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea and India, to or for the benefit of United States persons (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organised under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof) and persons of any of the aforesaid countries. Further, such information is not directed or targeted at persons in Singapore and may not be acted upon by persons in Singapore. 
Authorised Use - No investment recommendations or professional advice 
The information contained in this website does not constitute investment advice. An investment in funds mentioned in this website may not be suitable for all investors and if you are unclear about any of the information on this website, please consult your stock broker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser. 
While certain tools available on the website may provide general investment or financial analyses based upon your personalised input, such results are not to be construed as our providing investment recommendations or advice. Unless otherwise agreed by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited in writing, you alone are solely responsible for your investment decisions based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. 
Online Account Access 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may grant you access to dealing facilities for use on this website (the “Site”) and other dealing facilities, such as telephone systems, personal data assistance devices and interactive response systems, that may be provided by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited from time to time (the Site and any such other dealing facilities together the “Dealing Facilities” and individually a “Dealing Facility”). 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may issue you with a client identification number (“CIN”), personal identification number (“PIN”) and/or any other identification (“ID”) from time to time in order for you to access certain parts of this website or to use any other Dealing Facility. You are responsible for safeguarding any such CIN, PIN and/or ID. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall be entitled to assume that any person accessing such parts of the website or using any such other Dealing Facility with that CIN, PIN or ID is either yourself or someone authorised to act on behalf of you. 
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities occurring under your account or password that are due to your conduct, inaction, or negligence. If you disclose your account numbers, CINs, PINs, IDs, and/or passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords, or other means to access your accounts, you are responsible for any transactions and activities performed from your accounts and for any use of your personal and account information by such person(s) or entity. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords without your permission, or that any other unauthorised use or security breach, loss or theft has occurred, you agree to immediately notify us. Prohibited Uses, Means of Access and Password Protected Areas 
Prohibited Uses Because all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people, you may not use the website in any manner that would damage or overburden any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server, or any network connected to any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server. You may not use the website in any manner that would interfere with any other party's use of the website. 
Means of Access 
This site is optimised for viewing with Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 6.0 SP1 or above) or Netscape Navigator (version 4.76 or above). Recommended screen resolution is 1024 x 768. Although you may use other means to access the website, be aware that the website may not appear accurately through other access methods, and you use them only at your own risk. You are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browsers to ensure that you are receiving the most recent data. Password Protected Areas 
In relation to accessing any password protected and/or any secure areas including access to any trade documentation relating to any dealing facilities utilised by you ("Trade Documentation"), you acknowledge and accept that (i) you may incur additional charges for utilising such service to access your Trade Documentation, (ii) we may notify you only through electronic means in respect of any of your dealing activities and the availability of your Trade Documentation and you shall be responsible for checking your designated electronic mailbox regularly for any such notice; (iii) you will be responsible for notifying us should you elect to no longer utilise any access to any password protected and/or any secure areas or receive electronic access to your Trade Documentation, and (iv) where your Trade Documentation is no longer available for electronic access, you may incur additional charges if hardcopies of such Trade Documentation is requested. 
Content and Downloading Disclaimers JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited believes that the information contained on the website is accurate as at the date of publication, however no warranty is made as to the accuracy, suitability, usefulness, reliability or completeness of any such information and no liability in respect of any errors or omissions (including any third party liability) is accepted by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates or any director or employee of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. The use of this website or any other Dealing Facility or any CIN or PIN, and the delivery (“Delivery”) of information or documents by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its agents through this website or any other Dealing Facility or via electronic mail or other modes of delivery, is at your own risk. No warranty is given that the content of this website and the Delivery (including any such information) will be error free or that this website or any servers that operate it or the Delivery are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. 
Reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure that website content, including account information and pricing data, are complete and accurate. However, due to the nature of information delivery technology and the necessity of using multiple data sources, including third party content, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is unable to assure the accuracy of the data you access through this website. Website content is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or other reasons. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has no duty to update this website or any website content. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages arising from any actions or investment decisions taken by you based on the accuracy (or otherwise) of the data presented through this website. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates and their directors and employees may or may not have a position in or with respect to the securities mentioned herein. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not warrant that the any downloads from this website will meet your needs or expectations, or be uninterrupted, secure or error free or that any files available for downloading through this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. You alone are responsible for ensuring adequate protection and backup of data, software, computer and other equipment is made and appropriate safeguard is in place to detect, prevent and eliminate computer viruses and other harmful effects. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates will not be responsible for any costs or expenses which may be incurred if your use of this website or the Delivery or downloads results in any servicing or replacement of property, material, equipment or data. 
Third Party Content Providers, Sites, Referrals, Hyperlink Policy and Disclaimers 
For informational or educational purposes, or as a service and convenience to you, this website may provide referral information, third party content or live links to a regulatory agency, non-profit organisation, or other unaffiliated third party and their websites, including companies that have a relationship with JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. Our decision to provide referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party vendor or to provide a link from our website to a third party website is not an endorsement of the third party, their products or services, or their website accessed through any such links. We are not responsible for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered at such sites. While we would generally only provide such information from, or links to, sources considered reliable, we do not conduct independent investigations and accordingly we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to third party products, services, content, tools, information and website, and do not guarantee their accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability, suitability or usefulness for any particular purpose as we have no control over the content on such non JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited websites. We advise and encourage you to do your own research and make your own assessment. 
Although third party content may be displayed, framed-in or provided in a pop-up box on the website, or available through a live link from our website to a third party website, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not prepare, edit, guarantee or endorse, approve, recommend or introduce any third party content. By clicking on a link from our website to any third party website, you will leave this website (even if, for your convenience, a second browser window is opened). When viewing third party content through such a link, keep in mind that the third party's website terms and conditions, privacy and security policies, or other legal information may be different from those of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited website. We are not liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues, consequences, or damages arising from your use of any third party website or information provided by third party. We do not warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Your access, use and reliance upon such content, products or services is at your own risk. 
Limitation of Liability on System and Transmission over the Internet
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not liable for any event of Force Majeure, any virus or other harmful component affecting the website or any server that operates it, any interception of data or communications in connection with the public nature of the internet, any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software failure of any email or entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website, or any combination thereof, including any loss of opportunities or profit arising from any time delay, system disruption or interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission or any incorrect data transmission, or any injury or damage to the computer or other electronic devices or property of any person accessing their website or any other person related to or resulting from accessing the websites or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for any and all losses, injury (including special, indirect and consequential losses), damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind resulting from accessing or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party, including without limitation, personal injuries, death and property damage. 
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR WHERE THE LAW REQUIRES A DIFFERENT STANDARD, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SYSTEM, EQUIPMENT, BROWSER AND/OR THE INSTALLATION OR MAINTENANCE THEREOF, ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT, THE INTERNET, THE SYSTEM, OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS, BUGS, ERRORS, CONFIGURATION PROBLEMS OR INCOMPATIBILITY OF COMPUTER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET, OR THE SYSTEM, FAILURE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INTERNET ACCESS, PROBLEMS WITH INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, PROBLEMS OR DELAYS WITH INTERMEDIATE COMPUTER OR COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR FACILITIES, PROBLEMS WITH DATA TRANSMISSION FACILITIES OR ANY OTHER PROBLEMS YOU EXPERIENCE DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL. 
Offering Documents and Investment RisksUnits or shares in funds mentioned on this website may only be bought and sold on the terms set out in the relevant explanatory memorandum or Hong Kong offering document, as applicable. Investments in emerging markets and smaller companies may involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Past performance is not a guide to future returns and investors should be aware that the value of units or shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and they may not get back the full amount invested. Exchange rates may also cause the value of the underlying overseas investments to go up or down. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the legal and tax implications of making an investment in, holding or disposing of any securities mentioned herein and the receipt of distributions with respect to such a fund. 
Copyright, Trademark, Logo, Patent, Intellectual and Other Property Rights
All copyright, trademark, logo, patent, intellectual and other property rights in the information contained herein is owned by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. No rights of any kind are licensed or assigned or shall otherwise pass to persons accessing such information. Under no circumstances should information contained herein or any part of it be copied, reproduced or redistributed without JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's express written consent. 
You acknowledge that content on the Site or otherwise available from JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited through any other Dealing Facility (“Content”) is subject to copyright and possibly other intellectual property rights (“IPRs”). Unless expressly permitted by law, the applicant shall not, and shall not permit any other person to, sell, modify, copy, reproduce, distribute, display or publish any Content which the applicant does not own or hold under licence or otherwise infringe the IPRs of any person in using the Site or any other Dealing Facility or any Content. 
The website or any other Dealing Facility may contain Content posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you and/or, in the case of the website, by other users of the website (“User Content”). JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has the right to access and examine any User Content and may in its absolute discretion move, remove or disable access to User Content or cause the same to be done. You grant JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, incorporate in other works, distribute and display any information posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you, in whole or in part. Computer Equipment, Browser Access and Internet Services
You are responsible for obtaining, installing, maintaining and operating all software, hardware or other equipment (collectively, "System") necessary for you to access and use this website including specifically any password protected and/or secure areas. This responsibility includes, without limitation, your utilising up to date web-browsers and the best commercially available encryption, antivirus, anti-spyware, and internet security software. You are additionally responsible for obtaining Internet services via the Internet service provider of your choice, for any and all fees imposed by such Internet service provider and any associated communications service provider charges. You acknowledge that there are certain security, corruption, transmission error, and access availability risks associated with using open networks such as the Internet and electronic communication, you hereby expressly assume such risks, including, but not limited to those we may disclose in our materials. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the data security of the Systems used to access this website, and for the transmission and receipt of information using such Systems. You acknowledge that you have requested access to the website for your convenience, have made your own independent assessment of the adequacy of the Internet and Systems and that you are satisfied with that assessment. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is not responsible for any errors or problems that arise from the malfunction or failure of the Internet or your Systems nor are we responsible for notifying you of any upgrades, fixes, or enhancements to, or for providing technical or other support for your Systems. Although we may provide a link to a third party site where you may download software, we make no endorsement of any specific software, hardware or Internet Service Provider and your use of any such software, hardware or service may also be subject to the license or other agreements of that provider, in addition to these Terms of Use. 
Indemnification
As a condition of your use of this website, you agree to make JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and its third party providers whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from any use of this website or your violation of these Terms of Use. Governing Law 
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Hong Kong. 
You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations by any governmental authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of this website. These Terms of Use inures to the benefit of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, its successors and assigns. You may not assign these Terms of Use. No waiver to these Terms of Use shall be effective unless agreed in writing by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. 
Languages 
In case of discrepancies between the English and other language versions of these Terms of Use and content of this website, the English version shall prevail. 
Click the "Accept" button below if you have read,understood and agree to abide by the Terms of Use, otherwise, please click "Decline" to leave the website.






Accept
Decline




By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. The advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.Privacy Statement|Terms of Use|Website SecurityCopyright 2015 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.






Financial Advisers 


Open Account 
	
		
		 / About Us 
	
		
		 / Contact Us 
	
		
		 / Home 






      

 | 






Funds

Fund Highlights
Fund Centre
Fund Managers





Fund Performance

Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings





Our Views

J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index





Start Investment

How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide





Financial Planning

eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator





Retirement Services

ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre





Resource Library

Event Calendar
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms and Literatures










29 Jul 2017










About Us



J.P. Morgan Asset Management is a leading asset manager for individuals, advisors and institutions. Our investment professionals are located around the world, providing strategies that span the full spectrum of asset classes.
With US$1.87 trillion in assets under management (the Asset Management client funds of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. as at 30 June 2017) and offices in over 30 countries, J.P. Morgan Asset Management provides global coverage with a strong local market presence and a range of investment capabilities that few other firms can match. 




Throughout our long and distinguished history, we have been steadfastly committed to putting our clients' interests first.
This fiduciary responsibility defines our relationship with clients and informs the basis of every decision we make on their behalf. This core principle is the foundation of our business as we work to understand our clients' needs, offer informed advice and execute strategies to generate excess returns and provide world-class client solutions.


J.P. Morgan’s investment management business was first established in Hong Kong in 1974 and remains headquartered in the city.  Today, it has eight offices throughout Asia Pacific, including Hong Kong, Australia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Singapore and Taiwan.
With over 1,700 employees across the region, J.P. Morgan Asset Management is able to provide a constant link to these markets and to gather first-hand insights and perspectives for its clients.
As part of a major global investment group, we are committed to providing specialist teams with the resources needed to deliver successful products and performance to our clients. The Emerging Markets and Asia Pacific Equities Team, together with the local presence of the Multi-Asset Solutions, Global Fixed Income, Currency & Commodities Group and Global Equities Team form the core of J.P. Morgan Asset Management’s investment management operations.


As one of the leading financial institutions in the region, J.P. Morgan has been taking an active part in capturing the opportunities brought about by the opening up of China’s capital markets.  We were among the first-movers in the Qualified Domestic Institutional Investor (QDII), Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII) and Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (RQFII) space.   In January 2016, we were also one of the first foreign fund managers to receive approval to launch products under the mutual recognition of funds (MRF) scheme in China.


Investor education continues to be key to our mission of helping clients secure a stronger financial future.  Our proprietary “Market Insights Program” has won multiple industry awards.  The program provides our distributors and investors an unbiased set of tools to help  them make informed investment decisions.





Our Funds
Our Services
Our Awards
Contact Us
Corporate Governance




hkec/en/L08_Footer/L08P30_About Us/CNT_L08P30_About Us
About Us























Show site index
Open Account  About Us  Contact Us






Funds
Fund HighlightsFund CentreFund Managers

Fund Performance
Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings

Our Views
J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index

Start Investment
How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide

Financial Planning
eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator

Retirement Services
ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre

Resource Library
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms & Literatures








By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. This website and the advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. This website has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ("SFC"), with the exception of material relating to the JPMorgan Provident Plan that the SFC has pre-approved.
Privacy Statement|Terms of UseCopyright 2017 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.


















 









JPMorgan Funds Asia Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























jpmorgan funds asia ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited operates as an investment management company. The Company offers asset management, equities, fixed income, real estate, securities, investment strategies, and financial planning services. JPMorgan Funds serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

27th Floor, Chater House
8 Connaught Road
Central
Hong Kong (SAR)


Phone:
852-2265-1188


Fax:
852-2810-1694


Web url:
www.jpmorganam.com.hk























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited - BCT Group






























































 




HomeAbout BCTWhat's NewRetirement PlanningMPF/ORSOAsset ServicingSupportContact UsCareer@BCTImportant NotesSearchPage not foundBCT's AgentAgent Corner - BCT News Sales-kitAgent Corner - Client PromotionMobile Push Notification Our GroupCEO MessageHistory and MilestonesCorporate Governance / CSRDescriptionCSROur BusinessAwards and RecognitionLatest NewsDefault Investment Strategy (DIS)What is DIS?Why Does DIS Matter to You?How to Get PreparedDownload ZonePublicationsVideosIntroductionRisk AssessmentRetirement CalculatorIntroductionWhy BCTOur ProductsBCT Service Pledge EmployerHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTHow to administer your MPF planHow to take care of your employees' needsEmployee / Self-employedHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTHow to manage your accountTips for youFund InformationFund RangeFund PricesFund PerformanceFund ComparisonManager IntroductionInvestment InformationWebcastsMarket OutlookInvestment InsightViews from ManagersIntroductionValue ChainFAQEmployerEmployeeSelf-EmployedPersonal Account MemberOthersFormsTools and DemosContribution Computation Tool (First Contribution of Regular Employee)Contribution Computation Tool (Casual Employee)Useful Linkse-News SubscriptionSitemapGlossaryIntroductionWhy BCTWe Learn and GrowWe ShineBe a BCTianPrivacy StatementLegal StatementOnline SecurityHow We Safeguard Your DataHow You Can HelpPersonal Information Collection Statement

LOGIN










Contact Us
Contact Us



Login






BCT MPF/ORSO




Employer





Member









Individual ORSO Schemes




Employer





Member









Channel Partners




Brokers





Agents



























BCT 銀聯集團









  Contact Us Career@BCT AAA




																			中文									











HomeAbout BCTWhat's NewRetirement PlanningMPF/ORSOAsset ServicingSupportContact UsCareer@BCTImportant NotesSearchPage not foundBCT's AgentAgent Corner - BCT News Sales-kitAgent Corner - Client PromotionMobile Push Notification Our GroupCEO MessageHistory and MilestonesCorporate Governance / CSRDescriptionCSROur BusinessAwards and RecognitionLatest NewsDefault Investment Strategy (DIS)What is DIS?Why Does DIS Matter to You?How to Get PreparedDownload ZonePublicationsVideosIntroductionRisk AssessmentRetirement CalculatorIntroductionWhy BCTOur ProductsBCT Service Pledge EmployerHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTHow to administer your MPF planHow to take care of your employees' needsEmployee / Self-employedHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTHow to manage your accountTips for youFund InformationFund RangeFund PricesFund PerformanceFund ComparisonManager IntroductionInvestment InformationWebcastsMarket OutlookInvestment InsightViews from ManagersIntroductionValue ChainFAQEmployerEmployeeSelf-EmployedPersonal Account MemberOthersFormsTools and DemosContribution Computation Tool (First Contribution of Regular Employee)Contribution Computation Tool (Casual Employee)Useful Linkse-News SubscriptionSitemapGlossaryIntroductionWhy BCTWe Learn and GrowWe ShineBe a BCTianPrivacy StatementLegal StatementOnline SecurityHow We Safeguard Your DataHow You Can HelpPersonal Information Collection Statement











Fund Information











Important Notes
BCT (MPF) Pro Choice and BCT (MPF) Industry Choice

You should consider your own risk tolerance level and financial circumstances before making any investment choices. When, in your selection of funds, you are in doubt as to whether a certain fund is suitable for you (including whether it is consistent with your investment objectives), you should seek financial and / or professional advice and choose the fund(s) most suitable for you taking into account your circumstances.
Your investment decision should not be based on this website alone. Please read the principal brochures of BCT (MPF) Pro Choice and BCT (MPF) Industry Choice for further details, including the risk factors.
BCT (Pro) MPF Conservative Fund and BCT (Industry) MPF Conservative Fund of the relevant schemes do not guarantee the repayment of capital.
Members should note that investment markets could fluctuate significantly. Fund prices may go down as well as up. There is no guarantee that, given the time required to implement fund switching instructions, such instructions will achieve your desired results. Please carefully consider your own risk tolerance level and financial circumstances (as well as your own retirement plan) before making any investment choices. If in doubt, please contact your independent financial advisor for further details.

BCT Premier Pooled ORSO Retirement Plan

You should consider your own risk tolerance level and financial circumstances before making any investment choices. When, in your selection of funds, you are in doubt as to whether a certain fund is suitable for you (including whether it is consistent with your investment objectives), you should seek financial and / or professional advice and choose the fund(s) most suitable for you taking into account your circumstances.
Your investment decision should not be based on this website alone. Please read the explanatory memorandum of the Plan for further details, including the risk factors.
BCT ORSO Guaranteed Fund under the Plan invests directly into the China Life - Deposit Administration Guarantee Fund Policy issued by China Life Insurance (Overseas) Company Limited ("China Life"). China Life is the guarantor of the policy. Your investments in BCT ORSO Guaranteed Fund, if any, are therefore subject to the credit risks of China Life. Please refer to part IV of the Explanatory Memorandum for details of the guarantee features and guarantee conditions.

Unless otherwise specified, the term “BCT” referred to in this website shall mean BCT Financial Limited (Plan Sponsor) and Bank Consortium Trust Company Limited (Trustee & Administrator)
 
This website is issued by BCT Financial Limited.
 

I have read and understood









 
 



 







HomeMPF/ORSOFund InformationManager IntroductionEnglish ContentMPF / ORSO	Fund InformationManager IntroductionJPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited

Print this page








					JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited			






													Details							


Manager Introduction 



					09 Jun 2015				




					Views: 18			 



J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the asset management division of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and is one of the world's largest asset managers. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market.
J.P. Morgan Asset Management has a global network of 940 investment professionals located worldwide and assets under management of US$1.7 trillion (as at 31/03/15). This global investment capability is based on a strong local market presence across three regions – Asia Pacific, Europe and the US - and brings together an incredible pool of specialist investment knowledge and expertise which further enhances their capabilities to provide clients with their very best products.
With the reputation for innovation and market leadership, J.P. Morgan Asset Management is committed to helping investors reach their financial goals by providing them with a broad range of professionally managed funds and the high quality of client service. 






 Prev		



			Next  












Allianz Global Investors Asia Pacific Limited


Read More




Allianz Global Investors is a diversified active investment manager with a strong parent company and a culture of risk management. With 24 offices in 18 countries, the Company provides global investment and research capabilities with consultative local delivery. It has more than EUR454 billion in AUM for individuals, families and institutions worldwide and employ 547 investment professionals. (As at 31 March 2015)
Allianz Global Investors follows a two-word philosophy: Understand. Act. It describes how the Company looks at the world and how it behaves. It aims to stand out as the investment partner its clients trust by listening closely to understand their challenges, then acting decisively to provide them with solutions that meet their needs. 



FIL Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited


Read More




Fidelity was established in Hong Kong in 1981 and is a subsidiary of FIL Limited. FIL Limited has over 45 years of investment experience, serving major world markets by providing investment products and services to individuals and institutional investors outside the U.S. The company has over 6,000 staff and manages US$274.5 billion in assets for millions of investors (as at Q4 2014). 



Invesco Hong Kong Limited


Read More




Invesco Ltd. is one of the most experienced investment managers in Asia. Today, Invesco Ltd. has a comprehensive presence in the Asia Pacific region with offices in Hong Kong, China*, Taiwan, Singapore, Japan, South Korea** and Australia. Invesco Ltd. has also established presence in Mainland China and India via joint venture operations.
Invesco Ltd. is a leading independent global investment management firm, dedicated to helping investors worldwide achieve their financial objectives. By delivering the combined power of their distinctive worldwide investment management capabilities, Invesco Ltd. provides a wide range of investment strategies and vehicles to their retail, institutional and high net worth clients around the world. Operating in more than 20 countries, the company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "IVZ".
*Via a representative office in Beijing
**Via a representative office in Seoul 



JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited


Read More




J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the asset management division of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and is one of the world's largest asset managers. With a heritage of more than two centuries, a broad range of core and alternative strategies, and investment professionals operating in every major world market.
J.P. Morgan Asset Management has a global network of 940 investment professionals located worldwide and assets under management of US$1.7 trillion (as at 31/03/15). This global investment capability is based on a strong local market presence across three regions – Asia Pacific, Europe and the US - and brings together an incredible pool of specialist investment knowledge and expertise which further enhances their capabilities to provide clients with their very best products.
With the reputation for innovation and market leadership, J.P. Morgan Asset Management is committed to helping investors reach their financial goals by providing them with a broad range of professionally managed funds and the high quality of client service. 



Schroder Investment Management (Hong Kong) Limited


Read More




Schroders is a leading independent international asset management group, with more than 200 years of experience and over USD474.3billion in assets under management. The firm aims to apply its specialist asset management skills to serve the needs of its clients, utilizing over 3,600 employees, 430 portfolio managers and analysts covering the world's investment markets from its global network of 37 offices in 27 countries. Schroders investment capabilities have been recognised by experts across the world, and its range of funds has won various awards worldwide over the past years. In Hong Kong, Schroders has built a strong local presence over the last 40 years. This is evidenced by its extensive list of clients comprising listed companies, major fund distributors, and retail investors. 



State Street Global Advisors Asia Limited


Read More




For nearly four decades, State Street Global Advisors has been committed to helping their clients, and those who rely on them, achieve financial security. They partner with many of the world’s largest, sophisticated investors and financial intermediaries to help them reach their goals through a rigorous, research-driven investment process spanning both indexing and active disciplines. With trillions* in assets, their scale and global reach offer clients access to markets, geographies and asset classes, and allow them to deliver thoughtful insights and innovative solutions.
State Street Global Advisors also attained ETF industry leadership with SPDR.SPDR created the world’s first ETF in 1993 and has been helping investors targetopportunities with greater precision ever since, including first-to-market launches withgold, international real estate and fixed income and sector ETFs. Today, SPDR is theprovider of some of the largest and most actively traded ETFs globally.
State Street Global Advisors is the investment management arm of State Street Corporation.
*Assets under management were $2.45 trillion as of December 31, 2014. This AUM total includes the assets of the SPDR Gold Trust (approx. $27.3 billion as of December 31, 2014), for which State Street Global Markets, LLC, an affiliate of State Street Global Advisors, serves as the marketing agent. Please note that AUM totals are unaudited. 



Franklin Templeton Investments (Asia) Limited


Read More




Templeton is a wholly owned subsidiary of Franklin Resources, Inc. [NYSE:BEN], a global investment management organization operating as Franklin Templeton Investments. Franklin Templeton Investments provides global and domestic investment management solutions managed by its Franklin, Templeton and Franklin Mutual Series investment teams. The San Mateo, CA-based company has more than 65 years of investment experience and offices in more than 35 countries. 



China Life Insurance (Overseas) Company Limited


Read More




China Life Insurance (Overseas) Company Limited (abbreviated as “China Life Overseas Company”) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Life Insurance (Group) Company, the largest financial insurance corporation in China. For 12 consecutive years, the parent company is a Fortune Global 500 company, which ranks 98 in 2014, with brand value of over RMB 170 billion. China Life Overseas Company set up its branch in Hong Kong in 1984 which has been providing comprehensive products and services in Hong Kong for 30 years. The company’s business covers 3 main categories, including insurance, investment as well as provident fund service. With "China" as its brand name, the company is committed to delivering long-term and total protection solutions to their customers. 












IntroductionWhy BCTOur ProductsBCT Service Pledge EmployerHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTHow to administer your MPF planPlan Set-upMember EnrollmentContributionMember TerminationLSP / SP OffsetIntra Group TransferTax ConcessionHow to take care of your employees' needsMember ServiceValue-added ServiceEmployee / Self-employedHow to select your providerHow to transfer your MPF asset to BCTDescriptionHow to Join UsWay of transfer of your MPF assets to usHow to manage your accountChannels and Touch PointsContribution for SEPRegular MPF ReviewInvestment Planning ServiceRetirement Planning ServiceTips for youFund InformationFund RangeFund PricesFund PerformanceFund ComparisonManager IntroductionInvestment InformationWebcastsMarket OutlookInvestment InsightViews from Managers























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Mutual Fund Investment | J.P. Morgan Asset Management











































Individual Investors


Financial Advisers










Australia
India
Japan
Korea
Singapore
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Rest of the world










中文






Investors may be subject to substantial losses or losing the entire investment. The investment decision is yours. You should not invest unless the intermediary who sells you the Fund has advised you that it is suitable for you and has explained how it is consistent with your investment objectives. Please refer to the Offering Document(s) for details.
Acceptance of the Terms of Use and Amendments 
You must read the following information before proceeding. It provides information on some of the laws and regulations applicable to this website. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you acknowledge that you have read the following information and accept the terms and conditions set out below and on the relevant pages of this website, and agree to be bound by such terms and conditions. If you do not agree to such terms and conditions below, do not access this website, or any pages thereof. 
These Terms of Use are in addition to any other agreements between you and JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited (“we” or “us”), including any customer or account agreements, and any other agreements that govern your use of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's products, services, content, tools, and information available on this website. 
Your use of this website is governed by the version of the Terms of Use in effect on the date this website is accessed by you. The information contained in this website is current as at the date of publication but we reserve the right to change the website and the Terms of Use at any time without notice. If you use the website after the amended Terms of Use have been published, you will be deemed to have agreed to the Terms of Use, as amended. 
Additional Terms
Certain sections or pages on this website may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages. 
Issuer of Website 
The information contained herein is issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC"), which has authorised the funds mentioned herein (except those specifically referred to as funds which have not been authorised by the SFC). However, the SFC takes no responsibility for the soundness of the authorised unit trusts or mutual funds and does not imply that investment in them is recommended by the SFC. 
Authorised Users, Authorised Use and Online Account Access
Authorised Users 
None of the funds mentioned herein have been approved for sale or purchase by any authority outside Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (“Hong Kong”). This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. It is the responsibility of any persons who access the information contained herein to observe all applicable laws and regulations of their relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information. 
Authorised Use - No solicitations 
The information contained in this website does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction outside Hong Kong. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States of America, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea and India, to or for the benefit of United States persons (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organised under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof) and persons of any of the aforesaid countries. Further, such information is not directed or targeted at persons in Singapore and may not be acted upon by persons in Singapore. 
Authorised Use - No investment recommendations or professional advice 
The information contained in this website does not constitute investment advice. An investment in funds mentioned in this website may not be suitable for all investors and if you are unclear about any of the information on this website, please consult your stock broker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser. 
While certain tools available on the website may provide general investment or financial analyses based upon your personalised input, such results are not to be construed as our providing investment recommendations or advice. Unless otherwise agreed by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited in writing, you alone are solely responsible for your investment decisions based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. 
Online Account Access 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may grant you access to dealing facilities for use on this website (the “Site”) and other dealing facilities, such as telephone systems, personal data assistance devices and interactive response systems, that may be provided by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited from time to time (the Site and any such other dealing facilities together the “Dealing Facilities” and individually a “Dealing Facility”). 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may issue you with a client identification number (“CIN”), personal identification number (“PIN”) and/or any other identification (“ID”) from time to time in order for you to access certain parts of this website or to use any other Dealing Facility. You are responsible for safeguarding any such CIN, PIN and/or ID. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall be entitled to assume that any person accessing such parts of the website or using any such other Dealing Facility with that CIN, PIN or ID is either yourself or someone authorised to act on behalf of you. 
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities occurring under your account or password that are due to your conduct, inaction, or negligence. If you disclose your account numbers, CINs, PINs, IDs, and/or passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords, or other means to access your accounts, you are responsible for any transactions and activities performed from your accounts and for any use of your personal and account information by such person(s) or entity. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords without your permission, or that any other unauthorised use or security breach, loss or theft has occurred, you agree to immediately notify us. Prohibited Uses, Means of Access and Password Protected Areas 
Prohibited Uses Because all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people, you may not use the website in any manner that would damage or overburden any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server, or any network connected to any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server. You may not use the website in any manner that would interfere with any other party's use of the website. 
Means of Access 
This site is optimised for viewing with Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 6.0 SP1 or above) or Netscape Navigator (version 4.76 or above). Recommended screen resolution is 1024 x 768. Although you may use other means to access the website, be aware that the website may not appear accurately through other access methods, and you use them only at your own risk. You are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browsers to ensure that you are receiving the most recent data. Password Protected Areas 
In relation to accessing any password protected and/or any secure areas including access to any trade documentation relating to any dealing facilities utilised by you ("Trade Documentation"), you acknowledge and accept that (i) you may incur additional charges for utilising such service to access your Trade Documentation, (ii) we may notify you only through electronic means in respect of any of your dealing activities and the availability of your Trade Documentation and you shall be responsible for checking your designated electronic mailbox regularly for any such notice; (iii) you will be responsible for notifying us should you elect to no longer utilise any access to any password protected and/or any secure areas or receive electronic access to your Trade Documentation, and (iv) where your Trade Documentation is no longer available for electronic access, you may incur additional charges if hardcopies of such Trade Documentation is requested. 
Content and Downloading Disclaimers JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited believes that the information contained on the website is accurate as at the date of publication, however no warranty is made as to the accuracy, suitability, usefulness, reliability or completeness of any such information and no liability in respect of any errors or omissions (including any third party liability) is accepted by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates or any director or employee of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. The use of this website or any other Dealing Facility or any CIN or PIN, and the delivery (“Delivery”) of information or documents by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its agents through this website or any other Dealing Facility or via electronic mail or other modes of delivery, is at your own risk. No warranty is given that the content of this website and the Delivery (including any such information) will be error free or that this website or any servers that operate it or the Delivery are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. 
Reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure that website content, including account information and pricing data, are complete and accurate. However, due to the nature of information delivery technology and the necessity of using multiple data sources, including third party content, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is unable to assure the accuracy of the data you access through this website. Website content is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or other reasons. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has no duty to update this website or any website content. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages arising from any actions or investment decisions taken by you based on the accuracy (or otherwise) of the data presented through this website. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates and their directors and employees may or may not have a position in or with respect to the securities mentioned herein. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not warrant that the any downloads from this website will meet your needs or expectations, or be uninterrupted, secure or error free or that any files available for downloading through this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. You alone are responsible for ensuring adequate protection and backup of data, software, computer and other equipment is made and appropriate safeguard is in place to detect, prevent and eliminate computer viruses and other harmful effects. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates will not be responsible for any costs or expenses which may be incurred if your use of this website or the Delivery or downloads results in any servicing or replacement of property, material, equipment or data. 
Third Party Content Providers, Sites, Referrals, Hyperlink Policy and Disclaimers 
For informational or educational purposes, or as a service and convenience to you, this website may provide referral information, third party content or live links to a regulatory agency, non-profit organisation, or other unaffiliated third party and their websites, including companies that have a relationship with JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. Our decision to provide referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party vendor or to provide a link from our website to a third party website is not an endorsement of the third party, their products or services, or their website accessed through any such links. We are not responsible for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered at such sites. While we would generally only provide such information from, or links to, sources considered reliable, we do not conduct independent investigations and accordingly we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to third party products, services, content, tools, information and website, and do not guarantee their accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability, suitability or usefulness for any particular purpose as we have no control over the content on such non JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited websites. We advise and encourage you to do your own research and make your own assessment. 
Although third party content may be displayed, framed-in or provided in a pop-up box on the website, or available through a live link from our website to a third party website, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not prepare, edit, guarantee or endorse, approve, recommend or introduce any third party content. By clicking on a link from our website to any third party website, you will leave this website (even if, for your convenience, a second browser window is opened). When viewing third party content through such a link, keep in mind that the third party's website terms and conditions, privacy and security policies, or other legal information may be different from those of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited website. We are not liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues, consequences, or damages arising from your use of any third party website or information provided by third party. We do not warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Your access, use and reliance upon such content, products or services is at your own risk. 
Limitation of Liability on System and Transmission over the Internet
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not liable for any event of Force Majeure, any virus or other harmful component affecting the website or any server that operates it, any interception of data or communications in connection with the public nature of the internet, any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software failure of any email or entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website, or any combination thereof, including any loss of opportunities or profit arising from any time delay, system disruption or interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission or any incorrect data transmission, or any injury or damage to the computer or other electronic devices or property of any person accessing their website or any other person related to or resulting from accessing the websites or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for any and all losses, injury (including special, indirect and consequential losses), damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind resulting from accessing or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party, including without limitation, personal injuries, death and property damage. 
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR WHERE THE LAW REQUIRES A DIFFERENT STANDARD, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SYSTEM, EQUIPMENT, BROWSER AND/OR THE INSTALLATION OR MAINTENANCE THEREOF, ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT, THE INTERNET, THE SYSTEM, OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS, BUGS, ERRORS, CONFIGURATION PROBLEMS OR INCOMPATIBILITY OF COMPUTER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET, OR THE SYSTEM, FAILURE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INTERNET ACCESS, PROBLEMS WITH INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, PROBLEMS OR DELAYS WITH INTERMEDIATE COMPUTER OR COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR FACILITIES, PROBLEMS WITH DATA TRANSMISSION FACILITIES OR ANY OTHER PROBLEMS YOU EXPERIENCE DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL. 
Offering Documents and Investment RisksUnits or shares in funds mentioned on this website may only be bought and sold on the terms set out in the relevant explanatory memorandum or Hong Kong offering document, as applicable. Investments in emerging markets and smaller companies may involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Past performance is not a guide to future returns and investors should be aware that the value of units or shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and they may not get back the full amount invested. Exchange rates may also cause the value of the underlying overseas investments to go up or down. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the legal and tax implications of making an investment in, holding or disposing of any securities mentioned herein and the receipt of distributions with respect to such a fund. 
Copyright, Trademark, Logo, Patent, Intellectual and Other Property Rights
All copyright, trademark, logo, patent, intellectual and other property rights in the information contained herein is owned by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. No rights of any kind are licensed or assigned or shall otherwise pass to persons accessing such information. Under no circumstances should information contained herein or any part of it be copied, reproduced or redistributed without JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's express written consent. 
You acknowledge that content on the Site or otherwise available from JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited through any other Dealing Facility (“Content”) is subject to copyright and possibly other intellectual property rights (“IPRs”). Unless expressly permitted by law, the applicant shall not, and shall not permit any other person to, sell, modify, copy, reproduce, distribute, display or publish any Content which the applicant does not own or hold under licence or otherwise infringe the IPRs of any person in using the Site or any other Dealing Facility or any Content. 
The website or any other Dealing Facility may contain Content posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you and/or, in the case of the website, by other users of the website (“User Content”). JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has the right to access and examine any User Content and may in its absolute discretion move, remove or disable access to User Content or cause the same to be done. You grant JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, incorporate in other works, distribute and display any information posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you, in whole or in part. Computer Equipment, Browser Access and Internet Services
You are responsible for obtaining, installing, maintaining and operating all software, hardware or other equipment (collectively, "System") necessary for you to access and use this website including specifically any password protected and/or secure areas. This responsibility includes, without limitation, your utilising up to date web-browsers and the best commercially available encryption, antivirus, anti-spyware, and internet security software. You are additionally responsible for obtaining Internet services via the Internet service provider of your choice, for any and all fees imposed by such Internet service provider and any associated communications service provider charges. You acknowledge that there are certain security, corruption, transmission error, and access availability risks associated with using open networks such as the Internet and electronic communication, you hereby expressly assume such risks, including, but not limited to those we may disclose in our materials. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the data security of the Systems used to access this website, and for the transmission and receipt of information using such Systems. You acknowledge that you have requested access to the website for your convenience, have made your own independent assessment of the adequacy of the Internet and Systems and that you are satisfied with that assessment. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is not responsible for any errors or problems that arise from the malfunction or failure of the Internet or your Systems nor are we responsible for notifying you of any upgrades, fixes, or enhancements to, or for providing technical or other support for your Systems. Although we may provide a link to a third party site where you may download software, we make no endorsement of any specific software, hardware or Internet Service Provider and your use of any such software, hardware or service may also be subject to the license or other agreements of that provider, in addition to these Terms of Use. 
Indemnification
As a condition of your use of this website, you agree to make JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and its third party providers whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from any use of this website or your violation of these Terms of Use. Governing Law 
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Hong Kong. 
You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations by any governmental authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of this website. These Terms of Use inures to the benefit of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, its successors and assigns. You may not assign these Terms of Use. No waiver to these Terms of Use shall be effective unless agreed in writing by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. 
Languages 
In case of discrepancies between the English and other language versions of these Terms of Use and content of this website, the English version shall prevail. 
Click the "Accept" button below if you have read,understood and agree to abide by the Terms of Use, otherwise, please click "Decline" to leave the website.






Accept
Decline




By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. The advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.Privacy Statement|Terms of Use|Website SecurityCopyright 2015 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.






Financial Advisers 


Open Account 
	
		
		 / About Us 
	
		
		 / Contact Us 
	
		
		 / Home 






      

 | 






Funds

Fund Highlights
Fund Centre
Fund Managers





Fund Performance

Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings





Our Views

J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index





Start Investment

How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide





Financial Planning

eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator





Retirement Services

ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre





Resource Library

Event Calendar
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms and Literatures










29 Jul 2017


















Daily Fund Prices
Fund Performance
Historical Fund Prices
Selected Portfolios
Fund Report
Useful Forms
















eRegistration











 



Reference Links


J.P. Morgan Asset Management
J.P. Morgan 


Download Acrobat Reader and Adobe Flash Player to view documents and charts in this site.








Spotlight



























News & View




					More..
				











					Market Bulletin - Monthly Market Review – July
				

			We are pleased to release this month’s market review, a summary of the factors driving global markets over the last month.
			





					Market Bulletin - Investing in a Rising Rate Environment
				

			This paper, written by Alexander Dryden, discusses the implications of the Fed raising interest rates over the next two years, the reduction in the balance sheet and how investors can prepare.
			









J.P. Morgan Fund-cast


More..































































Announcement

More..




Announcement of China International Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CIFM”) on Change in Senior Management

		  
		  Jul 2017


Notice to Investors of CIFM China Multi-Assets Fund, CIFM China Emerging Power Fund and CIFM China Sector Rotation Fund

		  
		  Jul 2017












Top 5 funds


More..








JPMorgan Pacific Technology (acc) - USD



			
			43.9%
			




JPM US Technology A (dist) - USD



			
			39.4%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - RMB (hedged)



			
			36.2%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - USD



			
			33.4%
			




JPM Europe Technology A (dist) - EUR



			
			33.1%
			





Please refer to Minimum Performance Information.



































 

hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Promotion Banner/L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT
L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT




hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT
L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT



















Show site index
Open Account  About Us  Contact Us






Funds
Fund HighlightsFund CentreFund Managers

Fund Performance
Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings

Our Views
J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index

Start Investment
How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide

Financial Planning
eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator

Retirement Services
ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre

Resource Library
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms & Literatures








By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. This website and the advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. This website has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ("SFC"), with the exception of material relating to the JPMorgan Provident Plan that the SFC has pre-approved.
Privacy Statement|Terms of UseCopyright 2017 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.


















 










Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









