











Products - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Products
			


 

Liquidity Investment Solutions
                         

                            We offer Luxembourg domiciled money market funds denominated in USD, GBP, EUR, SGD and AUD, which are suitable for a wide range of non-U.S. based investors, along with short-term fixed income funds and separately managed accounts. 
                            

Explore Our Funds


View Daily & Weekly Liquid Assets Report  
View Daily Market-Based NAV Report  
View Historical Daily and Weekly Liquid Assets and Market-Based NAVs  


 






Our Funds

Liquidity Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more. 
                            

View our Liquidity Funds  




Fixed Income Funds
                         

                            Explore fund details, including yields, prices, total returns and more.
                            

View our Fixed Income Funds  




 

 J.P. Morgan Managed Reserves Strategy 
Our Managed Reserves strategy provides a compelling cash management strategy for liquidity investors with longer investment horizons who are looking for additional returns above AAA-rated liquidity funds while carefully managing risk.Learn More  


Separately Managed Accounts
For clients who require a customized portfolio, our separately managed accounts allow clients to define their own parameters for security, returns and liquidity based upon their risk tolerance and cash flow needs.Learn More  




Product Spotlight





JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings UK Ltd: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























jpmorgan asset management holdings uk ltd
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Specialty Finance
Sub-Industry: Other Financial Services
JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings UK Ltd. offers asset management services. The Company offers services to institutions, individuals and financial intermediaries. JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings operates worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

10 Aldermanbury
London, EC2V 7RF
United Kingdom


Phone:
44-207-777-2000


Fax:
44-207-588-7219


Web url:
www.jpmorgan.co.uk























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data














































Investment Insights articles - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Investment Insights articles
			













 1 - 1 of 1 Results
                    



Sort By:


Newest




Newest


Oldest
















                        Exorcising Chinese volatility from European equities
                        

In the wake of August’s China-induced volatility, European equities are now finding a floor and should make headway into 2016 representing a potential buying opportunity for some investors.



                        2 Oct 2015                        
                    
























OEIC fund range - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				OEIC fund range
			




Introducing the JPM OEIC range
                         

                            We bring all of our investment expertise to bear on our extensive range of UK-domiciled OEIC  funds, providing UK investors with a diverse choice of growth and income opportunities - across asset classes, regions and sectors.

                            

View our OEIC range





FEATURED OEIC FUNDS


UK


Europe


Emerging Markets


Far East


US


Global



UK




UK


Europe


Emerging Markets


Far East


US


Global



















View our OEIC range



 

Regulatory documents
Key Investment Information Document (KIID)
The KIID should be reviewed with your client before they invest.Find the relevant KIID using the Fund Explorer  



	Supplementary Information Document (SID)

	The SID provides additional information about the sub-funds of the three JPMorgan Fund ICVCs. It should be read in conjunction with the KIID.

Supplementary Information Document


Prospectus 
JPMorgan Fund ICVC – Prospectus
JPMorgan Fund II ICVC – Prospectus
JPMorgan Fund III ICVC – Prospectus


Find out how to invest


Fund Reports
Long form Interim and Annual Reports







                                    Interim Report & Accounts (long form)
                                


JPMorgan Fund ICVC – Interim Report & Accounts
JPMorgan Fund II ICVC – Interim Report & Accounts
JPMorgan Fund III ICVC – Interim Report & Accounts







                                    Annual Report & Accounts (long form)
                                


JPMorgan Fund ICVC – Annual Report & Accounts
JPMorgan Fund II ICVC – Annual Report & Accounts
JPMorgan Fund III ICVC – Annual Report & Accounts







	Short form Interim and Annual Reports
Find short form reports using the Fund Explorer  


Monthly fund commentaries
Read a selection of the latest monthly commentaries from our Investment desks.
Download the latest monthly fund commentaries  







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





















Fund Explorer - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar










JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:41 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to individuals, investment companies, corporations and other businesses, pension and profit sharing plans, foundations, charitable organizations, state and municipal government entities, and foreign governments. The firm manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds. The firm manages commodity and multi-asset mutual funds. It also launches and manages hedge funds. The firm launches and manages private funds which invest...
JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited is a privately owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It also caters to individuals, investment companies, corporations and other businesses, pension and profit sharing plans, foundations, charitable organizations, state and municipal government entities, and foreign governments. The firm manages separate client focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds. The firm manages commodity and multi-asset mutual funds. It also launches and manages hedge funds. The firm launches and manages private funds which invest in equity and fixed income markets. It invests in the public equity, fixed income markets across the globe. The firm also invests in alternative markets such as real estate, commodity, and currency markets. It invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all capitalization, including large cap, mid cap, and small cap companies. The firm also invests in fixed income securities including government bonds, corporate bonds, global government bonds, and high yield distressed debt. It also invests in money market funds and in cash. The firm employs a long/short strategy. It utilizes fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach. The firm conducts in-house research while making its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its equity portfolio against the FTSE All-Share Index, FTSE Europe (ex UK) Index, S&P 500 Index, FTSE World Pacific ex-Japan Index, and MSCI Emerging Markets Free Index. The firm was formerly known as J.P. Morgan Fleming Asset Management (UK) Limited. It was founded on February 27, 1974 and is based in London, United Kingdom, with additional offices in Prague, Czech Republic, and London, United Kingdom. JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited operates as a subsidiary of JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited.
Detailed Description


60 Victoria EmbankmentLondon,  EC4Y 0JPUnited KingdomFounded in 1974



Phone: 44 20 7742 6000

Fax: 44 20 7742 8162








Key Executives for JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited




Mr. Michael Frederick O'Brien CFA, FIA


      	CEO of Investment Management Business for EMEA
      








Mr. James R. Elliot CFA


      	Global Co-Chief Investment Officer of International Global Multi-Asset Group
      








Mr. Ioan Roberts CFA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Director
      








Mr. Peter Michael Reilly


      	Chief Executive Officer and European Real Estate Head
      








Mr. Richard Edward Titherington


      	MD, Chief Investment Officer, Head of the Emerging Markets and APAC Equities Team, and Fund Manager
      


Age: 54
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Key Developments

JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at Optimising Value from Bond Investments for Pension Funds, Sep-01-2016 10:55 AM
Aug 29 16
JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at Optimising Value from Bond Investments for Pension Funds, Sep-01-2016 10:55 AM. Venue: Le Meridien Piccadilly, 21 Piccadilly, London W1 0BH, United Kingdom. Speakers: Andreas Michalitsianos, Senior Fund Manager of Fixed Income.


JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at Annual Bond Investment Strategies for Pension Funds, Jan-07-2016 09:10 AM
Jan 1 16
JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at Annual Bond Investment Strategies for Pension Funds, Jan-07-2016 09:10 AM. Venue: Le Meridien Piccadilly, London, United Kingdom. Speakers: Maria Ryan, Managing Director and Head of Europe, Middle East and Africa Fixed-Income Strategies.


JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at ICBI's Super Investor 2015, Nov-18-2015 06:05 PM
Sep 24 15
JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited Presents at ICBI's Super Investor 2015, Nov-18-2015 06:05 PM. Venue: Hotel Okura, Amsterdam, Netherlands. Speakers: Dana Haimoff.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 11, 2017
			    
Public Joint Stock Company Cherkizovo Group



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 4, 2017
			    
Skandiabanken ASA



Merger/Acquisition

			      June 19, 2017
			    
Novadaq Technologies Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















http://blog.jpmorganinstitutional.com/ - http://blog.jpmorganinstitutional.com/





































close
You are about to leave the J.P. Morgan Global Fixed Income blog

                     Please click below to continue or select the exit option on the right to remain on this site.


Continue








Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
Twitter
Email
RSS


Videos
About the blog










						Search by 
Select category
Bond yields
Brazil
Broad Markets
China
Commodities
Currency
Emerging markets
General
Global High Yield
Global Liquidity
Global markets
Global rates
High Yield
Inflation
Investor Insights
Japan
Mexico
Mortgages
Municipals
Pension Solutions
Singapore
Turkey
US economy
World Economy
Only pagesOnly managersOnly funds


Select month
 July 2017  (4)
 June 2017  (7)
 May 2017  (6)
 April 2017  (5)
 March 2017  (8)
 February 2017  (7)
 January 2017  (6)
 December 2016  (6)
 November 2016  (8)
 October 2016  (8)
 September 2016  (8)
 August 2016  (6)
 July 2016  (9)
 June 2016  (6)
 May 2016  (5)
 April 2016  (7)
 March 2016  (8)
 February 2016  (5)
 January 2016  (7)
 December 2015  (8)
 November 2015  (7)
 October 2015  (9)
 September 2015  (5)
 August 2015  (4)
 July 2015  (9)
 June 2015  (7)
 May 2015  (6)
 April 2015  (9)
 March 2015  (7)
 February 2015  (8)
 January 2015  (7)
 December 2014  (7)
 November 2014  (6)
 October 2014  (11)
 September 2014  (8)
 August 2014  (8)
 July 2014  (10)
 June 2014  (8)
 May 2014  (9)
 April 2014  (6)
 March 2014  (8)
 February 2014  (8)
 January 2014  (11)
 December 2013  (6)
 November 2013  (8)
 October 2013  (10)
 September 2013  (7)
 August 2013  (10)
 July 2013  (8)
 June 2013  (8)
 May 2013  (10)
 April 2013  (9)
 March 2013  (11)
 February 2013  (10)
 January 2013  (11)
 December 2012  (9)
 November 2012  (15)
 October 2012  (4)
 September 2012  (4)
 August 2012  (3)





















 Ed Fitzpatrick, CFA
Head of US Rates




FOMC Statement & Potential Impact on Fixed Income
Posted on July 27, 2017
Following the Fed’s announcement, please see below for market views from the Global Fixed Income, Currency & Commodities Team (GFICC):
Consistent with our and the market’s expectations, the Federal Open Market Committee (the FOMC) left the Fed Funds rate unchanged, at 1.0%‐1.25%. The Fed’s only means of communication at this meeting was the typical FOMC Statement.
The FOMC used the July Statement to prepare the market for an official balance sheet announcement at the September meeting. By effectively “marking-to-market” recent economic developments and indicating that a change in the Fed’s reinvestment policy would be coming “relatively soon”, the Committee readied the market for the balance sheet run-off while leaving the prospects for additional rate hikes dependent on inflation data.
We can break the Committee’s statement into four parts:

Economic Assessment – the Committee upgraded its already positive assessment of both the labor market and the overall US economy. They also softened their assessment on inflation, acknowledging the persistent weakness in the data.
Outlook – the Committee kept the outlook unchanged and expects an eventual return of inflation to its 2% objective.
Forward Guidance –the Committee continued to describe future actions as ‘gradual’ and stressed their current policy stance was accommodative.
Balance Sheet – The statement indicated that a change in existing investment policy would be appropriate “relatively soon”.

There were no dissenters at the meeting.
Our view: 

The FOMC was fairly balanced reflecting a mark-to-market on the recent data. They are confident that the positive developments in the labor market and the broader economy will allow them to push ahead with balance sheet reductions later in the year. The Committee is waiting for signs that the recent soft patch in realized inflation is reversing before raising the policy rate for a 3rd time in 2017.
The Committee continues to favor a gradual approach to tightening policy as they juggle incoming information on inflation, growth, and fiscal policy, as well as the market’s reaction to balance sheet normalization. We view the balance sheet reinvestment plan laid out in the June addendum as essentially a “done deal”. Ideally, once the process starts in September, the balance sheet normalization will run on autopilot as a secondary tool while rate hikes will remain the primary tool of removing accommodation. Any additional changes to the Fed’s schedule for balance sheet shrinkage once it begins will likely only be made if economic conditions were to deteriorate materially.
Despite the recent weakness in inflation readings, future rate hikes are still warranted by the economic and labor market data. Fiscal policy initiatives will continue to play an increasingly important role in the FOMC’s decision-making process for the number of rate hikes the US economy can handle in 2018.
We expect the Fed will raise rates 1 more time in 2017. Improving global growth, expectations of fiscal expansion and regulatory reform will create an environment that is supportive of risk assets at the expense of Treasury yields, despite the coming contraction in global central bank liquidity. We expect that the reduction in global central bank liquidity will move into the market’s purview as the year progresses.  Inflation has remained stubbornly weak for the past 4 months but should return to a pace closer to the Fed’s longer-run target. This will allow 10-year yields to move higher through the remainder of 2017, toward our year-end target of 2.5 – 3%.

SHARE: Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
Twitter
Email
RSS


Posted in General,Investor Insights.Tags: Fed, Fitzpatrick, FOMC, policy, rates.
New07/27






 Andrew Norelli
Portfolio Manager, U.S. Macro Strategies




A “Structural Reform” for the Kids
Posted on July 20, 2017
The Group of 20’s stated goal is “strong, sustainable, balanced, and inclusive growth.” Amen to that.  The quality-of-life triple threat of low productivity, unfavorable demographics, and stifling income inequality would all be licked if the G20 achieves that goal.  The challenge of course is how to get there. Policy makers, economists, and the group itself all fall back on the tried-and-true prescription of “structural reforms.”  That catch-all phrase is prominent in their publications, but one usually has to dig deep to uncover the specifics of what, really, these folks are recommending. For the US, infrastructure investment, tax reform, and regulatory reform—to the extent they rigorously address inefficiency, productivity, or inequality—would all count.  Today, however, I want revisit in more detail a different proposal that I’ve discussed in the past, and expand on it with three key charts from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
In short, a wholesale change in the US approach to childcare could have a profoundly positive impact on growth and quality of life. The idea is unusual, in that it is motivated by two factors which are often in conflict but here are aligned: first, a clinical focus on key macroeconomic outcomes, and second, deferential attention to small-scale outcomes for human individuals which improve the opportunities, incentives, and quality of life for families in the economy.  The result could unlock significant gains in both productivity and hours worked, while at the same time counteract rising inequality—the three keys to sustainable and inclusive growth.
The United States government spends the second-least on preschool and childcare of the 32 individual countries plus the EU, measured as a whole, studied by the OECD:

When parents consider re-entering the workforce, childcare costs are a significant deterrent to doing so. For single parents, as well as the second earner in a two-parent household re-entering the workforce in the United States, the implicit tax rate is the fourth-worst in the OECD.  It totals some 80%+ of gross pay just for taxes, childcare, and benefit reductions:


The result is an inefficient system, where primary caregivers are compelled to provide in-home childcare in lieu of participating in the wider economy. The impediments persist as children grow and their care needs are only partially met by primary school, with summer holidays and significant portions of the traditional workday hours still not covered.  Parents are forced to accept jobs which can accommodate a certain schedule, rather than jobs which allow them to maximize their productivity, earnings, and participation in the economy.
If the United States treated childcare like public education, where every parent who wished could enroll their children in all-day, enriching childcare at little or no out-of-pocket cost, the economic benefits on both a macro and micro scale could be substantial:

Job creation: the many primary caregivers who are talented and passionate about the work could do it professionally (and this is a job that is not easily automated!). The infrastructure needs on an upfront and ongoing basis are also potentially significant, requiring skilled construction work, regardless whether the programs are publicly or privately administered.
Increased labor force participation and hours worked: the implicit “re-entry tax” would be removed as a serious disincentive to join the labor force and barrier to pursuing new skills training.
Increased productivity: individuals, as they see fit, can pursue jobs to maximize their quality of life, earnings, and contribution to the economy, at a level greater than the (purely monetary) cost of caring for 1.9 children per day, which is the average number of children under 18 in each household with children.
Decreased inequality: childcare is a benefit for all families, paid for by the existing progressive tax system.
The first four are dispassionate assessments of the raw 1st order macroeconomic effects, which would be critical to justifying the expense and helping pay for it over the short term, but there is a bigger issue at the heart of the proposal with longer-term implications. Providing all children with equal access to robust early childhood education, reliable care, and a structure through which other basic health and nutrition needs can be met efficiently and consistently will help strengthen the youngest generation of Americans. They are the future US economy.

Clearly any program like this, whether it’s done with physical structures, extensions of the public education system, or through vouchers and refundable tax credits would be costly. However, the realistic potential growth uplift outlined above allows “dynamic scoring” to be used with confidence for at least partial self-funding.  Dynamic scoring uses future growth expectations, realized in the form of higher tax revenues, to fund current expenditures.  The concept is frequently abused because growth forecasts are too optimistic, but in this case the pure economic effects are pretty simple.  Near term funding through progressive taxation can provide a plausible bridge to a period of sustainably higher and more inclusive growth.  Higher sustainable growth with less inequality allows a larger share of the economy to eventually make meaningful tax contributions.  The ability of the economy to sustain less progressivity in the tax code ought to be a “win” for both political parties.
Any structural reform which can plausibly create jobs, increase labor force participation, increase productivity, and reduce inequality would produce meaningful progress toward “strong, sustainable, balanced, and inclusive growth.” Reforming the childcare system could potentially do all of this, while encouraging participation and engagement in the economy by all parents who wish to do so.
SHARE: Facebook
LinkedIn
Google+
Twitter
Email
RSS


Posted in Investor Insights.Tags: education, Norelli, structural reform.
New07/20






China Bonds: Reinventing to global standards



 Jason Pang
Portfolio Manager, Asian Fixed Income


July 20, 2017
Read Post »



Digital assets and the tokenization of commodities



 Ebele Kemery
PM, Head of Energy Investing


 CN Chen
Quantitative Research Analyst


July 6, 2017
Read Post »



Bulls vs. Bears: Are Mortgages Cheap with a Tapering Fed?



 Andy Melchiorre, CFA
Portfolio Manager, U.S. Value Driven Team


June 29, 2017
Read Post »



The Tale of the Tail of High Yield



 Michael Schlembach
Portfolio Manager, Distressed and Total Return Credit


June 22, 2017
Read Post »



Not all Ultrashort is Created Equal



 AJ Nobile
Client Portfolio Manager, Short-Term Fixed Income


June 22, 2017
Read Post »



An Inadvertent Reprieve



 Andrew Norelli
Portfolio Manager, U.S. Macro Strategies


June 15, 2017
Read Post »

 

Older posts



Visit our Global Institutional website







NOT FOR RETAIL DISTRIBUTION: This communication has been prepared exclusively for institutional/wholesale/professional clients and qualified investors only as defined by local laws and regulations.  

The views contained herein are not to be taken as an advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any investment in any jurisdiction, nor is it a commitment from J.P. Morgan Asset Management or any of its subsidiaries to participate in any of the transactions mentioned herein. Any forecasts, figures, opinions or investment techniques and strategies set out are for information purposes only, based on certain assumptions and current market conditions and are subject to change without prior notice. All information presented herein is considered to be accurate at the time of writing, but no warranty of accuracy is given and no liability in respect of any error or omission is accepted. This material does not contain sufficient information to support an investment decision and it should not be relied upon by you in evaluating the merits of investing in any securities or products. In addition, users should make an independent assessment of the legal, regulatory, tax, credit, and accounting implications and determine, together with their own professional advisers, if any investment mentioned herein is believed to be suitable to their personal goals. Investors should ensure that they obtain all available relevant information before making any investment. It should be noted that investment involves risks, the value of investments and the income from them may fluctuate in accordance with market conditions and taxation agreements and investors may not get back the full amount invested. Both past performance and yield may not be a reliable guide to future performance.

J.P. Morgan Asset Management is the brand for the asset management business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and its affiliates worldwide. This communication is issued by the following entities: in the United Kingdom by JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority; in other EU jurisdictions by JPMorgan Asset Management (Europe) S.à r.l.; in Hong Kong by JF Asset Management Limited, or JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Asia) Limited; in India by JPMorgan Asset Management India Private Limited; in Singapore by JPMorgan Asset Management (Singapore) Limited, or JPMorgan Asset Management Real Assets (Singapore) Pte Ltd; in Taiwan by JPMorgan Asset Management (Taiwan) Limited; in Japan by JPMorgan Asset Management (Japan) Limited which is a member of the Investment Trusts Association, Japan, the Japan Investment Advisers Association, Type II Financial Instruments Firms Association and the Japan Securities Dealers Association and is regulated by the Financial Services Agency (registration number “Kanto Local Finance Bureau (Financial Instruments Firm) No. 330”); in Australia to wholesale clients only as defined in section 761A and 761G of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) by JPMorgan Asset Management (Australia) Limited (ABN 55143832080) (AFSL 376919); in Brazil by Banco J.P. Morgan S.A.; in Canada by JPMorgan Asset Management (Canada) Inc., and in the United States by JPMorgan Distribution Services Inc. and J.P. Morgan Institutional Investments, Inc., both members of FINRA/SIPC.; and J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc.

Copyright 2017 JPMorgan Chase & Co. All rights reserved.









Mutual Fund Investment | J.P. Morgan Asset Management











































Individual Investors


Financial Advisers










Australia
India
Japan
Korea
Singapore
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Rest of the world










中文






Investors may be subject to substantial losses or losing the entire investment. The investment decision is yours. You should not invest unless the intermediary who sells you the Fund has advised you that it is suitable for you and has explained how it is consistent with your investment objectives. Please refer to the Offering Document(s) for details.
Acceptance of the Terms of Use and Amendments 
You must read the following information before proceeding. It provides information on some of the laws and regulations applicable to this website. By accessing this website and any pages thereof, you acknowledge that you have read the following information and accept the terms and conditions set out below and on the relevant pages of this website, and agree to be bound by such terms and conditions. If you do not agree to such terms and conditions below, do not access this website, or any pages thereof. 
These Terms of Use are in addition to any other agreements between you and JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited (“we” or “us”), including any customer or account agreements, and any other agreements that govern your use of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's products, services, content, tools, and information available on this website. 
Your use of this website is governed by the version of the Terms of Use in effect on the date this website is accessed by you. The information contained in this website is current as at the date of publication but we reserve the right to change the website and the Terms of Use at any time without notice. If you use the website after the amended Terms of Use have been published, you will be deemed to have agreed to the Terms of Use, as amended. 
Additional Terms
Certain sections or pages on this website may contain separate terms and conditions, which are in addition to these Terms of Use. In the event of a conflict, the additional terms and conditions will govern for those sections or pages. 
Issuer of Website 
The information contained herein is issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission ("SFC"), which has authorised the funds mentioned herein (except those specifically referred to as funds which have not been authorised by the SFC). However, the SFC takes no responsibility for the soundness of the authorised unit trusts or mutual funds and does not imply that investment in them is recommended by the SFC. 
Authorised Users, Authorised Use and Online Account Access
Authorised Users 
None of the funds mentioned herein have been approved for sale or purchase by any authority outside Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China (“Hong Kong”). This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person's nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. Persons in respect of whom such prohibitions apply must not access this website. It is the responsibility of any persons who access the information contained herein to observe all applicable laws and regulations of their relevant jurisdiction. By proceeding, you are representing and warranting that the applicable laws and regulations of your jurisdiction allow you to access the information. 
Authorised Use - No solicitations 
The information contained in this website does not constitute a distribution, an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction outside Hong Kong. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States of America, Canada, Australia, Singapore, Malaysia, Korea and India, to or for the benefit of United States persons (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organised under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof) and persons of any of the aforesaid countries. Further, such information is not directed or targeted at persons in Singapore and may not be acted upon by persons in Singapore. 
Authorised Use - No investment recommendations or professional advice 
The information contained in this website does not constitute investment advice. An investment in funds mentioned in this website may not be suitable for all investors and if you are unclear about any of the information on this website, please consult your stock broker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser. 
While certain tools available on the website may provide general investment or financial analyses based upon your personalised input, such results are not to be construed as our providing investment recommendations or advice. Unless otherwise agreed by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited in writing, you alone are solely responsible for your investment decisions based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation. 
Online Account Access 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may grant you access to dealing facilities for use on this website (the “Site”) and other dealing facilities, such as telephone systems, personal data assistance devices and interactive response systems, that may be provided by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited from time to time (the Site and any such other dealing facilities together the “Dealing Facilities” and individually a “Dealing Facility”). 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited may issue you with a client identification number (“CIN”), personal identification number (“PIN”) and/or any other identification (“ID”) from time to time in order for you to access certain parts of this website or to use any other Dealing Facility. You are responsible for safeguarding any such CIN, PIN and/or ID. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall be entitled to assume that any person accessing such parts of the website or using any such other Dealing Facility with that CIN, PIN or ID is either yourself or someone authorised to act on behalf of you. 
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities occurring under your account or password that are due to your conduct, inaction, or negligence. If you disclose your account numbers, CINs, PINs, IDs, and/or passwords to any person(s) or entity, you assume all risks and losses associated with such disclosure. If you permit any other person(s) or entity to use your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords, or other means to access your accounts, you are responsible for any transactions and activities performed from your accounts and for any use of your personal and account information by such person(s) or entity. If you believe someone may attempt to use or has used your CINs, PINs, IDs, passwords without your permission, or that any other unauthorised use or security breach, loss or theft has occurred, you agree to immediately notify us. Prohibited Uses, Means of Access and Password Protected Areas 
Prohibited Uses Because all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people, you may not use the website in any manner that would damage or overburden any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server, or any network connected to any JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited server. You may not use the website in any manner that would interfere with any other party's use of the website. 
Means of Access 
This site is optimised for viewing with Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 6.0 SP1 or above) or Netscape Navigator (version 4.76 or above). Recommended screen resolution is 1024 x 768. Although you may use other means to access the website, be aware that the website may not appear accurately through other access methods, and you use them only at your own risk. You are responsible for setting the cache settings on your browsers to ensure that you are receiving the most recent data. Password Protected Areas 
In relation to accessing any password protected and/or any secure areas including access to any trade documentation relating to any dealing facilities utilised by you ("Trade Documentation"), you acknowledge and accept that (i) you may incur additional charges for utilising such service to access your Trade Documentation, (ii) we may notify you only through electronic means in respect of any of your dealing activities and the availability of your Trade Documentation and you shall be responsible for checking your designated electronic mailbox regularly for any such notice; (iii) you will be responsible for notifying us should you elect to no longer utilise any access to any password protected and/or any secure areas or receive electronic access to your Trade Documentation, and (iv) where your Trade Documentation is no longer available for electronic access, you may incur additional charges if hardcopies of such Trade Documentation is requested. 
Content and Downloading Disclaimers JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited believes that the information contained on the website is accurate as at the date of publication, however no warranty is made as to the accuracy, suitability, usefulness, reliability or completeness of any such information and no liability in respect of any errors or omissions (including any third party liability) is accepted by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates or any director or employee of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. The use of this website or any other Dealing Facility or any CIN or PIN, and the delivery (“Delivery”) of information or documents by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its agents through this website or any other Dealing Facility or via electronic mail or other modes of delivery, is at your own risk. No warranty is given that the content of this website and the Delivery (including any such information) will be error free or that this website or any servers that operate it or the Delivery are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. 
Reasonable precautions have been taken to ensure that website content, including account information and pricing data, are complete and accurate. However, due to the nature of information delivery technology and the necessity of using multiple data sources, including third party content, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is unable to assure the accuracy of the data you access through this website. Website content is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or other reasons. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has no duty to update this website or any website content. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited shall not be liable to you or any third party for any damages arising from any actions or investment decisions taken by you based on the accuracy (or otherwise) of the data presented through this website. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates and their directors and employees may or may not have a position in or with respect to the securities mentioned herein. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not warrant that the any downloads from this website will meet your needs or expectations, or be uninterrupted, secure or error free or that any files available for downloading through this website are free of computer viruses or other harmful components. You alone are responsible for ensuring adequate protection and backup of data, software, computer and other equipment is made and appropriate safeguard is in place to detect, prevent and eliminate computer viruses and other harmful effects. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates will not be responsible for any costs or expenses which may be incurred if your use of this website or the Delivery or downloads results in any servicing or replacement of property, material, equipment or data. 
Third Party Content Providers, Sites, Referrals, Hyperlink Policy and Disclaimers 
For informational or educational purposes, or as a service and convenience to you, this website may provide referral information, third party content or live links to a regulatory agency, non-profit organisation, or other unaffiliated third party and their websites, including companies that have a relationship with JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. Our decision to provide referral information to a third party or to pass on an offer made by a third party vendor or to provide a link from our website to a third party website is not an endorsement of the third party, their products or services, or their website accessed through any such links. We are not responsible for the opinions, ideas, products, information, or services offered at such sites. While we would generally only provide such information from, or links to, sources considered reliable, we do not conduct independent investigations and accordingly we make no representations or warranties, express or implied, as to third party products, services, content, tools, information and website, and do not guarantee their accuracy, timeliness, completeness, reliability, suitability or usefulness for any particular purpose as we have no control over the content on such non JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited websites. We advise and encourage you to do your own research and make your own assessment. 
Although third party content may be displayed, framed-in or provided in a pop-up box on the website, or available through a live link from our website to a third party website, JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited does not prepare, edit, guarantee or endorse, approve, recommend or introduce any third party content. By clicking on a link from our website to any third party website, you will leave this website (even if, for your convenience, a second browser window is opened). When viewing third party content through such a link, keep in mind that the third party's website terms and conditions, privacy and security policies, or other legal information may be different from those of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited website. We are not liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues, consequences, or damages arising from your use of any third party website or information provided by third party. We do not warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark, or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Your access, use and reliance upon such content, products or services is at your own risk. 
Limitation of Liability on System and Transmission over the Internet
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not liable for any event of Force Majeure, any virus or other harmful component affecting the website or any server that operates it, any interception of data or communications in connection with the public nature of the internet, any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software failure of any email or entry to be received on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet, telephone lines or at any website, or any combination thereof, including any loss of opportunities or profit arising from any time delay, system disruption or interruption, transmission blackout, delayed transmission or any incorrect data transmission, or any injury or damage to the computer or other electronic devices or property of any person accessing their website or any other person related to or resulting from accessing the websites or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party. 
JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents shall not be liable for any and all losses, injury (including special, indirect and consequential losses), damages, rights, claims and actions of any kind resulting from accessing or downloading any materials from the website of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or any third party, including without limitation, personal injuries, death and property damage. 
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR WHERE THE LAW REQUIRES A DIFFERENT STANDARD, WE SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE OR INJURY OR FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE SYSTEM, EQUIPMENT, BROWSER AND/OR THE INSTALLATION OR MAINTENANCE THEREOF, ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE WEBSITE, FAILURE OF ELECTRONIC OR MECHANICAL EQUIPMENT, THE INTERNET, THE SYSTEM, OR COMMUNICATION LINES, TELEPHONE OR OTHER INTERCONNECT PROBLEMS, BUGS, ERRORS, CONFIGURATION PROBLEMS OR INCOMPATIBILITY OF COMPUTER HARDWARE, SOFTWARE, THE INTERNET, OR THE SYSTEM, FAILURE OR UNAVAILABILITY OF INTERNET ACCESS, PROBLEMS WITH INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDERS, PROBLEMS OR DELAYS WITH INTERMEDIATE COMPUTER OR COMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR FACILITIES, PROBLEMS WITH DATA TRANSMISSION FACILITIES OR ANY OTHER PROBLEMS YOU EXPERIENCE DUE TO CAUSES BEYOND OUR CONTROL. 
Offering Documents and Investment RisksUnits or shares in funds mentioned on this website may only be bought and sold on the terms set out in the relevant explanatory memorandum or Hong Kong offering document, as applicable. Investments in emerging markets and smaller companies may involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Past performance is not a guide to future returns and investors should be aware that the value of units or shares and the income from them may fall as well as rise and they may not get back the full amount invested. Exchange rates may also cause the value of the underlying overseas investments to go up or down. Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers on the legal and tax implications of making an investment in, holding or disposing of any securities mentioned herein and the receipt of distributions with respect to such a fund. 
Copyright, Trademark, Logo, Patent, Intellectual and Other Property Rights
All copyright, trademark, logo, patent, intellectual and other property rights in the information contained herein is owned by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited or its affiliates. No rights of any kind are licensed or assigned or shall otherwise pass to persons accessing such information. Under no circumstances should information contained herein or any part of it be copied, reproduced or redistributed without JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited's express written consent. 
You acknowledge that content on the Site or otherwise available from JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited through any other Dealing Facility (“Content”) is subject to copyright and possibly other intellectual property rights (“IPRs”). Unless expressly permitted by law, the applicant shall not, and shall not permit any other person to, sell, modify, copy, reproduce, distribute, display or publish any Content which the applicant does not own or hold under licence or otherwise infringe the IPRs of any person in using the Site or any other Dealing Facility or any Content. 
The website or any other Dealing Facility may contain Content posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you and/or, in the case of the website, by other users of the website (“User Content”). JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited has the right to access and examine any User Content and may in its absolute discretion move, remove or disable access to User Content or cause the same to be done. You grant JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free licence to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, incorporate in other works, distribute and display any information posted, emailed or otherwise submitted by you, in whole or in part. Computer Equipment, Browser Access and Internet Services
You are responsible for obtaining, installing, maintaining and operating all software, hardware or other equipment (collectively, "System") necessary for you to access and use this website including specifically any password protected and/or secure areas. This responsibility includes, without limitation, your utilising up to date web-browsers and the best commercially available encryption, antivirus, anti-spyware, and internet security software. You are additionally responsible for obtaining Internet services via the Internet service provider of your choice, for any and all fees imposed by such Internet service provider and any associated communications service provider charges. You acknowledge that there are certain security, corruption, transmission error, and access availability risks associated with using open networks such as the Internet and electronic communication, you hereby expressly assume such risks, including, but not limited to those we may disclose in our materials. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the data security of the Systems used to access this website, and for the transmission and receipt of information using such Systems. You acknowledge that you have requested access to the website for your convenience, have made your own independent assessment of the adequacy of the Internet and Systems and that you are satisfied with that assessment. JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited is not responsible for any errors or problems that arise from the malfunction or failure of the Internet or your Systems nor are we responsible for notifying you of any upgrades, fixes, or enhancements to, or for providing technical or other support for your Systems. Although we may provide a link to a third party site where you may download software, we make no endorsement of any specific software, hardware or Internet Service Provider and your use of any such software, hardware or service may also be subject to the license or other agreements of that provider, in addition to these Terms of Use. 
Indemnification
As a condition of your use of this website, you agree to make JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and its third party providers whole for any and all claims, losses, liabilities and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from any use of this website or your violation of these Terms of Use. Governing Law 
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Hong Kong. 
You shall comply with all laws, rules and regulations by any governmental authority or agency which govern or apply to the operation and use of this website. These Terms of Use inures to the benefit of JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited, its successors and assigns. You may not assign these Terms of Use. No waiver to these Terms of Use shall be effective unless agreed in writing by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. 
Languages 
In case of discrepancies between the English and other language versions of these Terms of Use and content of this website, the English version shall prevail. 
Click the "Accept" button below if you have read,understood and agree to abide by the Terms of Use, otherwise, please click "Decline" to leave the website.






Accept
Decline




By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. The advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited and have not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong.Privacy Statement|Terms of Use|Website SecurityCopyright 2015 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.






Financial Advisers 


Open Account 
	
		
		 / About Us 
	
		
		 / Contact Us 
	
		
		 / Home 






      

 | 






Funds

Fund Highlights
Fund Centre
Fund Managers





Fund Performance

Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings





Our Views

J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index





Start Investment

How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide





Financial Planning

eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator





Retirement Services

ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre





Resource Library

Event Calendar
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms and Literatures










29 Jul 2017


















Daily Fund Prices
Fund Performance
Historical Fund Prices
Selected Portfolios
Fund Report
Useful Forms
















eRegistration











 



Reference Links


J.P. Morgan Asset Management
J.P. Morgan 


Download Acrobat Reader and Adobe Flash Player to view documents and charts in this site.








Spotlight



























News & View




					More..
				











					Market Bulletin - Monthly Market Review – July
				

			We are pleased to release this month’s market review, a summary of the factors driving global markets over the last month.
			





					Market Bulletin - Investing in a Rising Rate Environment
				

			This paper, written by Alexander Dryden, discusses the implications of the Fed raising interest rates over the next two years, the reduction in the balance sheet and how investors can prepare.
			









J.P. Morgan Fund-cast


More..































































Announcement

More..




Announcement of China International Fund Management Co., Ltd. (“CIFM”) on Change in Senior Management

		  
		  Jul 2017


Notice to Investors of CIFM China Multi-Assets Fund, CIFM China Emerging Power Fund and CIFM China Sector Rotation Fund

		  
		  Jul 2017












Top 5 funds


More..








JPMorgan Pacific Technology (acc) - USD



			
			43.9%
			




JPM US Technology A (dist) - USD



			
			39.4%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - RMB (hedged)



			
			36.2%
			




JPMorgan Asia Growth (acc) - USD



			
			33.4%
			




JPM Europe Technology A (dist) - EUR



			
			33.1%
			





Please refer to Minimum Performance Information.



































 

hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Promotion Banner/L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT
L00P30_G - Promotion Banner_DFT




hkec/en/L00_Home/L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT
L00P30_Download Acrobat Reader_DFT



















Show site index
Open Account  About Us  Contact Us






Funds
Fund HighlightsFund CentreFund Managers

Fund Performance
Daily Prices
Historical Prices
Fund Performance
Top Performing Funds
Fund Awards
Fund Ratings

Our Views
J.P. Morgan Fund-cast
News & Views
Investor Confidence Index

Start Investment
How to Get Started
Open Account
Selected Portfolios
Our Services
eTrading Privileges
Dealing Guide

Financial Planning
eScheduler
Plan for Retirement
Plan for Your Children
About Mutual Funds
Dollar Cost Averaging
Investment Calculator

Retirement Services
ORSO Services
MPF Services
Retirement Fund Centre

Resource Library
Promotions
Announcement
Press Centre
Forms & Literatures








By using this information, you confirm that you are a Hong Kong resident and you accept the Terms of Use as set out in http://www.jpmorganam.com.hk. Investment involves risk. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. Funds which are invested in emerging markets and smaller companies may also involve a higher degree of risk and are usually more sensitive to price movements. Please refer to the relevant offering document(s) for details, including the risk factors before investing. Investors should read carefully the fund notes before making any investment decisions. The above information does not constitute investment advice, or an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, investment product or service nor a distribution of information for any such purpose. Informational sources are considered reliable but you should conduct your own verification of information contained herein. This website and the advertisements contained herein are issued by JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. This website has not been reviewed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ("SFC"), with the exception of material relating to the JPMorgan Provident Plan that the SFC has pre-approved.
Privacy Statement|Terms of UseCopyright 2017 JPMorgan Funds (Asia) Limited. All rights reserved.


















 



















Home - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar

















JPM UK Equity Core Fund
                         


	Low-risk active exposure to the UK stock market. The fund aims to produce consistent returns from the UK stock market over time, while rigorously controlling risk through its benchmark-aware approach.


MORE ABOUT THE FUND


View all featured funds  




JPM US Equity Income Fund
                         

Taking an income approach to US equity pays dividends. By focusing on high quality, attractively valued companies with sustainable dividends, this fund provides an ideal way to share in the growth of the US stock market.



MORE ABOUT THE FUND


View all featured funds  




JPM Europe Dynamic (ex-UK) Fund
                         

Selecting the best that Europe has to offer. Our unconstrained fund invests in the most attractive value, quality and momentum stocks, which have driven long-term outperformance.



MORE ABOUT THE FUND


View all featured funds  




JPM Multi-Asset Income Fund
                         

                            Scour the world, find more yield. Using a flexible approach that seeks only the best income opportunities, this fund aims to provide investors with a consistent income stream and while generating capital growth.
                            

MORE ABOUT THE FUND


View all featured funds  




JPM Global Macro Opportunities Fund
                         


	Leveraging global macro themes to generate performance. This fund targets positive returns in various market conditions by capitalising on the opportunities created by economic trends within a risk-controlled framework.



MORE ABOUT THE FUND


View all featured funds  




Quick Links



Guide to the Markets  
Find a fund  
Fund Commentaries  
Think in Decades not Days  
The Weekly Brief  
Webconferences  




Our capabilities

Refresh your UK equity portfolio
                         


	Our UK equity range offers a wide choice of objectives and strategies, all based on our behavioural finance process.


REFRESH YOUR THINKING




The UK Edge
                         


	An online community brought to you by Money Marketing and Fund Strategy, in partnership with J.P. Morgan Asset Management.


JOIN THE UK EDGE 




The future of fixed income is anything but fixed
                         


	Share our insights to help you build stronger fixed income portfolios.


HARNESS THE P0WER OF OUR RESEARCH




Featured Market insights 
View all insights




Insights  

Guide to the Markets
                         


	The Guide to the Markets – and supporting suite of literature – illustrates an array of market and economic trends using compelling charts, providing the building blocks to support conversations with your clients.


Learn More




Market Insights
                         


	Our range of market bulletins, macroeconomic articles and webconferences are intended to provide you with the latest market information to make better informed investment decisions.


Learn More


 

Portfolio Insights
                         

                            Timely commentary, strategic perspectives and in-depth analysis from our investment teams to help guide your portfolio decisions.
                            

Learn More




IncomeIntelligence
                         

                            The ongoing search for income has been a major theme for investors. IncomeIntelligence has been designed to help you with your clients’ income needs.
                            

Learn More



















Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a filing on June 30, 2017


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology














        Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a filing on June 30, 2017    























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Jul 23, 2017                         - RelSci Data Update                

          Institutional Holdings Changes      




Background Information:


Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. »
MUAM-UK is an active, medium- to long-term manager that follows a value-based investment process, using momentum analysis to buyi and sell and proprietary quantitative screens to identify investment opportunities.The European Equity product range is divided into value, core, momentum, and market neutral styles.  The firm uses teamwork to generate a house view that is implemented across all portfolios.  They utilize a sector-based process to group stocks by MSCI sector definitions, aiming to add value through sector allocation and stock selection within each sector.  Company visits and conferences provide face-to-face contact with management.  The Sector Manager weights stocks relative to the MSCI Europe Index benchmark and makes the investment decision.The firm follows a value-oriented approach to US equity investment, using quantitative analysis, momentum measures and qualitative fundamental judgment to limit downside risk and optimize upside potential.  Portfolio holdings are continually monitored and issues are sold if valuation scoring declines below predetermined thresholds, unless strong indicators of positive momentum are present.




In The News:




                            Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Quest Diagnostics, Inc. in a filing on June 30, 2017                            


                            July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. in a filing on June 30, 2017                            


                            July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                        





                            Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Ross Stores Inc. in a filing on June 30, 2017                            


                            July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                        









Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. »
MUAM-UK is an active, medium- to long-term manager that follows a value-based investment process, using momentum analysis to buyi and sell and proprietary quantitative screens to identify investment opportunities.The European Equity product range is divided into value, core, momentum, and market neutral styles.  The firm uses teamwork to generate a house view that is implemented across all portfolios.  They utilize a sector-based process to group stocks by MSCI sector definitions, aiming to add value through sector allocation and stock selection within each sector.  Company visits and conferences provide face-to-face contact with management.  The Sector Manager weights stocks relative to the MSCI Europe Index benchmark and makes the investment decision.The firm follows a value-oriented approach to US equity investment, using quantitative analysis, momentum measures and qualitative fundamental judgment to limit downside risk and optimize upside potential.  Portfolio holdings are continually monitored and issues are sold if valuation scoring declines below predetermined thresholds, unless strong indicators of positive momentum are present.






In The News:




 


                                                    Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Quest Diagnostics, Inc. in a filing on June 30, 2017                                                





                                     July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. in a filing on June 30, 2017                                                





                                     July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                                





 


                                                    Mitsubishi UFJ Asset Management (UK) Ltd. disclosed a new stake in Ross Stores Inc. in a filing on June 30, 2017                                                





                                     July 23, 2017  •  RelSci                                















You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

























Insights App - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar




				Insights App
			


 

The J.P. Morgan Insights app
                         


	A powerful way for advisers to access and customise J.P. Morgan’s insights for their clients. The Insights app allows you to review audio commentary and talking points for each slide in our Guide to the Markets. You'll also find an ever-growing library of market bulletins, videos and portfolio discussions covering essential investment and retirement topics.

	Available to download on your iPad or Android device:



           
                 
Read our detailed user guide







Watch the Insights app video
                         


	Watch the Insights app ‘how to’ video to learn how to navigate the app and perform key functions.


 

 


 


Guide to the Markets
                         



		Inform your decisions using fully interactive content

		Educate yourself and your clients with our interactive Guide to the Markets, featuring audio commentary, talking points and related insights for each slide

		Engage with interactive audio commentary and video features

		Stay current with automatic data updates

		Explore conveniently organised content by theme, date and format

		Deepen your investment knowledge anywhere, anytime – even offline



Learn about the Guide to the Markets  







 Deliver customised presentations that engage your clients
                         


	Select slides from the Guide to the Markets, rearrange the order and present or email directly from your tablet to your clients, providing relevant content suitable for their needs.











Using the J.P. Morgan Insights app


Device set up and registration


Working online and offline


Closing down your session



Using the J.P. Morgan Insights app




Using the J.P. Morgan Insights app


Device set up and registration


Working online and offline


Closing down your session








	The Insights app allows you to review audio commentary and talking points for each slide in our Guide to the Markets – the industry's go-to source for market intelligence delivered through clear, thought-provoking charts and graphs.

	You'll also find an ever-growing library of white papers, market bulletins, videos and portfolio discussions covering essential investment perspectives that you can organise and share.




You can get the app for free on your iPad® and Android™ tablet – it’s available from the Apple and Google Play app stores. It operates on iPads® running iOS 7.1+ and Android™ tablets running 4.0.3+.


 


The app is publicly available and you do not need to register to use the basic functionality. However, certain content and features are only available after registration, after which you will receive log on details. These extra benefits include:


		Sharing

		Creating favourites

		Creating custom Guide to the Markets PDFs

Registration is available to:


		Financial advisors

		Advisory firms

		Institutional clients

		Institutional consultants






	You can use the app in both the UK and abroad as long as your tablet is connected to the internet.

	Even if you’re offline you can access all Guide to the Markets slides, favourites, folders and any other documents you've previously viewed while online. Videos and audios have to be added to Favourites or to the My Collections folder to be viewed offline.

	Whilst the app is open and connected to the internet, the app refreshes content every 15 minutes or upon launch. All the content in your Folders and Favourites will automatically update. On the Bench slides are updated quarterly, approximately 10 days after the Guide to the Market is released.

	If the app ever freezes while you’re using it, simply hard close it from the system tray. If that doesn't work, restart the device. After it restarts, tap the Insights app icon to resume.





	To log out of the app, tap on the "Settings" tab on the bottom of the screen, and then tap the "Log Out" button. You do not need to log out of the app after every session but if you do, you will need to log on again to access many of the features.

	The Insights app does not store any personal information.





Detailed user guide
                         

                            For more comprehensive information about getting the most out of the app, download our user guide:

User’s guide to key features and functions

















About us - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSEContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



About us
 


	What we believe in

	What makes J.P. Morgan Asset Management different from other investment managers?


		Team-based investment management using disciplined processes.

		Depth and breadth of expertise in every key asset class and market.

		New and ground-breaking ideas to widen clients’ investment opportunities.


	When you invest with J.P. Morgan Asset Management, you are teaming up with one of the largest and best-known names in investment management. We’re part of JPMorgan Chase & Co, which provides retail banking, investment banking and asset management services across the world. Our experience spans more than 150 years – a history that’s reflected in our expertise.

	Our clients

	Investors around the world — including private individuals, corporations, pension funds, foundations, government bodies and charities — entrust us to make their assets work harder. We look to offer expertise across every key investment class and every economic region — so whatever solution our clients need, we aim to deliver an investment strategy that can help.

	Breadth and depth of expertise

	We have expertise across every key asset class and investment market so we can offer clients the widest range of investment solutions. We dedicate investment teams to the ‘core’ asset classes of equities, bonds and money markets. To institutional and professional investors, we also offer ‘alternative’ investments such as hedge funds, real estate and managed currency.

	In short, we can offer a full spectrum of investment possibilities from conservative to specialist and ‘high-alpha’ strategies. So whether a client is risk-averse or willing to be more aggressive, we can deliver an investment solution that’s appropriate.

	Our business is asset management. Through our range of investment funds and segregated strategies, we help different types of investors to harness the potential of investment markets. In this way, we can help each client to make their assets work harder and help them to reach their financial goals more efficiently.

	Covering the world

	We believe that nothing beats local knowledge. So we have investment teams networked across more than 15 cities across the world, connected by investment hubs in London, New York, Tokyo and Hong Kong.

	As a result, our geographic coverage ranges from global funds to regional funds and specialist portfolios concentrating on a single market or sector. And by sharing information across world markets, we can find the best-in-class investment opportunities, wherever they may be.


About J.P. Morgan Asset ManagementAbout us
Corporate governance


Important information
The value of investments and the income from them can go down and up, and you may not get back as much as you paid in. Tax benefits and liabilities depend on individual circumstances and may change in the future. 
Past performance is not a guide to the future.




    Jpmorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited | United Kingdom | DueDil
    Search for a company or director
  Sign InSign InProductTeamsCustomersPlansAboutInternationalBlogHelpTalk to sales 020 3137 8490
    Product
  
    Teams
  
    Customers
  
    Plans
  
    About
  
    Contact DueDil
  
        Jpmorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited
    GB|ActiveReportAdd to ListKey InformationActivityNews & SocialPeopleLocationsDirectorsOwnershipGroupDocumentsFinancialsCredit RiskTurnover
                                          186.5M
                                                                                        GBP31.85%
                                          Net Assets
                                          672.4M
                                                                                        GBP15.38%
                                          Return on Capital Employed (%)
                                          14.5
                                                                                        %Debt to Capital (%)
                                          1.1
                                                                                        %DetailsCompany nameJpmorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) LimitedCompany number02218729Legal Entity Identifier549300X92048D8K1RR90
                                                         Source
                                  Company typePrivate limited with share capitalIncorporation date08 Feb 1988Type of accounts filingFull AccountsLatest annual returns
                            09 Jun 2017
                        Next annual returns due
                                23 Jun 2018
                                                                                            Latest annual accounts
                                    31 Dec 2016
                                Next annual accounts due
                                30 Sep 2018
                                                                                            SIC 2003
                                6523 — Other Financial Intermediation Not Elsewhere Classified
                            SIC 2007
                                64999 — Other Financial Service Activities, Except Insurance And Pension Funding, (Not Including Security Dealing On Own Account And Factoring) N.e.c.
                            Related names
                                                                    Guaranty Trust Company of New York,                                                                     House of Morgan,                                                                     Drexel Morgan &,                                                                     Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. of NY,                                                                     Guaranty Trust,                                                                     J. P. Morgan &,                                                                     J.P. Morgan Securities                                                            Websitehttp://www.jpmorgan.comSocial MediaRegistered Address25 Bank StreetCanary WharfLondonE14 5JPUnited KingdomTrading addresses and phone numbers
                            Find contact information in the Locations tab.
                        Go to LocationsDescription
            
                
        
    Jpmorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited was set up on 08 Feb 1988        has its registered office in London.
                Its current status is listed as "Active".     
                It currently has  4 directors.                        Jpmorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited
        has 9 subsidiaries.        RegulationFinancial Conduct Authority See the FCA status of any company. For Enterprise users only.
                        Cash52,135,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Liabilities7,492,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Net Assets672,384,000 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Current Assets423,473,984 GBPEnable JavaScript to view the graph.Registered NamesFromUntilPrevious Name30 Jun 2008PresentWidgets R Us Ltd01 Jun 197030 Jun 2008Widgets Were Us LtdRegistered NamesFind out if this company has traded using a different registered name.See sampleCompany characteristicsIndustry Keywords
                                        asset management
                                    
                                        commercial banking
                                    
                                        investment banking
                                    
                                        financial services
                                    
                                        banks
                                    
                                        banking
                                    
                                        global banking
                                    
                                        investment
                                    Size
                                    Large
                                
                                Turnover
                                (50M
                                to
                                500M)
                            Age
                                    Established
                                
                                20-50 years
                            Location
                                    E14
                                AboutChoose a DescriptionDueDil DescriptionWikipedia DescriptionCompanies House DescriptionHelp keep this company's profile up to date.Add a DescriptionWikipedia DescriptionJ.P. Morgan & Co. is a commercial and investment banking institution based in the United States founded by John Pierpont Morgan and commonly known as the House of Morgan or simply Morgan. The firm is a predecessor of three of the largest banking institutions in the United States and globally, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley, and Deutsche Bank (via Morgan, Grenfell & Co.), along with a hand in the formation of Drexel Burnham Lambert.Source article: J.P. Morgan & Co.Companies House DescriptionA holding company.LocationChoose an AddressRegistered addressTrading address25 Bank StreetCanary WharfLondonE14 5JPUnited Kingdom25 Bank StreetCanary WharfLondonE14 5JPUnited KingdomView mapView map
                                    Get rich data on the companies that matter to you.
                            
                                    DueDil provides company information to help businesses find opportunities and mitigate risk.
                            Make your business more agile and resilient today.View PlansLearn MoreGrow RevenueStreamline OnboardingMinimise RiskImprove Collaboration×