










 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












﻿

Company Profile








































 











 Add Company


Sign in with 
Sign in with 




















Add Company


Add Event


Sign in with 


Sign in with 


Android


iPhone









Companies
Events



 Company
 Events






















Message this company



Message the business




































Message this company


Message the business 













 Post your social media updates






































Network























































































Would you like BusinessVibes to send this message to similar companies in this industry?















Profile Visits

Prev. Visits :
Total :
Current :







Share and improve this company’s performance.
Boost this company’s visibility by sharing it with your contacts






About Company
Financial Details













 























































































































X

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free

Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free










*



*











Already a BusinessVibes member? Login




What kind of updates will I receive?
 Latest business listings as they become available
 Current trends that are making noise in your industry
 Reports and articles about your market pushed directly to you
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app


Access to full profiles can help you
 Instantly contact businesses directly
 Pursue and qualify leads for your business
 Research and find business offerings that you seek
 You will also receive early access to the BusinessVibes mobile app








X

We're glad that you're back. Simply Login and unlock full profile



Easy one click Login Don't worry, we never post without your permission.


- - - - - - - - Or - - - - - - - -
Already an active user? Login with your email



*



*
Forgot password?




New to BusinessVibes? Sign up






X


Receive updates from "Textiles" companies in "India" for free




























Already in BusinessVibes? Login




Access to open trade requests can help you
 Find products and services early
 Less Competition for trade requests
 More cost-effective than traditional trade requests







 














 






































Sunbeam Products. v. Wing Shing Products (Bvi) Ltd. – CourtListener.com














Toggle navigation













About
FAQ
Tour

Donate


Sign in / Register




From Free Law Project, a 501(c)(3) non-profit.









Opinions


RECAP Archive


Oral Arguments


Judges


Visualizations 



Gallery


SCOTUS Networks


New Network




Donate










Your Notes

                    (edit)
                     


                    (none)
                



Authorities (11)
This opinion cites:



                                Christianson v. Colt Industries Operating Corp., 486 U.S. 800 (1988)
                            



                                A.C. Aukerman Company v. R.L. Chaides Construction Co., 960 F.2d ...
                            



                                Holmes Group, Inc. v. Vornado Air Circulation Systems, Inc., 535 ...
                            



                                Minnesota Mining and Manufacturing Company v. Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics, ...
                            



                                Smithkline Diagnostics, Inc. v. Helena Laboratories Corporation, Defendant/cross-Appellant, 926 F.2d ...
                            




                        View All Authorities
                    



Share



 
        

 
        

 

        





Support FLP 

            CourtListener is a project of Free
            Law Project, a federally-recognized 501(c)(3) non-profit. We
            rely on donations for our financial security.
        
Please support our work with a donation.

Donate Now





Sunbeam Products. v. Wing Shing Products (Bvi) Ltd., 2004-1526 (Fed. Cir. 2005)





                        Sign in or register to save a favorite.
                    

(click to dismiss)



Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit

Filed:

                    August 24th, 2005
                    
                


Precedential Status:

                    Non-Precedential
                


Citations:

                    None known
                


Docket Number:

                    2004-1526
                



                        Download Original 




                                        Combined Opinion from
                                        our Backup
                                    




                                        Combined Opinion from
                                        the Court
                                    








                 NOTE: Pursuant to Fed. Cir. R. 47.6, this disposition
                   is not citable as precedent. It is a public record.


 United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit


                                     04-1526,-1537

                            SUNBEAM PRODUCTS, INC.,

                                                Plaintiff-Appellant,

                                           v.

                        WING SHING PRODUCTS (BVI) LTD.,

                                            Defendant-Cross Appellant.

                           ___________________________

                           DECIDED: August 24, 2005
                           ___________________________


Before RADER, BRYSON, and LINN, Circuit Judges.

BRYSON, Circuit Judge.

      Appellant Sunbeam Products, Inc., appeals from a decision of the United States

District Court for the Southern District of New York, 311 B.R. 378, affirming in part and

reversing in part a decision of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern

District of New York, 293 B.R. 586. Appellee Wing Shing Products (BVI) Ltd. cross-

appeals.1 We affirm.




      1
          The appellee is one of a family of companies under common ownership and
control. We refer to them collectively and individually as “Wing Shing.”
                                            l

      In June 1991, John Sham, the president of Wing Shing, approached Jerry

Blackwell, then a vice-president of Sunbeam’s predecessor, a company known as Mr.

Coffee. Mr. Sham offered to manufacture coffeemakers for Mr. Coffee, and he provided

Mr. Blackwell with sketches of a design for the proposed coffeemaker. In response to

questions from Mr. Blackwell, Mr. Sham provided a photograph of a wooden model of

the coffeemaker. Between August 1991 and early 1992, employees of Mr. Coffee had a

series of communications with representatives of Wing Shing regarding the coffeemaker

design. In the course of those communications, Mr. Coffee employees asked that the

design be changed by (1) eliminating grooves on the brew basket; (2) eliminating ridges

on the reservoir cover; (3) moving the power switch from the base to the left column; (4)

opening the brew basket from the left to right; (5) moving the water-level gauge from the

right column to the left column; (6) inserting a metal plate on the bottom of the base;

and (7) adding a shroud around the power switch. Wing Shing incorporated those

changes into the design, which became known as the “AD10” model design.

      On June 22, 1992, Mr. Coffee entered into an agreement with Wing Shing to

purchase AD10 model coffeemakers from Wing Shing.             The agreement contained

several clauses pertinent to this case. It provided that: (1) the agreement was to be

effective between January 7, 1992, and December 31, 1994; (2) “[a]ny and all existing

patent rights for the units or any of its component parts shall be the sole and exclusive

property and/or responsibility of Mr. Coffee”; and (3) the parties would negotiate patent

rights before applying for a patent on any jointly developed patentable items.




04-1526,-1537                               2
       After the execution of the agreement, Wing Shing began to supply coffeemakers

to Mr. Coffee. Unbeknownst to Mr. Coffee, on July 13, 1992, Mr. Sham filed a design

patent application for the design of the AD10 coffeemaker, listing himself as the sole

inventor. That patent issued on July 12, 1994, as U.S. Design Patent No. 348,585 (“the

’585 patent”). Wing Shing did not mark the AD10 coffeemakers as being covered by a

patent after the ’585 patent issued, however.

       In November 1994, Mr. Coffee informed Wing Shing that Simatelex Manufactory

Co., Ltd., was also producing the AD10 coffeemaker for Mr. Coffee. In March 1995,

Wing Shing sent a telefax message to Mr. Coffee, stating that it had no objection to Mr.

Coffee transferring the AD10 tooling to Simatelex. In that same telefax, Wing Shing

informed Mr. Coffee that it had a design patent on the AD10 and therefore that it was

entitled to sell the product to others. Although Wing Shing stated that the patent might

result in business conflicts with Mr. Coffee, it never explicitly stated that Mr. Coffee was

infringing the ’585 patent. Wing Shing later conceded in the course of litigation that the

March 1995 telefax did not constitute notice of infringement of the design patent.

       By 2000, Sunbeam had acquired Mr. Coffee and had dramatically reduced the

volume of AD10 coffeemakers it purchased from Wing Shing. Wing Shing then filed a

patent infringement claim against Simatelex. Although Sunbeam was in bankruptcy,

Wing Shing filed a motion for relief from the automatic stay in the Sunbeam bankruptcy

proceedings. In response, Sunbeam sought enforcement of the automatic stay and

commenced an adversary proceeding against Wing Shing in the bankruptcy court. In

that proceeding, Sunbeam contended that Sunbeam was the exclusive owner of the

’585 patent, had an indefinite exclusive license to market and sell the AD10




04-1526,-1537                                3
coffeemakers in certain markets, and had the right to choose any manufacturer to

supply the AD10 coffeemaker. The bankruptcy court denied Wing Shing’s motion to lift

the automatic stay and enjoined Wing Shing from pursuing the district court patent

infringement claim against Simatelex. In the adversary proceeding, Wing Shing filed an

answer to Sunbeam’s claims and counterclaimed, asking the bankruptcy court to enter

a judgment enjoining Sunbeam from infringing the ’585 patent and awarding Wing Shing

damages for past infringement. In a joint pretrial order, the parties stipulated to the

issues to be tried in that proceeding, which included the issue of joint inventorship.

       The bankruptcy court tried the case, including the issues to which the parties

stipulated in the pretrial order. At the conclusion of the trial, the court decided, inter alia,

that (1) Sunbeam was not a joint inventor of the ’585 patent; (2) Wing Shing was not

barred by the doctrine of equitable estoppel from pursuing its infringement claim; (3)

Wing Shing did not breach the agreement to negotiate patent rights, but even if it did,

Sunbeam was barred by the statute of limitations from pursuing that claim; (4) Wing

Shing was barred by the doctrine of laches from claiming damages for pre-suit

infringement; (5) Wing Shing did not give Sunbeam notice of infringement prior to filing

suit and for that reason as well was barred from claiming damages for pre-suit

infringement; and (6) Sunbeam was entitled to deduct certain expenses of its Mr. Coffee

line of products in calculating its profits on the products that incorporated the infringing

design.

       Sunbeam appealed to the district court from the first three rulings, and Wing

Shing cross-appealed from the other three. The district court affirmed the bankruptcy

court on all but two of the issues. The district court did not reach the laches issue, and




04-1526,-1537                                  4
it disagreed with the bankruptcy court as to the breach of contract issue, holding that

Wing Shing had breached the agreement requiring it to negotiate patent rights on jointly

developed patentable items. The court concluded, however, that even though Wing

Shing had breached the agreement, Sunbeam’s contract-based claim was barred by the

applicable statute of limitations.

                                             ll

       We first address whether we have jurisdiction over this appeal. Wing Shing

argues that we do not have jurisdiction because Sunbeam did not assert a joint

inventorship claim or a claim requiring resolution of a substantial question of patent law.

Sunbeam responds that jurisdiction in this court is proper because its complaint sought

a declaration from the court that it owned the ’585 patent or had an exclusive license

based on the “course of conduct” of the parties. Sunbeam alleged in its complaint that

the design in Wing Shing’s design patent “is the same as that contained in the Mr.

Coffee specifications.” Based on that allegation, it argues that the “course of conduct”

allegation incorporated a joint inventorship claim into the complaint. In the alternative,

Sunbeam maintains that the pretrial order, which clearly contemplated that the court

would resolve the joint inventorship question, had the effect of amending its complaint to

add a claim arising under the patent laws. Wing Shing counters that the pretrial order

did not in fact amend the complaint to include the issue of joint inventorship.

       This court has jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1295 when a district court had

subject matter jurisdiction under 28 U.S.C. § 1338(a). Holmes Group, Inc. v. Vornado

Air Circulation Sys., Inc., 535 U.S. 826, 829 (2002). Section 1338(a) provides subject-

matter jurisdiction if the complaint alleges a patent law claim or a claim that depends on




04-1526,-1537                                5
the resolution of a substantial question of patent law. Id. at 830; see also Christianson

v. Colt Indus. Operating Corp., 486 U.S. 800, 808 (1988). We agree with Wing Shing

that Sunbeam’s complaint by itself does not allege a patent law claim or a claim that

depends on the resolution of a substantial question of patent law. The complaint does

not even mention joint inventorship, but instead requests relief based on a contract

claim. The pretrial order, however, clearly identified the question whether Mr. Coffee

employees were joint inventors of the ’585 patent as an issue to be tried by the court.

Moreover, the pretrial order stated that “the pleadings shall be deemed amended” to the

extent necessary to allow Wing Shing to present its evidence at trial first. Thus, the

order, which contemplated that joint inventorship was one of the issues in dispute,

effectively amended Sunbeam’s complaint to the extent necessary to allow orderly

presentation of the stipulated issues.

       Under these circumstances, it is fair to interpret the pretrial order as

constructively amending the complaint to add the claim of joint inventorship. We have

held that a district court “effected a constructive amendment of the complaint” when

neither party objected to the district court adjudicating a joint inventorship claim that was

not effectively pleaded in the plaintiff’s complaint. Eli Lilly & Co. v. Aradigm Corp., 376
F.3d 1352, 1357 (Fed. Cir. 2004).        We have also held that “[f]or the purpose of

determining Federal Circuit jurisdiction, we do not differentiate between actual and

constructive amendments [to the complaint].” Chamberlain Group, Inc. v. Skylink Tech.,

Inc., 381 F.3d 1178, 1189 (Fed. Cir. 2004). Because we interpret the complaint, as

amended by the pretrial order, to raise the patent issue of joint inventorship, we hold

that we have jurisdiction to decide this appeal.




04-1526,-1537                                6
                                            lll

       With respect to the issue of joint inventorship, Sunbeam argues that because Mr.

Coffee’s employees suggested changes in the Wing Shing coffeemaker, they are joint

inventors of the ’585 patent as a matter of law. To support its argument, Sunbeam

relies on Pannu v. Iolab Corp., 155 F.3d 1344 (Fed. Cir. 1998), in which we stated that

“[b]ecause it is undisputed that the invention was conceived while Link and Pannu were

engaged in a collaborative enterprise and it is furthermore undisputed that Pannu

conceived significant aspects of the invention, Pannu is certainly at least a co-inventor.”

Id. at 1351. The bankruptcy court found, however, that “even if the Court was to give

weight to the overall appearance of the Design Patent, including the well-known

concepts and functional aspects proposed by Mr. Coffee, the Court finds that Mr.

Coffee’s contribution to the Design Patent was not significant in quality when measured

against the dimension of the full invention.”     The district court upheld that finding,

holding that the bankruptcy court, as fact-finder, was not clearly erroneous in concluding

that Mr. Coffee employees were not joint inventors, inasmuch as the patented design

was “substantially similar” to the original version submitted by Mr. Sham, and the

modified design did not contain any “inventive concept” that was absent from the

original.

       Sunbeam argues that the district court applied the wrong test when it ruled that

the “improved design must contain an inventive concept.” We disagree. In Hoop v.

Hoop, 279 F.3d 1004, 1007 (Fed. Cir. 2004), we stated that “minor differences between

the prior art and the new claim will not suffice” to make the person who suggested the

changes that resulted in the differences an inventor. We added that the differences




04-1526,-1537                               7
“must be substantial and not just superficial; the new design must contain an inventive

concept.”   Id.   The district court therefore did not err by employing the “inventive

concept” test. Furthermore, the bankruptcy court found that the Mr. Coffee employees’

contributions were not significant, considering the overall appearance of the

coffeemaker as well as the limited and mainly functional nature of the suggested

changes. In Hoop, we also articulated the ultimate test for design patent inventorship to

be “whether the second asserted invention is ‘substantially similar’ to the first.” Id.

(citations omitted). In particular, as a result of the changes to the design of an eagle-

shaped motorcycle fairing guard made by the party claiming inventorship, the new

fairing design had a noticeably different visual appearance. See id. at 1006 (Figures 1

and 3). In that case, we agreed with the trial court that the party claiming inventorship

was likely not an inventor because the new fairing design had “strong similarities” to the

drawings provided to that party by the inventor. Id. at 1008. In the present case, the

changes suggested by Mr. Coffee are no more significant than those made by the party

claiming inventorship in Hoop. Accordingly, we affirm the bankruptcy court’s ruling that

Mr. Coffee was not a joint inventor of the ’585 patent.

                                             lV

       Although the district court agreed with the bankruptcy court that the Mr. Coffee

employees were not joint inventors, it disagreed with the bankruptcy court’s finding that

the AD10 design was not “jointly developed” by Wing Shing, as that term was used in

the agreement. The district court therefore concluded that Wing Shing had breached its

contractual obligation to negotiate patent rights prior to filing a patent application on the

AD10. However, both courts held that the statute of limitations period began to run




04-1526,-1537                                8
when Wing Shing breached the contract by filing the ’585 patent application without first

negotiating patent rights with Sunbeam in July of 1992, and that it expired in 1998, at

least two years before this case was filed. Thus, both courts held that Sunbeam could

not prevail on its contract-based claim.

       Sunbeam now argues, for the first time on appeal, that equitable tolling should

suspend the running of the statute of limitations. Its argument, however, runs afoul of

the rule that arguments not made in the court whose order is under review are normally

considered waived. See, e.g., Caterpillar Inc. v. Sturman Indus., Inc., 387 F.3d 1358,

1368 (Fed. Cir. 2004). Sunbeam claims that it preserved the equitable tolling argument

by raising the issue in its “Reply Post-Trial Memorandum of Law” filed with the

bankruptcy court. The argument that Sunbeam points to, however, was not based on

equitable tolling, but instead was based on New York state law principles of claim

accrual.   Sunbeam argued that under New York law, a cause of action against a

patentee does not accrue when the patent application is filed, but only when ownership

of the patent is in dispute. Therefore, Sunbeam contended, “the earliest date upon

which Sunbeam’s cause of action accrued was [1995], and the statute of limitations did

not expire before Sunbeam filed the instant suit.”        The bankruptcy court rejected

Sunbeam’s accrual argument on the ground that the breach of contract claim in this

case was not tied to the dispute as to the patent’s ownership, but was based on Wing

Shing’s alleged failure to comply with its agreement to negotiate patent rights with Mr.

Coffee before filing a patent application.       That promise, the court explained, was

breached, if at all, on July 13, 1992, when Mr. Sham filed his patent application. The




04-1526,-1537                                9
argument to which Sunbeam directs us is not an equitable tolling argument, and it

therefore did not serve to preserve that issue for appeal.

         In a portion of the same brief before the bankruptcy court, Sunbeam made a

separate argument that Wing Shing’s “conduct and misrepresentations” caused

Sunbeam to fail to file its action in a timely fashion and that Wing Shing should therefore

be estopped from relying on the statute of limitations as a defense to the breach of

contract claim. The bankruptcy court, however, noted that Sunbeam conceded that it

was aware, or should have been aware, of the ’585 patent by March 1995 at the latest,

and that Sunbeam was therefore not prevented from filing a timely action for breach of

contract. Accordingly, the bankruptcy court rejected Sunbeam’s “estoppel” argument.

Sunbeam’s second argument is similar in some respects to the equitable tolling

argument that Sunbeam makes on appeal. It differs, however, in that the estoppel

doctrine invoked by Sunbeam before the bankruptcy court requires the plaintiff to show

that the action was brought within a reasonable time after the facts giving rise to the

estoppel ceased to be operational. See Simcuski v. Saeli, 377 N.E.2d 713, 717 (N.Y.

1978).       The bankruptcy court held that Sunbeam failed to meet that burden, and

Sunbeam has not challenged that finding on appeal.           The estoppel doctrine that

Sunbeam raised at trial is sufficiently distinct from the argument that Sunbeam now

presses upon us that we cannot agree with Sunbeam that the equitable tolling argument

was fairly presented to the trial court. We therefore decline to address the equitable

tolling argument that Sunbeam raises for the first time on appeal.2 Because we agree




         2
           We also decline to address Sunbeam’s equitable recoupment claim, which is
made for the first time on appeal.


04-1526,-1537                               10
with the bankruptcy court and the district court that the statute of limitations period had

expired by the time Sunbeam brought this action and because Sunbeam does not argue

that it could not reasonably have filed its breach of contract action between the time it

learned of the alleged breach (in 1995) and the time the limitations period expired (in

1998), we do not reach the question whether Sunbeam was a joint developer of the

AD10 or, if it was, whether Wing Shing breached its obligation to negotiate patent rights

prior to filing the ’585 patent application.

                                               V

       Sunbeam argues that Wing Shing should be equitably estopped from claiming

that Sunbeam infringed the ’585 patent, and that the bankruptcy court misapplied the

legal standards of equitable estoppel in this case. In order for an equitable estoppel

defense to bar a patent infringement claim, the alleged infringer must show that: (1) the

patentee led the alleged infringer to reasonably infer that the patentee would not

enforce its patent; (2) the alleged infringer relied on that conduct; and (3) the patentee

suffered material injury as a consequence of that reliance. A.C. Aukerman Co. v. R.L.

Chaides Constr. Co., 960 F.2d 1020, 1028 (Fed. Cir. 1992).

       Sunbeam complains that Wing Shing led it to believe that Wing Shing would not

enforce its patent and that it relied on that representation to its prejudice. Sunbeam

relies in particular on the March 1995 telefax in which Wing Shing stated the following,

in response to Mr. Coffee’s direction to transfer tooling for the AD10 to another

manufacturer: “[I]t’s a [sic] bad news to us. However, you own this tooling and we will

have no objection if you decide to do so. We feel very disappointed on [sic] your

suggestion. Our long term business relationship will then be hurt badly when it really




04-1526,-1537                                  11
happens. . . . However, the important point is that we have the product design patent of

AD10 and was being filed [sic]. That means, we can sell and we will sell the same

product to other customers in the same market.”

      Sunbeam contends that the March 1995 telefax lulled it into believing that Wing

Shing had no objection to Mr. Coffee transferring the production of the AD10 to another

manufacturer and that it would not thereafter seek to enforce its design patent, but at

most would seek to promote the design among Mr. Coffee’s competitors.                The

bankruptcy court, however, concluded that Mr. Coffee was not misled by that telefax

into believing that Wing Shing would not sue for patent infringement. The court alluded

to evidence, in the form of internal communications among Sunbeam officers noting that

Wing Shing owned the design patent for the AD10, that “[i]t likely WILL be an issue if we

part ways with them,” and that the design of the AD10 might have to be changed “to

avoid any patent issues. TDB [sic: to be determined?].” Based on that evidence, the

bankruptcy court concluded that “rather than being led to believe that Wing Shing was

not going to pursue an infringement claim, Sunbeam was in fact concerned that the

Design Patent might potentially become an issue of contention should Sunbeam cease

doing business with Wing Shing,” and that Sunbeam even considered reworking the

AD10 design to avoid a possible infringement claim. Accordingly, the bankruptcy court

concluded “that Sunbeam was not misled by Wing Shing’s conduct, and that Sunbeam

was aware of and had discussed internally the potential danger of a patent infringement

action being brought by Wing Shing at some future date.”

      The district court held that there was sufficient evidence to support the

bankruptcy court’s finding that “Wing Shing did not engage in conduct sufficiently




04-1526,-1537                              12
misleading for Sunbeam to reasonably infer that Wing Shing would not enforce its

patent rights.” With respect to the internal Mr. Coffee communications, the district court

noted that it was “clear from the opinion that the Bankruptcy Court found that Wing

Shing’s conduct, including the March 1995 fax from Wing Shing to Mr. Coffee, was not

misleading and, more specifically, that Sunbeam did not rely on and was not misled by

any such conduct.” Although the evidence on this point is subject to different possible

interpretations, we agree with the district court that the bankruptcy court, as fact-finder,

did not commit clear error in finding that Sunbeam was not misled into believing Wing

Shing would never enforce its patent and that the March 1995 telefax did not lead

Sunbeam to believe that Wing Shing would not look to enforce its patent at some point

in the future. Because equitable estoppel does not apply if the alleged infringer fails to

prove the existence of both misleading conduct and actual reliance on that conduct, we

uphold the district court’s ruling rejecting Sunbeam’s equitable estoppel defense.

                                            Vl

       Wing Shing appeals from the bankruptcy court’s ruling that its failure to provide

notice of infringement bars it from recovering damages for infringement prior to the date

suit was filed. The Patent Act provides that if a patentee does not mark the patented

article, the patentee cannot recover damages unless he shows that the infringer was

actually “notified of the infringement and continued to infringe thereafter.”      See 35

U.S.C. § 287(a); see also SRI Int’l, Inc. v. Advanced Tech. Labs., Inc., 127 F.3d 1462,

1470 (Fed. Cir. 1997). The purpose of the notice requirement is to ensure that the

accused infringer is aware of the patent during the period in which liability arises and

damages accrue. Id. Wing Shing neither marked its coffeemakers with the patent




04-1526,-1537                               13
number nor provided adequate notice to Sunbeam that it was infringing the ’585 patent.

Wing Shing argues that it gave Sunbeam notice of infringement at a trade show in 1996

when Mr. Sham allegedly told a Sunbeam employee that “we have the product design

patent and [Sunbeam] should not buy from anybody else, but should buy from us.” The

bankruptcy court rejected Mr. Sham’s uncorroborated testimony about that alleged

communication on credibility grounds. As the district court explained, the bankruptcy

court “was in the best position to judge the credibility of witnesses and determine

whether testimony was credible.” Like the district court, we decline to upset the trial

court’s credibility finding. We also agree with the district court that the bankruptcy court

“did not commit clear error in determining that Wing Shing failed to provide constructive

or actual notice to Sunbeam and, therefore, is precluded from the recovery of pre-suit

claims.” Because we hold that the notice issue disposes of Wing Shing’s claim for pre-

suit damages, we follow the same course as the district court and decline to address

whether the bankruptcy court erred in holding that the doctrine of laches also bars Wing

Shing from recovering pre-suit damages.

                                            Vll

       Finally, Wing Shing complains that the bankruptcy court erred in allowing

Sunbeam to deduct certain fixed costs, allocated to the sales of the AD10

coffeemakers, when calculating Sunbeam’s profits on the infringing units. The amount

of damages is a finding of fact reviewed under the clearly erroneous rule. Minn. Mining

& Mfg. Co. v. Johnson & Johnson Orthopaedics, Inc., 976 F.2d 1559, 1577 (Fed. Cir.

1992). However, certain subsidiary decisions, “such as choosing between reasonable

alternative accounting methods for determining profit margin” are discretionary with the




04-1526,-1537                               14
trial court and are reviewed under the abuse of discretion standard. Id.; SmithKline

Diagnostics, Inc. v. Helena Labs. Corp., 926 F.2d 1161, 1165 n.2 (Fed. Cir. 1991).

       In this case, the bankruptcy court found that some fixed costs were properly

attributable to the infringing coffeemakers and other fixed costs were not. In addition,

the court refused to deduct those fixed costs that the court concluded Sunbeam had

failed to show were related to the production of the infringing products. The court found

that the fixed costs that were deductible were “directly related to the AD Coffeemakers,

and that the AD Coffeemakers could not have been brought to market without them.”

While Wing Shing argues that the evidence did not justify the court’s conclusion that

those costs were related to the cost of selling the infringing units, Sunbeam introduced

some documentary and testimonial evidence about the various categories of expenses,

and the bankruptcy court analyzed the categories in question with care.

       Although the evidence available to the court on this issue was somewhat limited,

we nonetheless agree with the district court that there was sufficient evidence for the

bankruptcy court to make a reasonable determination of the costs associated with the

sale of the AD10 units. The court’s ruling on that issue was thus not clearly erroneous.

We also agree with the district court that the bankruptcy court made “reasonable

determinations as to what categories and portions of items should be included and what

costs should be deducted in calculating Sunbeam’s profit.” Thus, the bankruptcy court

did not abuse its discretion by employing a methodology that included certain cost items

that Wing Shing argues should not have been deducted in calculating Sunbeam’s profits

on the infringing products.

       Each party shall bear its own costs for this appeal.




04-1526,-1537                               15


















































JSOIN (BVI) Ltd. | ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database































    ICIJ · The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists
    
Projects
About ICIJ
Donate












Offshore Leaks Database
Tax haven secrecy revealed


The Panama Papers
Offshore Leaks
About this data
Download


















The Panama Papers
Offshore Leaks
About this data
Download


Sign up for updates
Donate
About ICIJ
Previous investigations
icij.org
publicintegrity.org



Support us



Offshore Leaks Database Reading List

The Panama Papers
Offshore Leaks
About this data
Download














Search by country
People, companies and addresses connected to offshore entities


Search by jurisdiction
Offshore companies and trusts






To search, enter a term in the box. Leave it blank and select a country or jurisdiction to see a full list of names.










Entity
JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.


Use the following code to embed this page and its visualization in your website. Width and height will adapt automatically.

      





Connected to 1 address
Connected to 1 intermediary



 Incorporated: 23-OCT-2007  

 Status: Active
 Registered in: Undetermined
 Linked countries: British Virgin Islands, United States




 Data from: Offshore Leaks
 Agent: Commonwealth Trust Limited
 The Offshore Leaks data is current through 2010
 Search in 
 Got a tip? Help ICIJ investigate: contact us or leak to us securely


































Database powered by Neo4j. What is it?




        Connections
        


What do these terms mean?


Intermediary




Status
Data From


International Business Company Formation Inc.
-
Offshore Leaks






Address




Data From


International Business Company Formation Inc. 101 Main Street Suite One Tappan, New York  10983 USA
Offshore Leaks













About this database
This ICIJ database contains information on almost 500,000 offshore entities that are part of the Panama Papers, the Offshore Leaks and the Bahamas Leaks investigations. The data covers nearly 40 years up to early 2016 and links to people and companies in more than 200 countries and territories.

About this data
Data sources
How to use this database
About ICIJ
Credits



Disclaimer
There are legitimate uses for offshore companies and trusts. We do not intend to suggest or imply that any persons, companies or other entities included in the ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database have broken the law or otherwise acted improperly. Many people and entities have the same or similar names. We suggest you confirm the identities of any individuals or entities located in the database based on addresses or other identifiable information. If you find an error in the database please get in touch with us.


Download data
The ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database is licensed under the Open Database License and contents under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license. Always cite the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists when using this data. You can download a raw copy of the database here.


Support us
Help ICIJ investigate






Please read the statement below before searching
There are legitimate uses for offshore companies and trusts. We do not intend to suggest or imply that any persons, companies or other entities included in the ICIJ Offshore Leaks Database have broken the law or otherwise acted improperly. Many people and entities have the same or similar names. We suggest you confirm the identities of any individuals or entities located in the database based on addresses or other identifiable information. If you find an error in the database please get in touch with us.






        I have read and understood the terms
      

Please accept the terms to continue



Please help us continue our work
ICIJ is an independent nonprofit news organization that brings journalists together to collaborate on critical in-depth global investigations

    We depend on the generous support of readers like you to help us expose corruption and hold the powerful to account
  

Donate now



Help spread the word
Share this story with your network

 Tweet
 Facebook
 Linkedin
 Email





Find this content interesting and worth supporting?
Donate to ICIJ. Help us continue investigating important global issues. Gifts made today will be matched up to $10,000.

Donate now


Donate now







JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg







































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:43 AM ET

Company Overview of JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
JSOIN (BVI) Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
JSOIN (BVI) Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JSOIN (BVI) Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 29, 2017 3:43 AM ET

Company Overview of JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



Drake ChambersRoad TownPO Box 3321Tortola,  British Virgin Islands










Key Executives for JSOIN (BVI) Ltd.


JSOIN (BVI) Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 123Jump.Com, Ltd. Americas 1957 & Co. (KTS) Limited Americas 25022011 Ltd. Americas 2K Industries (The British Virgin Islands) Americas 5 Elements Energy Efficiency Ltd. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact JSOIN (BVI) Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























BVI company: Offshore BVI companies and British Virgin Islands company (IBC) description



















 MENU


About us 
Our services 

BVI Offshore Companies
Bank Accounts
Company Management
Virtual Office
Mutual Fund Registration
Other Jurisdictions



Fees
Order 

How to register
Order form


Useful 

Knowledge Base
FAQ
Terms and Conditions
Downloads


Contact Us

Contact info










About us 
Our services 


BVI Offshore Companies
Bank Accounts
Company Management
Virtual Office
Mutual Fund Registration
Other Jurisdictions



Fees
Order 


How to register
Order form


Useful 


Knowledge Base
FAQ
Terms and Conditions
Downloads


Contact Us


Contact info



 






Sitemap


Offshore companies
				from the source British Virgin Islands (BVI)






BVI Offshore Companies
How to Register?
Fees
Ready-made Companies
Order Now
Company Management
Bank Accounts
Virtual Office
Mutual Fund Registration
Other Jurisdictions

Offshore Knowledge Base
Downloads
Terms & Conditions
Questions (F.A.Q)
About Us


Contact Us
 Contact Form
Tel: + 1 284 494 8945
Fax: + 1 284 494 8789












BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS BUSINESS COMPANY (BVI BC)
IBC - an International Business Company - is the most commonly used official name for what is more popularly known as an "offshore company". IBC's are the basic building blocks of the offshore financial services industry.
Essentially, a modern IBC is a private corporation which is exempt from tax, suitable for virtually any international business activity, has a flexible organizational structure, is not burdened by excessive reporting and record-keeping requirements, and maintains strict confidentiality provisions.
Since the adoption of the British Virgin Islands International Business Companies Ordinance in 1984, the BVI IBC has attained a model status in the offshore services industry. With more than 600,000 total incorporations and more than 5000 new companies registered every month, BVI is by far the most popular offshore tax haven. Such is the dominance of the British Virgin Islands as an offshore corporate domicile, that in many regions of the Far East International Business Companies are called simply as "BVI's".
In January 1, 2005 a brand-new version of the BVI Business Companies Act came into force. The new Act represents a further development in the already outstanding BVI offshore corporate legislation. The new law successfully addresses the challenges faced by the offshore financial industry in the 21st century, in particular the pressures against 'illegal discrimination' between domestic and offshore companies. Thus the new BVI Business Companies Act removes any former distinction between a local company (operating in the domestic market) and an offshore company (restricted only to international business). According to the new Act, there is now only one, unified type of company - a BVI Business Company, which continues to be exempt from tax and continues to enjoy all the substantial benefits afforded by the previous legislation.
The Chief Minister of the BVI, Dr. the Hon. D. Orlando Smith, said at the announcement of the new legislation: "The new BVI Business Companies Act was designed to safeguard the attributes that have made the BVI the world's premier offshore company domicile. The collaborative effort to draft this new Act has resulted in legislation that not only retains all the virtues of the current IBC Act, but makes the BVI even more attractive to clients by including new features that have become desirable since the enactment of the current Act."
A full text of the consolidated BVI Business Companies Act is available in our "Downloads" section.
CORNERSTONES OF SUCCESS
These are some of the general advantages of the British Virgin Islands over many other offshore financial centres:
US dollar is the official currency in the BVI - therefore, by definition, there can be no currency controls and no artificial manipulation of money supply by the local government.
BVI are a British Overseas Territory, which provides for an outstanding political stability. The country also maintains a low international profile and a clean reputation, thus avoiding the pitfalls experienced by some more publicised and less scrupulous offshore tax havens.
BVI has an independent judicial system based on English Common Law. Laws and regulations are routinely developed in consultation with the private sector. Offshore financial services sector contributes a very significant part to the country's gross domestic product. Therefore, an inherent and pronounced interest exists both with the government and with the general public to maintain and develop the country's status as a competitive offshore financial centre.
BVI is an independent country with a fairly high standard of living. Therefore, it avoided entering any information-sharing agreements with foreign countries or organizations for exchange of financial aid. Client confidentiality is robustly enshrined in the BVI corporate and business legislation.
BVI is easily accessible by sea and air, has modern telecommunications and is on US Eastern Standard Time (1 hour behind EST in winters).
THE MOST IMPORTANT CHARACTERISTICS OF A BVI BC IN DETAIL
Exemption from tax
A BVI Business Company is exempt from the BVI income tax, the same exemption applies to all dividends, interest, rents, royalties, compensations and other amounts paid by a company, and all capital gains realised with respect to any shares, debt obligations or other securities of the company. No estate, inheritance, succession or gift tax is payable with respect to any shares, debt obligations or other securities of a BVI BC. All transactions and instruments relating to transfers of any type of property of assets, shares, debt obligations or securities to or by a BVI BC are exempt from the stamp duty, with a sole exception for land-ownership transactions in the British Virgin Islands, in which case stamp duty remains payable.
Legal personality
A British Virgin Islands Business Company has separate legal personality and the same powers as a natural person.
Secrecy
Confidentiality is one of the key features of the BVI Business Company as details of the company beneficial owners, directors and shareholders are NOT part of public record. Register of Members, Register of Directors and all Minutes and Resolutions by the Company are kept only at the offices of the Registered Agent in complete confidentiality. Certainly, though, these files are available for inspection to Company shareholders.
The only documents held on public record are the Memorandum and Articles of Association, but these normally do not contain any indication as to the actual shareholders, directors or the beneficial owners of the company.
At the same time, if the owners of the company so wish, the Register of Directors and/or the Register of Members may be filed with the Registrar of Companies. Such step may be desirable if a complete certainly must be achieved and showed publicly as to the actual identities of the Company managers or members - but, again, this is purely optional.
Structural flexibility
A BVI Business Company requires a minimum of only one owner, one shareholder, and one director. All of them can be one and the same person. Apart from the director, the company need not appoint any operating officers. The management structure of the BVI Business Company may be designed in accordance with the widest variety of requirements.
The shareholders, directors and officers of a BVI Business Company may be individuals or corporations and of any nationality. The shareholder's or director's meetings need not be held in the British Virgin Islands and there is no requirement for an Annual General Meeting.
Meetings can be held by telephone or other electronic means; alternatively, directors as well as shareholders may vote by proxy.
Where a Business Company has only one member who is an individual and that member is also the sole director, such sole member / director may specifically appoint a reserve director to act in his place in the event of his death.
Provisions against confiscation
If a foreign Government or authority seizes Company shares, or any other interest in the Company in connection with nationalization, expropriation, confiscatory tax, other governmental charge or with a similar cause the Company or a shareholder may apply to the BVI court for an order that the Company disregard the seizure and continue to treat the person from whom the shares were seized as continuing to hold the shares.
No reporting
BVI Business Companies does not have an obligation to prepare of file financial accounts. However, records must be kept that are sufficient to show and explain the Company's transactions; and will, at any time, enable the financial position of the Company to be determined with reasonable accuracy. Such records do not have to be kept in the British Virgin Islands and the location for keeping such records can be freely determined by the owners of the Company, and there is no requirement whatsoever to file or otherwise make public any commercial or financial records of the Company.
Bearer shares
Shares of a BVI Business Company may be issued in bearer form. However the bearer shares may not be issued to their actual owner but may only be kept in custody of a licensed custodian in the BVI, or with such custodian outside BVI, together with a written indication as to the actual identity and address of the owner of such shares. The schedule of Government fees for BVI Business Companies contains a clear negative incentive against utilising bearer shares in the structuring of the Business Companies, as the Government fees for such companies will be considerably higher.
Various types of incorporations
A BVI Business Company may be incorporated as a company limited by shares, a company limited by guarantee (with or without authorisation to issue shares), an unlimited company (with or without authorisation to issue shares), a segregated portfolio company and a restricted purpose company.
No requirement to state operational objects
Since 2005, there is no requirement to specify the operational objects of the BVI Business Company in the foundation documents of the Company (Memorandum and Articles of Association). However, the company may choose to do so and, indeed, a specific type of a "restricted purpose company" is envisaged by the Business Companies Act.
Company names
A BVI Business Company may not be registered under a name that is identical to the name of an existing BVI company, or is so similar to the name of an existing BVI Company, that, in the opinion of the Registrar, such name would be likely to confuse or mislead. As the BVI Registrar of Companies has a name-reservation system, a reserved name would also be considered as an already existing name.
Without obtaining a prior written consent of the Financial Servies Commission, a BVI Business Company may not be registered under a name that contains a "restricted" word or phrase (according to a published list of such restrictions) - such as the words "Assurance", "Bank", "Building Society", "Chamber of Commerce", "Chartered", "Cooperative", "Imperial", "Municipal", "Royal", "Trust" or any word conveying a similar meaning, as well as any name suggesting the patronage of the British Royalty, British, BVI or any other government or its department.
The Registrar may also refuse the registration of any particular name if, in the opinion of the Registrar, such name is offensive or, for any other reason, objectionable.
The name-endings denoting the type of company
The name of a limited company, shall end with the word "Limited", "Corporation" or "Incorporated"; the words "Societe Anonyme" or "Sociedad Anonima"; the abbreviation "Ltd", "Corp", "Inc" or "S.A."; or such other word or words, or abbreviations thereof.
The name of an unlimited company shall end with the word "Unlimited" or the abbreviation "Unltd".
The name of a restricted purposes company shall end with the phrase "(SPV) Limited" or the phrase "(SPV) Ltd".
The name of a segregated portfolio company shall end with one of the phrases "Segregated Portfolio Company Limited"; "Segregated Portfolio Company Ltd"; "SPC Limited"; "SPC Ltd"; or, in the case of a segregated portfolio company that is a restricted purposes company, one of the phrases specified in this paragraph with "(SPV)" inserted immediately before that phrase or immediately before "Limited" or "Ltd".
Quite uniquely for BVI, the name of a BVI Business Company may comprise the expression "BVI Company Number" followed by its company number in figures and the ending required, as specified above - for instance "BVI Company Number 987654 Ltd". A company name expressed in such fashion may also contain additional foreign characters between the company number and the ending.
Appointment of Agents
The directors of a BVI Business Company may appoint any person (including an existing director), to be an agent of the Company. Subject to the Memorandum and Articles of Association such agent has such powers and authority as the directors may prescribe, except that no agent shall have no authority to amend the Memorandum or Articles; to appoint directors or agents; to approve a plan of merger, consolidation or arrangement; or to make a declaration of solvency or approve a liquidation plan.
Fixed Government fee
A BVI Business Company must pay the following annual license fees to the BVI Government:
FOR COMPANIES WITH REGISTERED SHARES ONLY:
USD 350 for Company with up to 50,000 shares, with or without par value.
USD 350 for Company limited by a guarantee or an unlimited company without shares.
USD 1100 for Company with more than 50,000 shares, with or without par value.
USD 5000 for a Restricted Purposes Company.
FOR COMPANIES WITH, OR AUTHORIZED TO ISSUE BEARER SHARES:
USD 800 for Company with up to 50,000 shares, if all bearer shares are kept with a BVI Custodian.
USD 1100 for Company with more than 50,000 shares, if all bearer shares are kept with a BVI Custodian.
USD 1100 for Company with up to 50,000 shares, if some of the bearer shares are not kept with a BVI Custodian.
USD 1350 for Company with more than 50,000 shares, if some of the bearer shares are not kept with a BVI Custodian.
(Apart from these Government fees, Registered Agent and Address fees will normally be payable, as well as another professional fees for Company Management and Administration. These are set forth in full detail in our Schedule of Fees.)
A SHORTLIST: MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE BVI BUSINESS COMPANY

FactorDescription
Income tax in BVINone
Conduct business internationallyYes
Conduct business within BVIYes
Formally considered as resident in BVIYes
Official language / language of documentsEnglish
Operational objectsNo requirement to specify
Authorized capitalNot required as a concept
Minimum paid-up capitalNo specific requirements
Considerations to the capitalIn any currency or in kind
Most effective number of shares(maximum amount at minimum state fee)50,000 shares (with or without par value)
Bearer sharesYes (but to be held by a custodian only)
Registered Agent in BVIRequired
Registered Address in BVIRequired
Minimum number of directorsOne
Non-resident directorsAllowed
Corporate directorsAllowed
Register of DirectorsTo be kept by the Registered Agent
Register of Directors filed with the Registry of Corporate AffairsYes
Minimum number of Members (shareholders)One
Register of MembersTo be kept by the Registered Agent
Register of Members filed for public recordNo
Holding of Annual General MeetingNot required
Convention of Meetings of Directors / MembersAnywhere in the world, also by proxy
Corporate SealMandatory
Imprint of Corporate SealTo be kept by the Registered Agent
Corporate Minutes and ResolutionsTo be kept by the Registered Agent
Disclosure of beneficial owners to RegistrarNo

Disclosure of beneficial owners to AgentYes (confidential due diligence)
Keeping of accountstInternally, only to enable a reasonably accurate determination of financial position
Auditing of accountsNot required
Filing of accountsNot required
Double-tax avoidance treatiesSwitzerland, Japan
Currency controls / restrictionsNone
  
Available special types of companyRestricted purpose companySegregated portfolio company
Redomicile a foreign company into BVIYes
Redomicile a BVI company abroadYes
  
Net time to incorporate3-5 days
Ready-made (shelf) companiesAvailable

 






Order Now
Other Jurisdictions
Intermediaries

Contact Us















 SECGems: JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
21















←


 1 


→



 Filings:    (1 of 20 - Total: 21)









		
			May 15, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-17-000011.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2017 
			












		
			Feb. 14, 2017 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-17-000005.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2016 
			












		
			Nov. 15, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-16-000039.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2016 
			












		
			Aug. 15, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-16-000032.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2016 
			












		
			May 17, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Managers

 Jane Street Capital, LLC 


 Jane Street Options, LLC 


 Jane Street Global Trading, LLC 


 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-HR
			




 
					0001595888-16-000020.nc
				

 
					XML (2) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Holdings report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2016 
			

				Filing contains 
			


					4,290
				 
				 rows of securities
			

				Total Value 
			


 
					17.8 billion
				













		
			May 17, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-16-000024.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2016 
			












		
			Feb. 17, 2016 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-16-000018.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2015 
			












		
			Nov. 16, 2015 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-15-000003.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2015 
			












		
			Aug. 14, 2015 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-15-000002.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2015 
			












		
			May 11, 2015 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001595888-15-000008.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2015 
			












		
			Feb. 17, 2015 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-15-000001.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2014 
			












		
			Nov. 14, 2014 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-14-000004.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2014 
			












		
			Aug. 14, 2014 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-14-000003.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2014 
			












		
			May 15, 2014 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 JANE STREET GROUP, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-14-000002.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2014 
			












		
			Feb. 14, 2014 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 Jane Street Holding, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-14-000001.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2013 
			












		
			Nov. 15, 2013 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 Jane Street Holding, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-13-000008.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2013 
			












		
			Aug. 15, 2013 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 

Managers

 Jane Street Holding, LLC 

Signed By

 Richard Emmet






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001450698-13-000006.nc
				

 
					XML (1) 
				





					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				June 30, 2013 
			












		
			May 15, 2013 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001330294-13-000010.nc
				






					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				March 31, 2013 
			












		
			Feb. 14, 2013 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001556329-13-000001.nc
				






					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Dec. 31, 2012 
			












		
			Nov. 15, 2012 .
		
	

Filer

 JSOIN (BVI), Ltd. 






		Preview. 
	

 
			View filing ...
		






				13F-NT
			




 
					0001330294-12-000018.nc
				






					Initial Quarterly Form 13F Notice Report filed by institutional managers
				






				Period ending 
			

				Sept. 30, 2012 
			









 





db
 
 











































JSOIN (BVI), LTD. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      JSOIN (BVI), LTD.
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Jsoin (bvi), Ltd. is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from JSOIN (BVI), LTD., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




jsoin (bvi), ltd.


250 VESEY STREET

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10281


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      212-651-6069







Recent SEC Filings




13F-NT filed on 05/15/2017
13F-NT filed on 02/14/2017
13F-NT filed on 11/15/2016
13F-NT filed on 08/15/2016
13F-NT filed on 05/17/2016
13F-NT filed on 02/17/2016
13F-NT filed on 11/16/2015
13F-NT filed on 08/14/2015
13F-NT filed on 05/11/2015
13F-NT filed on 02/17/2015







Parent/ Related Companies







JANE STREET HOLDING, LLC

















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















