


Andrea Jung - Wikipedia






















 






Andrea Jung

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Andrea Jung



Andrea Jung (far right) with Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, and Hillary Clinton at the International Women of Courage Awards, 10 March 2010.



Born
1959 (age 57–58)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Nationality
Canadian-American


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A.)


Occupation
President & CEO of Grameen America


Spouse(s)
Michael Gould (divorced)


Children
2


Andrea Jung (鍾彬嫻, pinyin: Zhōng Bīnxián, jyutping: zung1 ban1 haa4) (born 1958)[1][2] is a Canadian-American executive, non-profit leader, and prominent women's-issues supporter. In April, 2014, she became President and CEO of Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization founded by Nobel Peace Prize winner, Muhammad Yunus.[3] Grameen is the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States, providing the largest number of microfinance loans to individuals and small businesses.[4] From 1999 until 2012, she served as the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products, Inc., a multi-level marketing company. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.
Jung received the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership of Avon Foundation for Women and other public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world.[5]
After resigning her CEO role at Avon, Jung continued as chair of Avon’s board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to Avon’s board through April, 2014.[6][7]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career
3 Boards
4 Personal
5 References
6 External links



Early life[edit]
Jung was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1959[8] and raised in Wellesley, Massachusetts.[9] As a child, she studied the piano and took lessons in Mandarin on Saturday mornings.[10]
Her mother is a Shanghai-born amateur pianist. Jung's father is a Hong Kong-born retired architect, formerly a partner at TRO Jung Brannen, who also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Jung is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University and is fluent in Mandarin.[11] Her brother, Mark Jung, also graduated from Princeton University and went on to become co-founder and CEO of IGN which he continued to run after its acquisition by NewsCorp.[12]
Career[edit]
Jung was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus, responsible for all of women’s apparel, accessories, and cosmetics.[9] Before that, she was senior vice president, general merchandising manager, for I. Magnin.[13]
Jung joined Avon Products, Inc. in 1994 as the company's president in its product marketing group. She became president of global marketing in 1996 and executive vice president/president of global marketing and new business in 1997. Her responsibilities at that time centered primarily around market research, joint ventures and strategic planning. She then became president and chief operating officer, with responsibility for all business units of Avon worldwide. She has been on the company's board of directors since 1998. In November 1999, Jung was promoted to chairman of the board and chief executive officer.[14]
In December, 2011, Avon announced that it had initiated a search for a new chief executive with Jung helping to choose her replacement and continuing as chairman of the board for the next two years. Avon faced several controversies at the time of her resignation. The company's stock had dropped 45 percent in 2011. Avon's third quarter earnings report stated that sales targets would be unattainable and disclosed that there were two ongoing SEC inquiries. Net income in the third quarter fell to $164.2 million, or 38 cents a share (below analysts' estimates of 46 cents a share), from $166.7 million, or 38 cents, a year earlier. The results marked the fourth time in five-quarters that profit trailed analysts’ projections. There was also a three-year probe into an alleged bribery of foreign officials has already caused the dismissal of four Avon executives.[9][15][16][17]
Jung was named one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most powerful women in 2004. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 25th most powerful woman.[18] In 2012, she was named in the list of the worst 5 CEOs of 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek.[19]
Boards[edit]

Jung has been on the board of directors of General Electric since 1998.[20]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of Princeton University from July 1999 to June 2003.[21]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital from 2001-2014.[22][citation needed]
Jung joined Apple's board of directors on 7 January 2008.[23]
In 2013, Jung became co-founder and chair of the board for Venly, a Cambridge, Massachusetts distributed resource software and services firm that trains recent graduates and returning veterans to be community social media consultants for local businesses.[24]
In February 2013, Jung was nominated as a member of the supervisory board of Daimler AG, part of the company’s plan to increase female representation.[25]

Personal[edit]
Jung was married twice. Jung's second ex-husband, Michael Gould, was the CEO of Bloomingdale's, the first company she worked for after college.[26][27][28][29]
Jung has two children, an adopted son James (Jamie) Gould with her ex-husband Gould and a daughter Lauren Christensen from her first marriage.[8][30][31]
References[edit]


^ Hirahara, Naomi (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders (illustrated ed.). Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1573563444. 
^ "Andrea Jung". Daimler AG. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ Lublin, Joann S. (2014-04-04). "Andrea Jung, Former Avon CEO, to Run Microfinance Group". The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved 2014-04-07. 
^ Klein, Joyce (2013-10-13). "What We Know About Microcredit in the US". The Aspen Institute. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Board of Directors". Grameen America. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Avon names Sherilyn McCoy CEO, replacing Andrea Jung". USA Today. 9 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ Coleman-Lochner, Lauren (6 October 2012). "Avon’s Andrea Jung Exit Marks End of Era at Cosmetics Retailer". Bloomberg. Retrieved 3 January 2013. 
^ a b "Andrea Jung". BusinessWeek: Small Biz. 2000-09-18. Retrieved 2016-04-17. 
^ a b c Himsel, Deborrah (2014). Beauty Queen: Inside the Reign of Avon's Andrea Jung. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1137278821. 
^ M. Branson, Douglas. The Last Male Bastion: Gender and the CEO Suite in America's Public Companies. 
^ "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA Today. 14 June 2009. 
^ Jones, Del (2009-06-15). "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA TODAY. USA TODAY. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "?". avoncompany.com. Archived from the original on 11 October 2011. 
^ "Andrea Jung - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc.". Avon Products. 
^ "Bloomberg". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Goudreau, Jenna (2011-12-14). "Andrea Jung And The Restless: Avon Replacing Longtime CEO". Forbes. Forbes.com LLC. Retrieved 2013-10-29. 
^ Kowitt, Beth (30 April 2012). "Avon: The Rise and Fall of a Beauty Icon". Fortune. 165 (6): 106–114. Archived from the original on 22 February 2014. Retrieved 26 April 2012. Exclusive: As CEO of Avon, Andrea Jung made bad bets and missed opportunities. Now she's been replaced - and the 126-year-old company has a second bidder lining up. 
^ "#25 Andrea Jung". The 100 Most Powerful Women. Forbes. 19 August 2009. 
^ "#3 Andrea Jung". The Worst CEOs of 2012. Bloomberg Businessweek. 13 December 2012. 
^ "Andrea Jung's Biography". General Electric. 
^ https://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrea-jung/9b/a7b/442
^ "Hospital Leadership". NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital. Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors". Apple Inc. 7 January 2008. 
^ Farmer, Douglas (14 November 2013). "Business Marketing Gets Social" (PDF). The Town Common. Turley Publications. Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 April 2014. Retrieved 2014-04-05. 
^ Tschampa, Dorothee (27 February 2013). "Daimler Nominates Avon Ex-Chief Jung to Supervisory Board". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2013-03-27. 
^ https://books.google.com/books?isbn=113727882X
^ https://books.google.com/books?id=oCYEAwAAQBAJ
^ http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrea-jung-is-avons-ultimate-makeover-artist-2009-12-03
^ http://goldsea.com/Text/index.php?id=11179
^ http://www.asiancemagazine.com/2010/08/30/the-ultimate-power-woman--andrea-jung
^ http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Fl-Ka/Jung-Andrea.html


External links[edit]





Book: Apple Inc.





Andrea Jung Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America
2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards Ceremony on YouTube
Venly.com







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Daimler AG



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Cars




Current
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-AMG
Mercedes-Maybach
Smart






Trucks and vans




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors (80%)
Mercedes-Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus (85%)
Western Star
Defunct
American LaFrance
Sterling Trucks






Buses




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors
Mercedes Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus
Setra/EvoBus
Thomas
Defunct
Orion






Motorsport




Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsport
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains






Other




Alliance Truck Parts
car2Go
Daimler Financial Services

Mercedes-Benz Bank


Detroit Diesel
Mercedes-Benz India
Mercedes-Benz Mexico








Shareholdings
and joint ventures



Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation (50.1%)
Beijing Benz (50%)
Denza (50%)
Tognum AG (50%)
Fujian Benz (50%)
Here (33%)
EADS (22.41%)
Kamaz (10%)
MV Agusta (25%)
Tesla Motors (10%)
Tata Motors (7%)
Aston Martin (5%)





Predecessors



Benz & Company (1883–1926)
Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft AG (1890–1926)
Daimler-Benz AG (1926–98)
DaimlerChrysler AG (1998–2007)





Technologies



Active Cylinder Control
BlueTec





People



Wolfgang Bernhard
Karlfried Nordmann
Andreas Renschler
Hans Scherenberg
Jürgen E. Schrempp
Karl Wilfert
Joachim Zahn
Dieter Zetsche





Other



DaimlerChrysler–Mitsubishi alliance
BeiBen Truck








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


General Electric



Subsidiaries and
divisions




Current



GE Capital

GE Capital Aviation Services
GE Energy Financial Services


GE Technology Infrastructure

GE Aviation
GE Aviation Systems
GE Healthcare
GE Transportation


GE Energy

GE Digital Energy
GE Jenbacher
GE Measurement & Control Solutions
Baker Hughes, a GE Company
GE Power
GE Wind Energy
GE Wind (offshore)


GE Home & Business Solutions

GE Intelligent Platforms


GE Global Research
GE Ventures





Former and
defunct



Australian Guarantee Corporation1
Canadian General Electric1
Compagnia Generale di Elettricità2
Electric Bond and Share Company2
GE Americom2
GE Aerospace2
GE Betz1
GE Capital IT Solutions2
GE Consumer & Industrial
GECIS2
GE Capital Rail Services2

GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)


GE Commercial Finance
GE Equipment Services1
GE Industrial1
GE Oil and Gas1
GE Infrastructure1
GEIS2
Genesis Lease2
GE Security2
Genworth Financial2
Montgomery Ward2
Synchrony Financial2
Tungsram1
Whatman1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings




Current



CFM International (50%)
Engine Alliance (50%)
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (60%)
GE Honda Aero Engines (50%)
Penske Truck Leasing
Prolec GE (49.99%)
TBS GB





Former



Alco-GE (1940–53)
NBC (1926–30, 1986–2004)
NBCUniversal, LLC (2004–13)








Products and brands



Aircraft engines
General Comprehensive Operating System
GEnie
Locomotives
Mazda
Reciprocating engines
Trivection oven
Tungsram





People




Founders



Charles A. Coffin
Thomas Edison
Edwin J. Houston
J. P. Morgan
Elihu Thomson





Other



James Cash Jr.
Ann Fudge
Susan Hockfield
Jeffrey R. Immelt
Andrea Jung
Rochelle Lazarus
Sam Nunn
Roger Penske
Douglas A. Warner III
Jack Welch
Bob Wright








Places and facilities



GE Building
General Electric Building
Nela Park
Realty Plot
Research Laboratory
River Works
Specialty Control Plant
Switchgear Plant
Welch Technology Centre





Other



Edison Engineering Development Program
GE True
The General Electric Concert
General Electric EdgeLab
General Electric Theater
General Imaging
Thomson-Houston Electric Company
Timeline
United States v. General Electric Co.








1Now integrated into other GE divisions or business groupings
2Sold or spun off


 Category
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 85647889
LCCN: n2013060129
NKC: xx0053891










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrea_Jung&oldid=789054326"					
Categories: 1958 birthsAmerican people of Hong Kong descentAmerican retail chief executivesAmerican women chief executivesBusinesspeople from TorontoCanadian emigrants to the United StatesCanadian people of Hong Kong descentCanadian retail chief executivesCanadian women business executivesBusinesspeople from MassachusettsDirectors of Apple Inc.General Electric peopleLiving peoplePeople associated with direct sellingPeople from Wellesley, MassachusettsPrinceton University alumniAmerican nonprofit chief executives20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican businesspeople of Hong Kong descentAmerican cosmetics businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesHidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2013Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 02:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 




Andrea Jung - The New York Times







































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation




The New York Times







            Andrea Jung        

|






Search

Subscribe Now
Log In

0
Settings




Close search










Advertisement








Supported by






                Andrea Jung            


News about Andrea Jung, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.                    








Latest Articles







                    Wall St. Is Pounding on Avon’s Door                
One analyst says Avon “seems to be the perennial turnaround story.” But the company is making a new effort to regain investors’ favor.
By JANET MORRISSEY














                    Avon Chairwoman to Quit Earlier Than Expected                
Andrea Jung, who was pushed out as chief executive last December, had been expected to remain as chairwoman for at least two years.











                    Avon Announces Plans to Seek a New Chief Executive                
Andrea Jung, who is chairwoman and chief executive, will remain in both posts until a new chief executive is found.










Reuters Breakingviews

                    Calling for Avon to Make a Change                
Andrea Jung, the chief executive of Avon, is under pressure after a dreadful third-quarter report and the disclosure of a federal inquiry.
By AGNES T. CRANE













Slide Show

                    Uniformed Business Leaders                
A look at famous figures who frequently appear in the same attire.
















Saturday Interview

                    Selling Beauty on a Global Scale                
Avon’s chairwoman and chief executive, Andrea Jung, discusses how the company’s direct-selling model can improve the lives of women in developing countries.











                    Private Sector; Ultimate Merit Badge: A Corner Office?                
What does it take to upstage Andrea Jung, the chief executive of Avon, and Deborah Norville, of ''Inside Edition''? Well, a Girl Scout sash covered with merit badges certainly helps. Both Mr. Jung and Ms. Norville were greeted warmly at a fund-raising dinner at the Marriott Marquis hotel in Times Square last Wednesday for the Girl Scout Council of Greater New York.











                    Avon Chief Adds Post                
Avon Products Inc., the largest direct seller of cosmetics, gave Andrea Jung the additional title of chairman, after profit climbed during her nearly two years as chief executive. Ms. Jung, 42, is one of five female chief executives of Fortune 500 companies, according to the research group Catalyst, and is one of three holding the titles of chairman and chief executive. She replaces Stanley Gault, former chairman of Rubbermaid Inc. and the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company. Her appointment is effective immediately, Avon said.










PUBLIC LIVES

                    Spearheading a Marketing Makeover at Avon                
TRADITION has it that the Avon Lady rings your doorbell with a smiling face, comes to visit on your turf and terms. But that's not quite the way it works with the head Avon Lady, Andrea Jung. Here we are on her turf, the hushed 27th floor of the Avenue of the Americas skyscraper that serves as global headquarters of Avon Products Inc., the 115-year-old cosmetics heirloom she's hustled ever deeper into makeover mode since her installation 18 months ago as chief executive. Just 42, she is one of only two women at the helm of a Fortune 500 company. (She prefers to place Avon in Fortune 300 territory -- it is 310th.) And here are her terms, as defined by the two concerned sentries outside her spacious but not ostentatious corner office: She'll chat about being a corporate leader, about Avon and its $250 million commitment to breast cancer research (the disease killed her maternal grandmother), but she will not waste time talking about her personal life and silly stuff like how she spends her Saturdays.










THE MANIAC MARKETS: DIARY

                    Avon Answers A Knock on Its Door                
Springtime is proxy season, and if history is any guide, a fair number of the shareholder proposals are raising the issue of the paucity of women in management ranks and in boardrooms. You might think that Avon Products wouldn't need to worry about such things. After all, the New York-based marketer of lipstick and other cosmetics has 5 women on its 11-member board. Moreover, its chief executive, Andrea Jung, 41, is a woman.















                    Opportunity Re-Knocks at Avon; Passed Over Before, a Woman Is Named Chief Executive                
Slightly more than a month after warning investors to expect disappointing financial results soon, Avon Products said yesterday it was replacing its chief executive with the ultimate Avon lady. The promotion of Andrea Jung, Avon's president and chief operating officer, comes less than two years after a high-profile executive search in which she and three other women at the company were passed over in favor of Charles R. Perrin, an outsider with no experience in direct selling or cosmetics.











                    Shatter the Ceiling, But Not the Dream                
To the Editor: Like millions of other young girls around the world, my 10-year-old daughter reveled at the World Cup victory of the United States women's soccer team. It was a crowning celebration of women's skill and achievement in sports, and I loved watching her proud reaction to the ''girls can do anything boys can do'' euphoria. Reading the newspaper not long after that event, she was delighted to see her mother's photograph accompanying a brief report entitled ''Women as Chief Executives: O.K., Who Could Be Next?'' (Private Sector, July 25). Excitedly, she scrolled down the list of names in the article, which included her mom along with several other highly accomplished and admired female executives.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA

                    Six to Enter Hall of Achievement                
The American Advertising Federation will induct six men and women into its Hall of Achievement, which honors executives 40 and younger.











                    Avon Calls On a Man to Lead It; Female Cosmetics Executives Passed Over for Top Post                
Avon Products Inc. may be filled with women who sell its products to women all over the world. But it has decided not to be run by one. From the 2.3 million ''Avon ladies'' who peddle its cosmetics door-to-door to the huge female presence in its executive suite, Avon has long enjoyed a reputation of wide-open career opportunities for women. Not only are its millions of customers women, but Avon has more women in powerful positions than most other Fortune 500 companies.











                    Editor's Note                
An article in Business Day on Wednesday described management and cost-control problems at Donna Karan International, noting that the board had been relatively inactive in the face of the company's problems. The article identified one board member, Andrea Jung, as the wife of Michael Gould, the chief executive of Bloomingdale's, which is a major Donna Karan customer.
















Search Articles
15 results for  sorted by newest









                    Wall St. Is Pounding on Avon’s Door                
One analyst says Avon “seems to be the perennial turnaround story.” But the company is making a new effort to regain investors’ favor.
By JANET MORRISSEY














                    Avon Chairwoman to Quit Earlier Than Expected                
Andrea Jung, who was pushed out as chief executive last December, had been expected to remain as chairwoman for at least two years.











                    Avon Announces Plans to Seek a New Chief Executive                
Andrea Jung, who is chairwoman and chief executive, will remain in both posts until a new chief executive is found.










Reuters Breakingviews

                    Calling for Avon to Make a Change                
Andrea Jung, the chief executive of Avon, is under pressure after a dreadful third-quarter report and the disclosure of a federal inquiry.
By AGNES T. CRANE













Slide Show

                    Uniformed Business Leaders                
A look at famous figures who frequently appear in the same attire.
















Saturday Interview

                    Selling Beauty on a Global Scale                
Avon’s chairwoman and chief executive, Andrea Jung, discusses how the company’s direct-selling model can improve the lives of women in developing countries.











                    Private Sector; Ultimate Merit Badge: A Corner Office?                
What does it take to upstage Andrea Jung, the chief executive of Avon, and Deborah Norville, of ''Inside Edition''? Well, a Girl Scout sash covered with merit badges certainly helps. Both Mr. Jung and Ms. Norville were greeted warmly at a fund-raising dinner at the Marriott Marquis hotel in Times Square last Wednesday for the Girl Scout Council of Greater New York.











                    Avon Chief Adds Post                
Avon Products Inc., the largest direct seller of cosmetics, gave Andrea Jung the additional title of chairman, after profit climbed during her nearly two years as chief executive. Ms. Jung, 42, is one of five female chief executives of Fortune 500 companies, according to the research group Catalyst, and is one of three holding the titles of chairman and chief executive. She replaces Stanley Gault, former chairman of Rubbermaid Inc. and the Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company. Her appointment is effective immediately, Avon said.










PUBLIC LIVES

                    Spearheading a Marketing Makeover at Avon                
TRADITION has it that the Avon Lady rings your doorbell with a smiling face, comes to visit on your turf and terms. But that's not quite the way it works with the head Avon Lady, Andrea Jung. Here we are on her turf, the hushed 27th floor of the Avenue of the Americas skyscraper that serves as global headquarters of Avon Products Inc., the 115-year-old cosmetics heirloom she's hustled ever deeper into makeover mode since her installation 18 months ago as chief executive. Just 42, she is one of only two women at the helm of a Fortune 500 company. (She prefers to place Avon in Fortune 300 territory -- it is 310th.) And here are her terms, as defined by the two concerned sentries outside her spacious but not ostentatious corner office: She'll chat about being a corporate leader, about Avon and its $250 million commitment to breast cancer research (the disease killed her maternal grandmother), but she will not waste time talking about her personal life and silly stuff like how she spends her Saturdays.










THE MANIAC MARKETS: DIARY

                    Avon Answers A Knock on Its Door                
Springtime is proxy season, and if history is any guide, a fair number of the shareholder proposals are raising the issue of the paucity of women in management ranks and in boardrooms. You might think that Avon Products wouldn't need to worry about such things. After all, the New York-based marketer of lipstick and other cosmetics has 5 women on its 11-member board. Moreover, its chief executive, Andrea Jung, 41, is a woman.














                    Opportunity Re-Knocks at Avon; Passed Over Before, a Woman Is Named Chief Executive                
Slightly more than a month after warning investors to expect disappointing financial results soon, Avon Products said yesterday it was replacing its chief executive with the ultimate Avon lady. The promotion of Andrea Jung, Avon's president and chief operating officer, comes less than two years after a high-profile executive search in which she and three other women at the company were passed over in favor of Charles R. Perrin, an outsider with no experience in direct selling or cosmetics.











                    Shatter the Ceiling, But Not the Dream                
To the Editor: Like millions of other young girls around the world, my 10-year-old daughter reveled at the World Cup victory of the United States women's soccer team. It was a crowning celebration of women's skill and achievement in sports, and I loved watching her proud reaction to the ''girls can do anything boys can do'' euphoria. Reading the newspaper not long after that event, she was delighted to see her mother's photograph accompanying a brief report entitled ''Women as Chief Executives: O.K., Who Could Be Next?'' (Private Sector, July 25). Excitedly, she scrolled down the list of names in the article, which included her mom along with several other highly accomplished and admired female executives.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA

                    Six to Enter Hall of Achievement                
The American Advertising Federation will induct six men and women into its Hall of Achievement, which honors executives 40 and younger.











                    Avon Calls On a Man to Lead It; Female Cosmetics Executives Passed Over for Top Post                
Avon Products Inc. may be filled with women who sell its products to women all over the world. But it has decided not to be run by one. From the 2.3 million ''Avon ladies'' who peddle its cosmetics door-to-door to the huge female presence in its executive suite, Avon has long enjoyed a reputation of wide-open career opportunities for women. Not only are its millions of customers women, but Avon has more women in powerful positions than most other Fortune 500 companies.











                    Editor's Note                
An article in Business Day on Wednesday described management and cost-control problems at Donna Karan International, noting that the board had been relatively inactive in the face of the company's problems. The article identified one board member, Andrea Jung, as the wife of Michael Gould, the chief executive of Bloomingdale's, which is a major Donna Karan customer.









Show More
Skip to Navigation















Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times
































	Andrea Jung, CEO of
	Avon Products
	(AVP), Earns
	$14.0 mil
	















');
}


if( partner == 'netscape' ) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=earthlink') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=msnbc') != -1) {
   var _rsCI='us-forbes';
   var _rsCG='msnbc_hat_test';
   var _rsDT=1;
   var _rsSI=escape(window.location);
   var _rsLP=location.protocol.indexOf('https')>-1?'https:':'http:';
   var _rsRP=escape(document.referrer);
   var _rsND=_rsLP+'//.com/';

   if (parseInt(navigator.appVersion)>=4) {
      var _rsRD=(new Date()).getTime();
      var _rsSE=1;
      var _rsSV='';
      var _rsSM=1.0;
      _rsCL='';
   } 
   else {
      _rsCL='';
   }
   //document.write(_rsCL);

   document.write('');
}


if (document.cookie.indexOf('partner_session=compuserve') != -1) {
   document.write('');
}

// -->













 



















































 


 

 



 


Jump

 | Free Trial Issue




Search
 Quote








Select Section
Home
Investment Newsletters
Polls & Discussions
Premium Tools
Special Reports
Video & Audio
Watchlist
IT Research Library
IT Product & Service Search
Forbes Digital Tool

Business
-Manufacturing
-Technology
-Commerce
-Services
-Energy
-Healthcare
-Small Business

Technology
-E-Business
-Enterprise Tech
-Infoimaging
-Intelligent Infrastructure
-Personal Tech
-Sciences & Medicine
-Wireless
-CIO Network

Markets
-Equities
-Economy
-Commodities
-Bonds
-Emerging Markets
-Currencies

Work
-Careers
-Compensation
-Entrepreneurs
-Management

Lists
-Companies
--Forbes 500s
--Forbes Global 500
--200 Best Small Cos.
--400 Best Big Cos.
--Largest Private Cos.

-People
--World's Richest People
--100 Top Celebrities
--400 Richest Americans
--Best Paid CEOs

-Places
--Best Places

Personal Finance
-Estate Planning
-Funds
-Philanthropy
-Retirement
-Strategies
-Taxes

Lifestyle
-Collecting
-Health
-Real Estate
-Sport
-Travel
-Vehicles
-Wine & Food
-Good Life Experience

Columnists

Magazines
-Forbes Magazine
-Forbes Global
-Forbes FYI
-Forbes ASAP
-Best of the Web
-Archives
-Subscriptions

Tools

About Us
Contact Us
Help
Reprints/Permissions
Sitemap

Advertising
Conferences
Forbes Collection
Forbes Mobile
Special Advertising
























U.S.  |  EUROPE  |  ASIA
HOME PAGE FOR THE WORLD'S BUSINESS LEADERS

















Home > 

Lists
 > 


    
        

Executive Pay
      


 > Andrea Jung
		















   

    2004
  
   

    2005
  
  







			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   










Andrea Jung

			Total Compensation: $14.0 mil
(#91)

5-Year Compensation Total: $36,755 thou


		 
Andrea Jung has been CEO of Avon Products (AVP) for 
 
6 years.
	
 Ms. Jung has been with the company for
 
11 years
	
 
	.
	

The 46 year old executive ranks 3 within

	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
	      
Household & personal products

Education
College: Princeton BA 


  ' 79
 

Graduate School: NA  



 
		

      




 




 Accounting-Governance Rankings   Conservative




Andrea Jung's Compensation Vs. Household & personal products Medians



Salary ($thou)



1,345

      



1,300



Bonus ($thou)
2,305
1,750


Other ($thou)
127
419


Stock Gains ($thou)
10,214
0



Total Compensation ($thou)
13,991

5,409


Data Contributor
 




Avon Products 

(AVP: quote, news, executives)

	      1345 Avenue of the Americas
	      New York, NY 10105-0196
	      Ph: 212-282-5000
	      Fax: 212-282-6049
http://www.avoncompany.com




Andrea Jung's Ownership Of Avon Products
Household & personal products Medians



Stock Owned (% of Co)

				 
				   0.03 

0.10


Stock Owned

				 
				   5.9 

9.6

 

Avon Products's Stock Performance
Household & personal products Medians



Total Return During Tenure (%)
NA


Relative to Market
NA






 


			                        
		      
		          < Previous
 			        
			        
			        
			        
			        


Next
 			     
			     
			     
			     
			     >
		        
		   











Associated Companies:

Avon Products  

# 638 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


        


    

          # 661 on Forbes 2000

     
 

	 


         
          # 132 on Forbes 500s 2003
          

	 


         
          # -- on Forbes 500s 2002
          

	  

            
                
 
Other Lists:

Jung, Andrea  

# 61 on Most Powerful Women 2004
                
              
            
              ,
            
            
              
# 83 on Executive Pay 2004
                
              
            
              ,
            
            
              
# 162 on Executive Pay 2003
                
              
            
              ,
            
            
              
# 175 on Executive Pay 2002
                
              
            
              ,
            
            
              
# 403 on Executive Pay 2001
                
              
            
              ,
            
            
              
#  374 on Executive Pay 2000
                
              
            
                











   






Methodology:
Compensation rank is based on total compensation for latest fiscal year.
Efficiency rank is based on our chief executive's performance/pay score.
Ranks are given only to chief executives who have a six-year tenure and
six-year compensation history. The most efficient rank is 1 and least
efficient is 189.

Footnotes:
Total returns and value of stock owned (including all classes) is based
on Mar. 31, 2005 stock price. Compensation percent change is based on
combined salary and bonus. Annualized total return during tenure covers
the tenure of the executive or from the time of the IPO or available
stock history. Relative to market is the ending value of $100 invested
in the stock, divided by the ending value of $1 invested in the S&P500.
NA: Not available or not applicable. NM: Not meaningful. 1Annualized.
2Four-year total. 3Three-year total. 4Less than 0.01%. 5Prior-year data.
6New chief executive; compensation may be for another executive office.
7Less than $100,000. 8Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of salary. 9Received options or restricted stock in lieu of
portion of bonus. 10Includes shares indirectly held.

Sources: Latest available company proxy statements; Audit Integrity (www.auditintegrity.com); FT Interactive Data via FactSet Research Systems; Hemscott, Inc. (www.hemscottdata.com)
















SitemapHelpContact Forbes.comInvestment NewslettersForbes ConferencesForbes Magazines


Ad Information   
   	Forbes.com Wireless   
   	Reprints/Permissions   
   	Subscriber Services   
   	
   	© 2005 Forbes.com Inc.   All Rights Reserved   
        Privacy Statement   
   	Terms, Conditions and Notices




Delivered By

Tested By

Market Data By





        Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes for Nasdaq, at least 20 minutes for NYSE/AMEX.
	
        U.S. indexes are delayed at least 15 minutes with the exception of Nasdaq, Dow Jones Industrial Average and S&P 500 which are 2 minutes delayed. Disclaimer

        Forbes 40 Index powered by Telemet.
        

        News may include latest headlines from Reuters.
        

Exchange trademark and copyright notices.




Powered By


Financial News - Business News

Financial News - Business News
Investment Newsletter - Financial Newsletters - Stock Newsletter
Polls & Discussions
Financial Tools - Stock Trading Tool - Investing Tool - Planning Tools
Special 
  Reports
Video News - Financial Video Reports

Business News - Business Information
Retail News - Commerce News - Retail Industry News
Energy News - Utility News - Energy Industry News
Health Care News - Healthcare News - Health Care Industry News
Manufacturing News - Supply Chain News - Manufacturing Industry News
Business Services News - Service Industry News - Services Industry News
Technology News - Information Technology News - Tech News

Technology News - Tech News
E-Business
Enterprise Tech
Future Tech
Networks
Personal 
  Tech
Sciences and Medicine

Stock Market News - World Markets - Stock Quotes
Bonds
Commodities
Currencies
Economy
Emerging Markets
Equities

Personal Finance - Personal Finances - Financial Advise
Estate Planning
Funds
Philanthropy
Retirement
Strategies
Taxes

Lifestyle
Collecting
Health and Fitness
Real Estate
Sports
Travel
Vehicles
Wine 
  & Food
Business and Finance Magazines
Forbes Magazine
Forbes Global
Forbes FYI
Forbes ASAP
Best of the Web
Archives
Subscriptions
Columnists
Forbes Pemium Services
Business Services
Forbes Services
Investing Services
Lifestyle Services

Forbes Lists - Award List - People List
People
100 Top 
  Celebrities  |  400 Richest 
  Americans  |  The 
  World's Billionaires  |  Big Bosses 
  & Paychecks  |  Midas List 
   |  China's 
  100 Richest Business People 
   
Companies
Forbes 500s 
   |  200 Best Small Companies 
   |  400 Best Big Companies 
   |  500 Largest Privates 
   |  International 500 
   |  The Global 
  A-List 
   
Places
Forbes/Milken Best Places 
   |  Best Cities 
  for Singles  |  Best Business 
  Restaurants  |  World's 
  Ten Best Airport Lounges  |  World's Best 
  Beach Resorts
Career Information - Career News - Work News
Forbes.com: Careers
Forbes.com: Compensation
Forbes.com: Entrepreneurs
Forbes.com: Management




































Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors - Apple
















































PRESS RELEASE
January 7, 2008






       
         
             Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors


		
        
        







CUPERTINO, California—January 7—Apple® today announced that Andrea Jung, chairman and chief executive officer of Avon Products, was elected to Apple’s board of directors. Andrea also serves on the board of directors of the General Electric Company and is a member of the New York Presbyterian Hospital board of trustees and the Catalyst board of directors.
“Andrea is a strong CEO and marketer and we look forward to benefiting from her insights and experience as a member of Apple’s board,” said Steve Jobs, Apple’s CEO. “Andrea will be our eighth board member, and I think she will add a new dimension to our already lively board discussions.”
“Apple is clearly one of the most innovative companies in the world today,” said Andrea Jung, chairman and chief executive officer of Avon Products. “I feel privileged to join this exciting and dynamic team and look forward to working closely with Steve and the board during the next phase of Apple’s growth.”
At Avon, Andrea is responsible for developing and executing all of the company’s long-term growth strategies, launching new brand initiatives, developing earnings opportunities for women worldwide, and defining Avon as the premier direct seller of beauty products. She was elected president of global marketing in 1996, an executive vice president in 1997, president and a director of the company in 1998, chief operating officer from 1998 to 1999, chief executive officer in 1999 and chairman of the board in 2001. Previously, she was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus and a senior vice president for I. Magnin.
Andrea is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University, is fluent in Mandarin and was the first woman elected chair of the Cosmetic, Toiletry, and Fragrance Association in March 2001, a role she held until early 2005.
Avon, the company for women, is a leading global beauty company, with almost $9 billion in annual revenue. As the world’s largest direct seller, Avon markets to women in well over 100 countries through over five million independent Avon Sales Representatives. Avon’s product line includes beauty products, fashion jewelry and apparel, and features such well-recognized brand names as Avon Color, Anew, Skin-So-Soft, Avon Solutions, Advance Techniques, Avon Naturals, Mark, and Avon Wellness. Learn more about Avon and its products at www.avoncompany.com.
Apple ignited the personal computer revolution in the 1970s with the Apple II and reinvented the personal computer in the 1980s with the Macintosh. Today, Apple continues to lead the industry in innovation with its award-winning computers, OS X operating system and iLife and professional applications. Apple is also spearheading the digital media revolution with its iPod portable music and video players and iTunes online store, and has entered the mobile phone market with its revolutionary iPhone.
Press Contacts:Kristin HuguetApplekhuguet@apple.com(408) 974-2414
Jennifer Dwyer VargasAvon Products, IncJennifer.Vargas@avon.com(212) 282-5404





Apple, the Apple logo, Mac, Mac OS and Macintosh are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.








The latest news for journalists.Read more










Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  It's okay to be afraid, because you can't be brave or courageous without fear. Dave Chappelle, Comedian    






Andrea Jung Biography - life, family, children, parents, story, history, school, mother, young, old, born





 








World Biography
Supplement (Fl-Ka)
 Andrea Jung Biography 



Andrea Jung Biography




















          Andrea Jung (born 1959) went from being a lackluster student to
          attending the Ivy League's Prince-
        



          ton University, and went on to become the CEO of Avon Products. 
          
            Institutional Investor
          
           wrote of Jung, "How many other chief executives embody their
          companies the way Andrea Jung does? Sleek, stylishly turned out, with
          signature pearl choker and mane of sable hair, she is confident and
          assertive, the perfect image for her newly invigorated Avon Products.
          Jung is the first female CEO at a cosmetics company who wasn't
          also its founder." Jung took the failing company out of the
          depths of marketing oblivion into a world of young, hip makeup
          products.
        


      Born in Toronto
    

      Jung was born in 1959 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her family moved to
      Wellesley, Massachusetts, when she was only two years old. Jung's
      mother was born in Shanghai and was a chemical engineer; her father was
      born in Hong Kong and was an architect. Jung has one younger brother,
      Mark. When she was young, Jung studied not only the regular subjects
      offered at a Massachusetts school, but studied the Mandarin language as
      well. She also began piano lessons, taught by her mother, when she was
      only five years old. Jung has admitted to being a lackluster student. The
      only reason she got good grades at first was because her parents would
      offer her something she wanted in return for 
      earning A's. When she was in fourth grade, for instance, she
      desperately wanted a set of colored pencils. Her parents told her that if
      at the end of the grade marking period she earned all A's, they
      would get it for her. She hunkered down to work, and by the end of the
      grade period those pencils were hers. It was something she never forgot.
      She has credited her parents and instances like this one with furthering
      her resolve and ambition.
    

      In high school Jung used her determination to get involved in
      extracurricular activities, especially student government. She started out
      as class secretary before becoming president of the student body, and went
      on from high school to attend the elite Princeton University. She earned a
      bachelor of arts degree in English literature in 1979, graduating magna
      cum laude from Princeton. She intended to continue her studies by going to
      law school after a short break, but decided on a detour. She had gotten a
      job at Bloomingdale's as a manager in training, and she saw the
      position as giving her the edge she would need to make it in the field of
      law.
    

      Discovered Passion for Marketing
    

      She did so well at Bloomingdale's that she moved to a job at the I.
      Magnin stores. From there she became the executive vice president in
      charge of merchandising for women's apparel, cosmetics, and
      accessories at Neiman Marcus. And with her change of companies came a
      change of careers. Law vanished into the background as Jung found herself
      in the midst of a world she liked. She wanted a new challenge, however,
      and found one when she started working for Avon Products, Inc., as a
      consultant in 1993. The company that had been around for over a hundred
      years was ailing, and needed a fresh burst of energy and life to keep it
      going. The higher-ups at Avon liked what Jung had to bring to the company
      as a consultant, and they hired her as president of the product marketing
      group for U.S. operations in 1994. In that position she worked on
      continuing the company's traditional branding efforts while trying
      to introduce more modern lines to the mix. She introduced the Avon Apparel
      line, which proved to be very successful. She also suggested getting rid
      of a large number of Avon's old fragrances and introducing new
      ones. She was behind the introduction of such new favorites as Far Away,
      Millennia, and Natori.
    

      She also worked on coming up with a better marketing pitch for the
      company. She came up with the slogan "Just Another Avon
      Lady," which was launched in 1995. With her new slogan, Jung was
      trying to re-brand the company as younger and hipper, but also as being
      more sophisticated and quality-filled. This was helped by products such as
      Anew, which was the first skin cream with alpha hydroxy, made to help hide
      wrinkles. She also got Olympic athletes Jackie Joyner-Kersee and Becky
      Dyroen-Lancer to help with the campaign, and Avon became the official
      fragrance and cosmetics sponsor of the 1996 Olympic Games, held in
      Atlanta, Georgia. The company put together The Olympic Women exhibition,
      focusing on women athletes at the games, something that not only promoted
      female athleticism, but also helped put Avon into the spotlight. Because
      of all the things Jung set up in 1996 she was named "Marketer of
      the Year" for 1996 by 
      
        Brandweek
      
      .
    

      Became First Female CEO of Avon
    

      Always looking for bigger and better ways to promote Avon, in 1997 Jung
      came up with the "Dare to Change Your Mind about Avon" ad
      campaign, something that showed the company knew about its outdated image,
      and was about to change it. Also in 1997, the CEO of Avon stepped down. It
      was thought that Jung might be considered for the job, but instead of
      promoting someone from inside the company, Avon hired from outside,
      choosing instead the CEO of Duracell, Charles Perrin. Someone must have
      felt that Jung was soon to step into power, however, because in 1997 she
      was named one of the top "25 Women to Watch" by 
      
        Advertising Age
      
      . She was also given the National Outstanding Mother Award and the
      American Advertising Federation's Advertising Hall of Achievement
      award that year. Perrin, on the other hand, met with problems at the
      company, and a mere two years later Jung was made the CEO of Avon. She was
      the first female CEO in Avon's history, and that was quite a long
      history, as the company was 116 years old at that time. She became
      chairwoman of Avon in 2001. Prior to that, Jung had been listed at number
      eight in "Corporate America's 50 Most Powerful Women"
      in 1998.
    

      Since becoming CEO of Avon, Jung has become known for her professional,
      businesslike demeanor and for her innovative ideas. Rarely personal in
      interviews, she once admitted to a reporter that she kept in her desk a
      letter her father wrote to her. In it he wrote, "Cultivate the
      absence of arrogance and boastfulness." She was raised in the
      traditional Asian manner, and her father had worried that as Jung took
      over as CEO of Avon she might become arrogant and hard, and he wanted to
      remind his daughter that it was not necessary or advantageous to be that
      way.
    

      Continued to Raise Avon Out of Obscurity
    

      Two years after taking over the CEO position at Avon, Jung talked to 
      
        Harper's Bazaar
      
       about her job. "My job has its pros and its cons. There's
      the opportunity to be a role model, and then there's a lot of heavy
      responsibility that can be very difficult…. But I'm more
      comfortable now with my public role as it relates to my personal life than
      I was two years ago. Statistics show that it's still a story when
      women reach the very top of the ladder, and we have a responsibility to
      create paths for women to succeed." Since her rise to CEO, Jung has
      taken Avon international. It started out as an American company and is
      still run in a purely American way, with Avon "ladies"
      selling directly to buyers, but Jung has begun to expand the concept
      worldwide. By the early twenty-first century Avon was sold in over 143
      countries. In 2001 nearly 40 percent of Avon's total profits came
      from South and Central American alone. In 2003 Jung pushed Avon to start a
      line of makeup called "Mark," aimed towards teenagers and
      college-age women. According to 
      
        Crains New York Business
      
      , Jung said about the changes: "I want to keep it hip. We have to
      be able to change in a snap, 
      to have an edge." She also has helped raise money for breast
      cancer, the disease that took her grandmother's life.
    

      Since her acquisition of the CEO position, Jung has learned about personal
      compromise. She has been married and divorced twice. She has admitted that
      she has made mistakes as well as sacrifices, but also has said that she
      feels she is proof that a woman can succeed in business. Jung has two
      children: Lauren from her first marriage, and James from her second. A lot
      of public scrutiny has focused on her role as a mother, something she
      never expected. She has said that she has missed some of her
      children's events, but never the important ones. And there have
      been things about the company that have been put on hold so she could be
      with her children. She has also made an environment at Avon where parents
      can take time off to attend their children's functions and take
      care of their family, as long as their work does not suffer for it. She is
      on the board of General Electric and was nominated to be on the board of
      the New York Stock Exchange. She is on the boards of such non-profit
      organizations as the New York Presbyterian Hospital and Catalyst, a
      company focused on women in business. Jung is one of only two female
      Fortune 500 CEOs. She has been named one of the 50 Most Powerful Women in
      U.S. Business by 
      
        Fortune
      
       magazine.
    

      Future for Jung and Avon
    

      As for Avon, the company did a turnaround after Jung took over. According
      to 
      
        Fortune
      
       magazine, "In her first five years as CEO, Andrea Jung gave Avon a
      badly needed facelift. From 2000 through 2004, revenues rose from $5.3
      billion to $7.7 billion, and profits nearly tripled." Jung was able
      to find popular and strong women to advertise the company on television,
      among them tennis players Venus and Serena Williams. Jung told 
      
        Harper's Bazaar
      
      , "Venus and Serena's story was such a natural fit for us.
      They have proven to a global audience that women can do anything."
      With so much success, Jung's reign as CEO of Avon was one to
      continue to watch.
    



      Books
    


        Almanac of Famous People
      
      , 8th edition, Gale Group, 2003.
    


        Business Leader Profiles for Students
      
      , Volume 2, Gale Group, 2002.
    


        Newsmakers 2000
      
      , Issue 2, Gale Group, 2000.
    

      Periodicals
    


        AdAgeGlobal
      
      , October 2001.
    


        Crain's New York Business
      
      , November 8, 1999; April 28, 2003; August 14, 2006.
    


        Fortune
      
      , October 13, 2003; November 14, 2005; March 20, 2006; October 16, 2006.
    


        Harper's Bazaar
      
      , September 2001.
    


        Institutional Investor
      
      , August 2002.
    


        International Herald Tribune
      
      , June 3, 2003.
    


        Newsweek
      
      , December 27, 2004.
    


        Times
      
       (London, England), September 6, 2003; April 1, 2006.
    

      Xinhua News Agency, March 4, 2006.
    

      Online
    

      "Andrea Jung," 
      
        Biography Resource Center Online
      
      , http://galenet.galegroup.com/servlet/BioRC (January 2, 2007).
    











User Contributions:


Comment about this article, ask questions, or add new information about this topic:





Name:



E-mail:



Show my email publicly



Type the code shown:








Public Comment: (50-4000 characters)





 Send comment



 
Andrea Jung Biography forum


 
				William Jones Biography

				 Joseph Kabila Biography
				  






















Supplement (Fl-Ka)






 








World Biography
 Supplement (Fl-Ka) 


Myron Floren Biography
Floren shared an upper Midwestern farm background with bandleader Lawrence Welk. "I'm the happiest, the most relaxed when I'm up on stage," he told Michael Kuelker of the St. 
Elizabeth Denison Forth Biography
Nicknamed Lisette, Forth was born Elizabeth Denison in Macomb County in the 1780s or 1790s—the records are unclear. She was born a slave to slave parents Peter and Hannah Denison. 
Tetsuya Fujita Biography
Tetsuya Fujita was born on October 23, 1920, in Kitakyushu City on the southern island of Kyushu in Japan. His first name meaning "philosopher," Tetsuya was the eldest child of Tomojiro, a schoolteacher, and Yoshie (Kanesue) Fujita.
Serge Gainsbourg Biography
Gainsbourg was born at the Hoôtel Dieu hospital in Paris, along with his twin sister Liliane, on April 2, 1928. His birth name was Lucien Ginsburg. 
Martha Gellhorn Biography
Martha Ellis Gellhorn was born in St. Louis on November 8, 1908. 
Stan Getz Biography
Getz in his youth was an admirer of Lester Young, the great saxophonist whose singing melodic lines did much to emancipate the jazz soloist from the procession of chords that underpinned the tune. Coming of age during the evolution of the dense, difficult new music known as bebop, he forged a quieter but no less intense style of his own that commanded the admiration of legions of jazz fans for decades. 
Carlos Ghosn Biography
Ghosn's accomplishments were all the more noteworthy because they came at deeply troubled companies—Renault in France and Nissan in 
Japan—that analysts had written off as also-rans and even evaluated as approaching bankruptcy. Ghosn did not just rescue these companies; he turned them into market leaders. 
Sabiha Gökçen Biography
Gökçen was born on March 22, 1913, in Bursa, a city in the northwest of Turkey, and official accounts say she was the daughter of Mustafa İzzet Bey and Hayriye Hanim. Her life intersected with one of twentieth-century Europe's most important leaders in October of 1925, the year she turned 12. 
Ernst Hans Josef Gombrich Biography
The book was successful partly because it was both accessible and philosophical. Originally written for young people, it featured Gombrich's clear, jargon-free writing. 
Mal Goode Biography
Goode was born on February 13, 1908, in White Plains, Virginia, but his family moved to Homestead, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh when he was very young. He was the third of four boys and two girls: James, William, Mary, Allan, and Ruth. 
Christine Granville Biography
Skarbek, in the words of Murray Davies of London's Mirror newspaper, "was the very first Bond girl," serving as the model for Vesper Lynd in the first of novelist Ian Fleming's James Bond books, Casino Royale. However, Skarbek's feats, which included scaring off a team of German captors by raising her arms to disclose a live grenade under each one, were real, not fictional. 
Zaha Hadid Biography
Often named as the most prominent contemporary female architect, or singled out for notice because of her Iraqi Arab background, Hadid is significant beyond these accidents of birth for her intellectual toughness, her refusal to compromise on her ideas even when very few of them were being realized in concrete and steel. For many years, her designs filled the pages of architecture periodicals but were dismissed as impractical or as too radical, and Hadid even thought about giving up architecture after she suffered a major rejection in her adopted homeland of Britain in 1995. 
Gunther Von Hagens Biography
Body Worlds showed dissected and opened-up human corpses, preserved with the plastination process and mounted in lifelike, sometimes humorous poses. The complex workings of the human body were displayed in a comprehensible way, even to visitors with little background in human anatomy. 
Stephen Harper Biography
The future prime minister was born in Toronto, Ontario, on April 30, 1959. He grew up in a middle class family in the Toronto suburbs. 
Laura S. Haviland Biography
Haviland was a resident of southeastern Michigan, where she operated a station on the Underground Railroad, the system of safe houses that conveyed fugitive slaves to Canada and freedom in the decades before the U.S. Civil War. 
Eliza Haywood Biography
Her earliest works were immensely popular predecessors of the modern romance novel, but she also wrote satirical plays and novels whose themes foreshadowed a later generation of English literary lionesses, among them Jane Austen and the Brontë sisters. "Haywood's gifts as a storyteller held the attention of her audience," declared Jerry C. 
Phoebe Apperson Hearst Biography
Hearst was born Phoebe Apperson on December 3, 1842, in Franklin County, Missouri, to Randolph Walker Apperson and Drucilla (Whitmire) Apperson. They were relatively affluent farmers, and Hearst's childhood was a happy one. 
Héloïse Biography
Héloïse's exact birth date and family background are details that have been lost to time. Most scholars place the year of her birth around 1098. 
Myra Hess Biography
Hess was born on February 25, 1890, in Hampstead in North West London. She was the youngest of four children. 
William Hutt Biography
William Ian DeWitt Hutt, born in Toronto on May 2, 1920, spent his earliest years with an aunt in Hamilton, Ontario; his mother was in poor health. At age four or five he demanded a part in the Christmas pageant at Christ Church, where his aunt was a member. 
Elizabeth Inchbald Biography
Inchbald was born Elizabeth Simpson on October 15, 1753, in a small village called Standingfield near Bury St. Edmunds in Suffolk, located near the eastern coast of England. 
Steve Irwin Biography
Irwin was born on February 22, 1962 in Essendon, near Melbourne, Australia. His father, Bob, was a plumber and his mother, Lyn, a nurse, but both were naturalists by avocation. 
B. K. S. Iyengar Biography
Yoga, an integrated system of physical and spiritual exercises, had a history that dated back thousands of years in India and was intertwined with the development of the Hindu religion. Yet even there it remained something of a specialized interest when Iyengar began his long career. 
Jane Jacobs Biography
In the book Jacobs launched a broadside against the concepts of urban renewal that were fashionable at the time. The seeming disorder and unpredictability of cities, she argued, were actually signs of their vitality, and the brave new world of high-rises envisioned by planners would strangle the buzzing street life that fostered community ties and drew newcomers with its energy. 
Victor Jara Biography
Victor Lidio Jara Martínez was born on September 23, 1932. His parents were farm workers with minimal resources who lived on a plantation near the Chilean town of Lonquen. 
Luis Jiménez Biography
Jiménez worked in the industrial, unabashedly commercial medium of fiberglass, and he drew on such commonplace art traditions as Mexican wall calendar prints, cowboy imagery, and "lowrider" truck decoration. Yet his work reflected a detailed knowledge of Mexican and European artistic traditions. 
Antonio Carlos Jobim Biography
Jobim's place in the annals of popular music was secured by a single hit song, "The Girl from Ipanema" (1964), which he co-wrote with lyricist Vinícius de Moraes. His creative contributions to jazz, however, went much deeper; many of his songs became jazz standards, and, in the words of Richard S. 
William Jones Biography
Jones was born in London, England, on September 28, 1746, the son of William and Mary Nix Jones. His father was a mathematician who was a friend of Sir Isaac Newton. 
Andrea Jung Biography
Jung was born in 1959 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Her family moved to Wellesley, Massachusetts, when she was only two years old. 
Joseph Kabila Biography
Kabila was born around June 4, 1971, in Ankoro—a small town on the banks of the Congo River—in North Katanga, in the Congo, although his birth year has been given as anywhere from 1968 to 1972, and there has been some debate as to the location. There are also some reports that instead he was born December 4, 1971, at Hewa Bora, Kabila's father's guerrilla headquarters in the Fizi territory of South-Kivu. 














 


Andrea Jung | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Andrea JungMicrofinance and Poverty AlleviationLocationGreater New York City AreaIndustryFinancial ServicesCurrentGrameen America, Inc., Daimler AG, ApplePreviousAvon, World Federation of Direct Selling Associations, Princeton UniversityEducationPrinceton University500+ connectionsView Andrea’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Andrea’s Full ProfileAndrea’s Posts & ActivityMake This 4th of July Count...Andrea Jung on LinkedInJune 30, 2016Delighted to see such a great combination of old books and...Andrea likedBaker Hughes-GE deal approved by shareholders, closing date...Andrea likedI Have Your BackAndrea likedSee all activitySummaryAndrea Jung is President and Chief Executive Officer of Grameen America, the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States. Ms. Jung, the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Avon Products, Inc. and longtime champion of women’s issues, was appointed by Grameen’s Chairman Nobel Peace Laureate Muhammad Yunus to the position in 2014 "to bring her unique qualifications and able leadership to accelerate our mission.” Founded in 2008, Grameen America is dedicated to helping women who live in poverty build small businesses to create better lives for their families. In a record achievement over the last seven years, Grameen America has proven that microlending to women increases their income, creates assets and builds communities, investing more than $325 million to date in women’s entrepreneurship. Ms. Jung, the longest serving female chief executive in the Fortune 500, is respected as a trailblazer for women’s empowerment. Ms. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.  During her tenure at Avon, she was responsible for developing and expanding earnings opportunities to over six million women in over one hundred countries. Ms. Jung has been lauded globally for her dedication to empowering women through her pursuit of public-private partnerships. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world. In 2010, she received the Clinton Global Citizen Award for her visionary leadership in solving pressing global issues. Over the past decade, Ms. Jung ranked consistently among top leaders including Fortune's “Most Powerful Women in Business,” Forbes' "Most Powerful Women in the World” and Financial Times’ “Top Women in World Business.”ExperiencePresident And CEOGrameen America, Inc.January 2014  –  Present (3 years 7 months)Supervisory Board MemberDaimler AGApril 2013  –  Present (4 years 4 months)Board DirectorAppleJanuary 2008  –  Present (9 years 7 months)Chairman, Compensation CommitteeFormer Co-lead DirectorBoard DirectorGEApril 1998  –  Present (19 years 4 months)Management Development and Compensation CommitteeGovernance and Public Affairs CommitteeScience and Technology CommitteeFormer Chairman and CEOAvonJanuary 1994  –  April 2014 (20 years 4 months)Appointed the first woman CEO of Avon in 1999, one of the first in the Fortune 500. Responsible for over 40,000 employees and over six million independent Avon sales representatives in over one hundred countries.ChairmanWorld Federation of Direct Selling AssociationsOctober 2008  –  October 2011 (3 years 1 month)TrusteePrinceton UniversityJuly 1999  –  June 2003 (4 years)SkillsDirect SalesGovernanceLeadershipPhilanthropySmall BusinessExecutive ManagementStrategyLeadership DevelopmentStrategic PartnershipsStrategic PlanningFinanceBusiness PlanningBusiness StrategyStart-upsCross-functional Team LeadershipEntrepreneurshipMarketingMarketing StrategySocial MediaHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationPrinceton UniversityBachelor of Arts (BA), English Language and Literature/LettersBachelor of Arts (BA), English Language and Literature/Letters1975  –  1979GroupsWellesley High School AlumniExecutive Chairmen Network  (TGL)View Andrea’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Andrea directlyView Andrea’s Full ProfileNot the Andrea you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedJamie DimonChairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co.Douglas ConantFounder, ConantLeadership; Former CEO, Campbell Soup Company; Chairman, KELI; Chairman, CECP; Former Chairman, AvonTanzila SalahuddinSenior Director, Institutional Giving & New Programmatic InitiativesSheri McCoyCEO at AvonLarry FinkChairman and CEO at BlackRockAngie VazquezStore Team Leader, TargetJames BellExecutive Vice President, BoeingAngela AhrendtsSenior Vice President, Apple RetailIsabel RichardSenior Manager, Sales & TrainingDenise Vanden WyngaardRegional Sales Manager at Norwex USAPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Andrea JungFirst NameLast NameExample:  Andrea JungAndrea JungPresident & CEO at Guardian Angels Elim Home Care and HospiceUnited StatesAndrea JungJD Candidate at University of Pennsylvania Law SchoolUnited StatesAndrea JungSpecial Events Coordinator at Silhouette OpticalUnited StatesAndrea JungVice President, Employee Relations at Fidelity InvestmentsUnited StatesAndrea EddyAssociate Buyer-Mills Fleet FarmUnited StatesMore professionals named Andrea JungLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















 










Video / Andrea Jung on Branding and Marketing







































































































































































































































































































































































                        mobile menu
                    






















                                        1-800-SPEAKER                                    










Speakers




Exclusive Speakers
Speakers By Topic
Speakers By Type










 
LAI Exclusive: John Allen


                    Retired Four-Star Marine Corps General, Former Head of NATO Forces in Afghani...            




 
New LAI Exclusive: Howard Fineman


                    Leading Journalist, Political Commentator, and Best-Selling Author            




 
New LAI Exclusive: Director James Clapper


                    Former Director of National Intelligence            


012
 







 
Motivational Speakers







 
Leadership Speakers







 
Speakers on Innovation and Disruption





012
 







 
Political Analysts







 
TED Speakers







 
Entertainment Acts





012
 


Explore Speakers 







Our Events




Explore Our Events
Get on Our Invite List
Event Sponsors










 
Association Lecture Series







 
Salon Dinners







 
Special Events





012
 







 
Request an Invite to Events In Washington, DC







 
Request an Invite to Events in Chicago







 
Request an Invite to Events in New York





012
 







 
Become a Sponsor







 
Thank You to Our Sponsors







 
Event Production with LAI Live





012
 


Explore Events 







Lai Literary




About us




Our Advantage
Meet the Team
Careers










 
Why Work with LAI?


                    Discover Our Advantage            




 
What is a Speaker's Bureau?


                    Get All the FAQs Here            




 
First Time Booking A Speaker?


                    Learn About the Booking Process            


012
 







 
Meet Our Team







 
In the Community







 
LAI In the News





012
 







 
Openings at LAI Speakers' Bureau







 
Openings at LAI Live







 
Openings at LAI VIdeo





012
 


About Us 







Blog










01234

 





Search Speakers







   

By Topic

AdventureBig DataBrandingBusiness StrategyChange ManagementChinaConsumer BehaviorCorporate CultureCorporate Social Responsibility CreativityCrisis ManagementCustomer ExperienceCyber SecurityDecision MakingDisruptionDiversity & InclusionEconomic OutlookEnergyEntrepreneurshipEthicsFinance Policy & RegulationFintechFuture TrendsGenerations & DemographicsGeopoliticsGrowthHealth CareHealth, Happiness & WellnessHistoryHuman ResourcesHumorInnovationInspiration & MotivationInternational BusinessLaw & Legal AffairsLeadershipMarketingMiddle EastNational SecurityNegotiationOvercoming AdversityPeak PerformancePolitical SatirePoliticsRelationship BuildingRetailRobotics, AI & DronesSalesSocial Media & Social NetworkingTeamworkTechnologyTurnaround




By Type

African American SpeakersAthletes & CommentatorsBusiness Authors/ StrategistsBusiness Leaders from Major BrandsCelebrity ChefCEOsComediansDuosEmcee & Master of CeremoniesEntertainment ActsFemale SpeakersMediaMilitary LeadersModeratorPolitical AnalystsPolitical LeadersPollsters & Public Opinion ExpertsSomething DifferentTED Speakers 




By Event Location
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri 
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe





                    By Fee Range                


$5k

 
$100k+



To Search by Fees Select Event Location




 




 








Home / Speakers / Andrea Jung on Branding and Marketing 
Andrea Jung on Branding and Marketing





 
 





description



            Former CEO of Avon Products, Andrea Jung talks about business, branding, and women empowerment.        



Share

https://www.leadingauthorities.com/speakers/video/andrea-jung-on-branding-and-marketing






































Featuring

check fees & availabilty












 




                        Andrea Jung                    

President and CEO of Grameen America and Former CEO of Avon Products                


                            Fees
                        

Local: $35,001 - $55,000*US East: $35,001 - $55,000*US West: $55,001 - $75,000*Europe: $75,001 and up*Asia: $75,001 and up* 





The product has been added to your shopping cart.

 Save To My Speaker List 




Check Fees & Availability Quick Look »










Andrea Jung 

                Andrea Jung is the President and CEO of Grameen America. She is also the former CEO of Avon. She was the first female CEO at a cosmetics company who was not also its founder and Avon’s first female CEO, despite the company’s long history. Known for her discipline and innovative ideas, Jung turned the company around, nearly tripling profits after looking at operations with a fresh perspective, and also moved Avon into international markets, selling in more than 143 countries. One of Forbes “100 Most Powerful Women,” Jung addresses marketing, business strategy, innovation, and going global.            

Topics & Types
BrandingDiversity & InclusionTurnaroundBusiness Leaders from Major BrandsCEOsFemale Speakers 

Check Fees & Availability View Profile




234358061




Check Availability




 Check Fees & Availability



  



  



  



  





North America
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe
South America
  



  





  



  


 

 

 





 































 










Andrea Jung - Keynote Speakers | LAI








































































































































































































































































































































































                        mobile menu
                    






















                                        1-800-SPEAKER                                    










Speakers




Exclusive Speakers
Speakers By Topic
Speakers By Type










 
LAI Exclusive: John Allen


                    Retired Four-Star Marine Corps General, Former Head of NATO Forces in Afghani...            




 
New LAI Exclusive: Howard Fineman


                    Leading Journalist, Political Commentator, and Best-Selling Author            




 
New LAI Exclusive: Director James Clapper


                    Former Director of National Intelligence            


012
 







 
Motivational Speakers







 
Leadership Speakers







 
Speakers on Innovation and Disruption





012
 







 
Political Analysts







 
TED Speakers







 
Entertainment Acts





012
 


Explore Speakers 







Our Events




Explore Our Events
Get on Our Invite List
Event Sponsors










 
Association Lecture Series







 
Salon Dinners







 
Special Events





012
 







 
Request an Invite to Events In Washington, DC







 
Request an Invite to Events in Chicago







 
Request an Invite to Events in New York





012
 







 
Become a Sponsor







 
Thank You to Our Sponsors







 
Event Production with LAI Live





012
 


Explore Events 







Lai Literary




About us




Our Advantage
Meet the Team
Careers










 
Why Work with LAI?


                    Discover Our Advantage            




 
What is a Speaker's Bureau?


                    Get All the FAQs Here            




 
First Time Booking A Speaker?


                    Learn About the Booking Process            


012
 







 
Meet Our Team







 
In the Community







 
LAI In the News





012
 







 
Openings at LAI Speakers' Bureau







 
Openings at LAI Live







 
Openings at LAI VIdeo





012
 


About Us 







Blog










01234

 





Search Speakers







   

By Topic

AdventureBig DataBrandingBusiness StrategyChange ManagementChinaConsumer BehaviorCorporate CultureCorporate Social Responsibility CreativityCrisis ManagementCustomer ExperienceCyber SecurityDecision MakingDisruptionDiversity & InclusionEconomic OutlookEnergyEntrepreneurshipEthicsFinance Policy & RegulationFintechFuture TrendsGenerations & DemographicsGeopoliticsGrowthHealth CareHealth, Happiness & WellnessHistoryHuman ResourcesHumorInnovationInspiration & MotivationInternational BusinessLaw & Legal AffairsLeadershipMarketingMiddle EastNational SecurityNegotiationOvercoming AdversityPeak PerformancePolitical SatirePoliticsRelationship BuildingRetailRobotics, AI & DronesSalesSocial Media & Social NetworkingTeamworkTechnologyTurnaround




By Type

African American SpeakersAthletes & CommentatorsBusiness Authors/ StrategistsBusiness Leaders from Major BrandsCelebrity ChefCEOsComediansDuosEmcee & Master of CeremoniesEntertainment ActsFemale SpeakersMediaMilitary LeadersModeratorPolitical AnalystsPolitical LeadersPollsters & Public Opinion ExpertsSomething DifferentTED Speakers 




By Event Location
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri 
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe





                    By Fee Range                


$5k

 
$100k+



To Search by Fees Select Event Location




 




 








Home / Speakers / Andrea Jung 








 







                                                    Andrea Jung on Branding and Marketing                                                

 
















 





The product has been added to your shopping cart.

 Save To My Speaker List 







                                Share
                            


























Andrea Jung
President and CEO of Grameen America and Former CEO of Avon Products
 Longest-tenured female Fortune 500 CEO
 Formerly named one of Forbes magazine’s “Most Powerful Women in the World” 
 Stories of how she tripled Avon’s profits and created an unparalleled corporate culture—plus the 7 qualities of successful leaders


Topics & Types
BrandingDiversity & InclusionTurnaroundBusiness Leaders from Major BrandsCEOsFemale Speakers 



Check Availability



Profile
Topics




Andrea Jung is the former chairman of the board and CEO of Avon. Throughout her career, she ranked consistently among the top leaders in world on lists including Fortune magazine’s “Most Powerful Women in Business,” Forbes magazine’s “Most Powerful Women in the World,” and Financial Times’ “Top Women in World Business.” A role model and trailblazer for women, she was Avon’s first female CEO, despite the company’s 126-year history, and the first female CEO at a cosmetics company who was not also its founder. At the time, she was also the longest-tenured female Fortune 500 CEO in history. Jung is currently the president and CEO of Grameen America, where she is working to scale the organization to solve economic issues for women and their families across the country through microloans, training, and support. She is also on the boards of directors at General Electric and Apple.
Exclusively represented by Leading Authorities speakers bureau, Jung is a powerful speaker on leading a global business, business strategy and innovation, marketing and branding, and motivating teams. During her time at Avon as chairman and CEO, she was responsible for developing the company’s strategies, brand initiatives, and economic opportunities model for women, expanding around the world into more than 100 countries. She is credited with defining Avon as more than just a cosmetics company, leading it to become the company for women and enabling economic independence and self-sufficiency for millions of women worldwide.
Jung is lauded globally for her passionate dedication to empowering women, through economic earnings opportunities and through her pursuit of public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic.
Notable Awards. Among her other awards, Brandweek named her “Marketer of the Year,” Ladies Home Journal named her one of the “30 Most Powerful Women,” and she was listed at number eight in “Corporate America’s 50 Most Powerful Women.” She was also named one of the top “25 Women to Watch” by Advertising Age. She was given the American Advertising Federation’s Advertising Hall of Achievement award, and for her philanthropic work, she was awarded the Clinton Global Citizen Award for “visionary leadership in solving pressing global challenges.”
Work History. Jung joined Avon in 1994 as president, product marketing. She was elected president of global marketing in 1996, executive vice president in 1997, president and a director of the company in 1998, chief operating officer in 1998, CEO in 1999, and chairman in 2001. She was also the first female to serve as chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association and chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.     Continue Reading » 






Download Bio








Leading a Global Business. With her vast experience as the longest-tenured female Fortune 500 CEO, Andrea Jung addresses how to lead a global business. She describes her seven qualities of successful leaders: passion, compassion, courage, humility, pride, perseverance, and impactfulness and shares stories about how they helped her more than triple Avon’s profits and transform the organization into the company for women. Leading a successful business in today’s rapidly-changing, globalized world requires all seven characteristics, and Jung shares the knowledge that allowed her to transform Avon’s operating model and cost structure, expand internationally, improve brand perception, reinvent corporate culture, manage change, take calculated risks, and succeed where others had failed.
Technology and Innovation. In order to turn Avon around and create years of double-digit growth, Andrea Jung prioritized strategy and innovation in her organization. She discusses the role that technology played in helping Avon stay competitive, the transformative role of digitization – in terms of integrating technology with geographically-dispersed, independent agents, and how Avon maintained its high level of touch with its customers while also becoming a high tech, modern, web-based businesses. She also addresses using technology to motivate teams.
Marketing and Branding. When Andrea Jung took the helm at Avon, the company was struggling. She injected energy into a tired brand, propelled it into a world of hip, young makeup products, and expanded into untapped demographics. Jung explains how she transformed the brand – the “ding dong” Avon Ladies evolved into modern entrepreneurs who are smart, savvy, and professional – and the perception of the products followed suit. Through focused marketing and branding, she positioned Avon not only to survive a harsh economic climate but to thrive once conditions improved. In her presentations, Jung shares stories from her time at Avon and explains how she put a youthful face on a mature company, proving to be the ultimate makeover artist.
Women in Business. Andrea Jung turned Avon into the company for women. Her goal was to make the organization both profitable and purposeful, and she helped her sales reps all over the world achieve economic self-sufficiency. The founding principle of the company, the direct selling model, has enabled millions of women to become financially independent. Repeatedly named one of Forbes “100 Most Powerful Women,” Jung discusses women in business and the challenges they face in part based on her experience getting originally passed for the CEO position in favor of a man. Continue Reading » 




Download Topics


Topics available to speak on
BrandingDiversity & InclusionTurnaroundBusiness Leaders from Major BrandsCEOsFemale Speakers 







                        Location/Travels from: NY



FEES


Local
$35,001 - $55,000*


US East
$35,001 - $55,000*


US West
$55,001 - $75,000*


Europe
$75,001 and up*


Asia
$75,001 and up*


* This specific fee falls within this range. Ranges are presented
                        as a
                        guideline only. Speaker fees are subject to change without notice.
                        For an exact quote, please contact your Leading Authorities representative.



Check Availability




 Check Fees & Availability



  



  



  



  





North America
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe
South America
  



  





  



  


 

 

 





 



 

Similar Speakers




 



Laura Ries


                                Branding Guru and Best-Selling Author                            





 



Charlotte Beers


                                Legendary Advertising CEO and Former Under Secretary of State for Public...                            





 



Dawn Hudson


                                Chief Marketing Officer at the National Football League and Former President...                            





 



James Skinner


                                Former CEO of McDonald’s and Executive Chairman Walgreen Boots Alliance                            









Need a Speaker for Your Next Event?
Get a custom list of top recommendations today.

Need a Speaker?

or call 1-800-SPEAKER



Need a Speaker?




 
 
 
 

North America
Africa
Asia
Australia
Europe
South America
  


 
    


   
 




Your message has been sent. Thank you.





 


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





we also search social networks:

















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip



















Andrea Jung - Wikipedia






















 






Andrea Jung

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Andrea Jung



Andrea Jung (far right) with Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, and Hillary Clinton at the International Women of Courage Awards, 10 March 2010.



Born
1959 (age 57–58)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Nationality
Canadian-American


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A.)


Occupation
President & CEO of Grameen America


Spouse(s)
Michael Gould (divorced)


Children
2


Andrea Jung (鍾彬嫻, pinyin: Zhōng Bīnxián, jyutping: zung1 ban1 haa4) (born 1958)[1][2] is a Canadian-American executive, non-profit leader, and prominent women's-issues supporter. In April, 2014, she became President and CEO of Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization founded by Nobel Peace Prize winner, Muhammad Yunus.[3] Grameen is the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States, providing the largest number of microfinance loans to individuals and small businesses.[4] From 1999 until 2012, she served as the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products, Inc., a multi-level marketing company. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.
Jung received the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership of Avon Foundation for Women and other public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world.[5]
After resigning her CEO role at Avon, Jung continued as chair of Avon’s board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to Avon’s board through April, 2014.[6][7]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career
3 Boards
4 Personal
5 References
6 External links



Early life[edit]
Jung was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1959[8] and raised in Wellesley, Massachusetts.[9] As a child, she studied the piano and took lessons in Mandarin on Saturday mornings.[10]
Her mother is a Shanghai-born amateur pianist. Jung's father is a Hong Kong-born retired architect, formerly a partner at TRO Jung Brannen, who also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Jung is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University and is fluent in Mandarin.[11] Her brother, Mark Jung, also graduated from Princeton University and went on to become co-founder and CEO of IGN which he continued to run after its acquisition by NewsCorp.[12]
Career[edit]
Jung was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus, responsible for all of women’s apparel, accessories, and cosmetics.[9] Before that, she was senior vice president, general merchandising manager, for I. Magnin.[13]
Jung joined Avon Products, Inc. in 1994 as the company's president in its product marketing group. She became president of global marketing in 1996 and executive vice president/president of global marketing and new business in 1997. Her responsibilities at that time centered primarily around market research, joint ventures and strategic planning. She then became president and chief operating officer, with responsibility for all business units of Avon worldwide. She has been on the company's board of directors since 1998. In November 1999, Jung was promoted to chairman of the board and chief executive officer.[14]
In December, 2011, Avon announced that it had initiated a search for a new chief executive with Jung helping to choose her replacement and continuing as chairman of the board for the next two years. Avon faced several controversies at the time of her resignation. The company's stock had dropped 45 percent in 2011. Avon's third quarter earnings report stated that sales targets would be unattainable and disclosed that there were two ongoing SEC inquiries. Net income in the third quarter fell to $164.2 million, or 38 cents a share (below analysts' estimates of 46 cents a share), from $166.7 million, or 38 cents, a year earlier. The results marked the fourth time in five-quarters that profit trailed analysts’ projections. There was also a three-year probe into an alleged bribery of foreign officials has already caused the dismissal of four Avon executives.[9][15][16][17]
Jung was named one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most powerful women in 2004. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 25th most powerful woman.[18] In 2012, she was named in the list of the worst 5 CEOs of 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek.[19]
Boards[edit]

Jung has been on the board of directors of General Electric since 1998.[20]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of Princeton University from July 1999 to June 2003.[21]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital from 2001-2014.[22][citation needed]
Jung joined Apple's board of directors on 7 January 2008.[23]
In 2013, Jung became co-founder and chair of the board for Venly, a Cambridge, Massachusetts distributed resource software and services firm that trains recent graduates and returning veterans to be community social media consultants for local businesses.[24]
In February 2013, Jung was nominated as a member of the supervisory board of Daimler AG, part of the company’s plan to increase female representation.[25]

Personal[edit]
Jung was married twice. Jung's second ex-husband, Michael Gould, was the CEO of Bloomingdale's, the first company she worked for after college.[26][27][28][29]
Jung has two children, an adopted son James (Jamie) Gould with her ex-husband Gould and a daughter Lauren Christensen from her first marriage.[8][30][31]
References[edit]


^ Hirahara, Naomi (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders (illustrated ed.). Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1573563444. 
^ "Andrea Jung". Daimler AG. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ Lublin, Joann S. (2014-04-04). "Andrea Jung, Former Avon CEO, to Run Microfinance Group". The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved 2014-04-07. 
^ Klein, Joyce (2013-10-13). "What We Know About Microcredit in the US". The Aspen Institute. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Board of Directors". Grameen America. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Avon names Sherilyn McCoy CEO, replacing Andrea Jung". USA Today. 9 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ Coleman-Lochner, Lauren (6 October 2012). "Avon’s Andrea Jung Exit Marks End of Era at Cosmetics Retailer". Bloomberg. Retrieved 3 January 2013. 
^ a b "Andrea Jung". BusinessWeek: Small Biz. 2000-09-18. Retrieved 2016-04-17. 
^ a b c Himsel, Deborrah (2014). Beauty Queen: Inside the Reign of Avon's Andrea Jung. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1137278821. 
^ M. Branson, Douglas. The Last Male Bastion: Gender and the CEO Suite in America's Public Companies. 
^ "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA Today. 14 June 2009. 
^ Jones, Del (2009-06-15). "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA TODAY. USA TODAY. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "?". avoncompany.com. Archived from the original on 11 October 2011. 
^ "Andrea Jung - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc.". Avon Products. 
^ "Bloomberg". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Goudreau, Jenna (2011-12-14). "Andrea Jung And The Restless: Avon Replacing Longtime CEO". Forbes. Forbes.com LLC. Retrieved 2013-10-29. 
^ Kowitt, Beth (30 April 2012). "Avon: The Rise and Fall of a Beauty Icon". Fortune. 165 (6): 106–114. Archived from the original on 22 February 2014. Retrieved 26 April 2012. Exclusive: As CEO of Avon, Andrea Jung made bad bets and missed opportunities. Now she's been replaced - and the 126-year-old company has a second bidder lining up. 
^ "#25 Andrea Jung". The 100 Most Powerful Women. Forbes. 19 August 2009. 
^ "#3 Andrea Jung". The Worst CEOs of 2012. Bloomberg Businessweek. 13 December 2012. 
^ "Andrea Jung's Biography". General Electric. 
^ https://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrea-jung/9b/a7b/442
^ "Hospital Leadership". NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital. Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors". Apple Inc. 7 January 2008. 
^ Farmer, Douglas (14 November 2013). "Business Marketing Gets Social" (PDF). The Town Common. Turley Publications. Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 April 2014. Retrieved 2014-04-05. 
^ Tschampa, Dorothee (27 February 2013). "Daimler Nominates Avon Ex-Chief Jung to Supervisory Board". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2013-03-27. 
^ https://books.google.com/books?isbn=113727882X
^ https://books.google.com/books?id=oCYEAwAAQBAJ
^ http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrea-jung-is-avons-ultimate-makeover-artist-2009-12-03
^ http://goldsea.com/Text/index.php?id=11179
^ http://www.asiancemagazine.com/2010/08/30/the-ultimate-power-woman--andrea-jung
^ http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Fl-Ka/Jung-Andrea.html


External links[edit]





Book: Apple Inc.





Andrea Jung Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America
2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards Ceremony on YouTube
Venly.com







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Daimler AG



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Cars




Current
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-AMG
Mercedes-Maybach
Smart






Trucks and vans




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors (80%)
Mercedes-Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus (85%)
Western Star
Defunct
American LaFrance
Sterling Trucks






Buses




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors
Mercedes Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus
Setra/EvoBus
Thomas
Defunct
Orion






Motorsport




Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsport
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains






Other




Alliance Truck Parts
car2Go
Daimler Financial Services

Mercedes-Benz Bank


Detroit Diesel
Mercedes-Benz India
Mercedes-Benz Mexico








Shareholdings
and joint ventures



Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation (50.1%)
Beijing Benz (50%)
Denza (50%)
Tognum AG (50%)
Fujian Benz (50%)
Here (33%)
EADS (22.41%)
Kamaz (10%)
MV Agusta (25%)
Tesla Motors (10%)
Tata Motors (7%)
Aston Martin (5%)





Predecessors



Benz & Company (1883–1926)
Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft AG (1890–1926)
Daimler-Benz AG (1926–98)
DaimlerChrysler AG (1998–2007)





Technologies



Active Cylinder Control
BlueTec





People



Wolfgang Bernhard
Karlfried Nordmann
Andreas Renschler
Hans Scherenberg
Jürgen E. Schrempp
Karl Wilfert
Joachim Zahn
Dieter Zetsche





Other



DaimlerChrysler–Mitsubishi alliance
BeiBen Truck








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


General Electric



Subsidiaries and
divisions




Current



GE Capital

GE Capital Aviation Services
GE Energy Financial Services


GE Technology Infrastructure

GE Aviation
GE Aviation Systems
GE Healthcare
GE Transportation


GE Energy

GE Digital Energy
GE Jenbacher
GE Measurement & Control Solutions
Baker Hughes, a GE Company
GE Power
GE Wind Energy
GE Wind (offshore)


GE Home & Business Solutions

GE Intelligent Platforms


GE Global Research
GE Ventures





Former and
defunct



Australian Guarantee Corporation1
Canadian General Electric1
Compagnia Generale di Elettricità2
Electric Bond and Share Company2
GE Americom2
GE Aerospace2
GE Betz1
GE Capital IT Solutions2
GE Consumer & Industrial
GECIS2
GE Capital Rail Services2

GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)


GE Commercial Finance
GE Equipment Services1
GE Industrial1
GE Oil and Gas1
GE Infrastructure1
GEIS2
Genesis Lease2
GE Security2
Genworth Financial2
Montgomery Ward2
Synchrony Financial2
Tungsram1
Whatman1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings




Current



CFM International (50%)
Engine Alliance (50%)
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (60%)
GE Honda Aero Engines (50%)
Penske Truck Leasing
Prolec GE (49.99%)
TBS GB





Former



Alco-GE (1940–53)
NBC (1926–30, 1986–2004)
NBCUniversal, LLC (2004–13)








Products and brands



Aircraft engines
General Comprehensive Operating System
GEnie
Locomotives
Mazda
Reciprocating engines
Trivection oven
Tungsram





People




Founders



Charles A. Coffin
Thomas Edison
Edwin J. Houston
J. P. Morgan
Elihu Thomson





Other



James Cash Jr.
Ann Fudge
Susan Hockfield
Jeffrey R. Immelt
Andrea Jung
Rochelle Lazarus
Sam Nunn
Roger Penske
Douglas A. Warner III
Jack Welch
Bob Wright








Places and facilities



GE Building
General Electric Building
Nela Park
Realty Plot
Research Laboratory
River Works
Specialty Control Plant
Switchgear Plant
Welch Technology Centre





Other



Edison Engineering Development Program
GE True
The General Electric Concert
General Electric EdgeLab
General Electric Theater
General Imaging
Thomson-Houston Electric Company
Timeline
United States v. General Electric Co.








1Now integrated into other GE divisions or business groupings
2Sold or spun off


 Category
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 85647889
LCCN: n2013060129
NKC: xx0053891










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrea_Jung&oldid=789054326"					
Categories: 1958 birthsAmerican people of Hong Kong descentAmerican retail chief executivesAmerican women chief executivesBusinesspeople from TorontoCanadian emigrants to the United StatesCanadian people of Hong Kong descentCanadian retail chief executivesCanadian women business executivesBusinesspeople from MassachusettsDirectors of Apple Inc.General Electric peopleLiving peoplePeople associated with direct sellingPeople from Wellesley, MassachusettsPrinceton University alumniAmerican nonprofit chief executives20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican businesspeople of Hong Kong descentAmerican cosmetics businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesHidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2013Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 02:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Andrea Jung - Wikipedia






















 






Andrea Jung

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Andrea Jung



Andrea Jung (far right) with Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, and Hillary Clinton at the International Women of Courage Awards, 10 March 2010.



Born
1959 (age 57–58)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Nationality
Canadian-American


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A.)


Occupation
President & CEO of Grameen America


Spouse(s)
Michael Gould (divorced)


Children
2


Andrea Jung (鍾彬嫻, pinyin: Zhōng Bīnxián, jyutping: zung1 ban1 haa4) (born 1958)[1][2] is a Canadian-American executive, non-profit leader, and prominent women's-issues supporter. In April, 2014, she became President and CEO of Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization founded by Nobel Peace Prize winner, Muhammad Yunus.[3] Grameen is the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States, providing the largest number of microfinance loans to individuals and small businesses.[4] From 1999 until 2012, she served as the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products, Inc., a multi-level marketing company. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.
Jung received the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership of Avon Foundation for Women and other public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world.[5]
After resigning her CEO role at Avon, Jung continued as chair of Avon’s board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to Avon’s board through April, 2014.[6][7]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career
3 Boards
4 Personal
5 References
6 External links



Early life[edit]
Jung was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1959[8] and raised in Wellesley, Massachusetts.[9] As a child, she studied the piano and took lessons in Mandarin on Saturday mornings.[10]
Her mother is a Shanghai-born amateur pianist. Jung's father is a Hong Kong-born retired architect, formerly a partner at TRO Jung Brannen, who also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Jung is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University and is fluent in Mandarin.[11] Her brother, Mark Jung, also graduated from Princeton University and went on to become co-founder and CEO of IGN which he continued to run after its acquisition by NewsCorp.[12]
Career[edit]
Jung was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus, responsible for all of women’s apparel, accessories, and cosmetics.[9] Before that, she was senior vice president, general merchandising manager, for I. Magnin.[13]
Jung joined Avon Products, Inc. in 1994 as the company's president in its product marketing group. She became president of global marketing in 1996 and executive vice president/president of global marketing and new business in 1997. Her responsibilities at that time centered primarily around market research, joint ventures and strategic planning. She then became president and chief operating officer, with responsibility for all business units of Avon worldwide. She has been on the company's board of directors since 1998. In November 1999, Jung was promoted to chairman of the board and chief executive officer.[14]
In December, 2011, Avon announced that it had initiated a search for a new chief executive with Jung helping to choose her replacement and continuing as chairman of the board for the next two years. Avon faced several controversies at the time of her resignation. The company's stock had dropped 45 percent in 2011. Avon's third quarter earnings report stated that sales targets would be unattainable and disclosed that there were two ongoing SEC inquiries. Net income in the third quarter fell to $164.2 million, or 38 cents a share (below analysts' estimates of 46 cents a share), from $166.7 million, or 38 cents, a year earlier. The results marked the fourth time in five-quarters that profit trailed analysts’ projections. There was also a three-year probe into an alleged bribery of foreign officials has already caused the dismissal of four Avon executives.[9][15][16][17]
Jung was named one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most powerful women in 2004. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 25th most powerful woman.[18] In 2012, she was named in the list of the worst 5 CEOs of 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek.[19]
Boards[edit]

Jung has been on the board of directors of General Electric since 1998.[20]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of Princeton University from July 1999 to June 2003.[21]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital from 2001-2014.[22][citation needed]
Jung joined Apple's board of directors on 7 January 2008.[23]
In 2013, Jung became co-founder and chair of the board for Venly, a Cambridge, Massachusetts distributed resource software and services firm that trains recent graduates and returning veterans to be community social media consultants for local businesses.[24]
In February 2013, Jung was nominated as a member of the supervisory board of Daimler AG, part of the company’s plan to increase female representation.[25]

Personal[edit]
Jung was married twice. Jung's second ex-husband, Michael Gould, was the CEO of Bloomingdale's, the first company she worked for after college.[26][27][28][29]
Jung has two children, an adopted son James (Jamie) Gould with her ex-husband Gould and a daughter Lauren Christensen from her first marriage.[8][30][31]
References[edit]


^ Hirahara, Naomi (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders (illustrated ed.). Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1573563444. 
^ "Andrea Jung". Daimler AG. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ Lublin, Joann S. (2014-04-04). "Andrea Jung, Former Avon CEO, to Run Microfinance Group". The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved 2014-04-07. 
^ Klein, Joyce (2013-10-13). "What We Know About Microcredit in the US". The Aspen Institute. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Board of Directors". Grameen America. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Avon names Sherilyn McCoy CEO, replacing Andrea Jung". USA Today. 9 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ Coleman-Lochner, Lauren (6 October 2012). "Avon’s Andrea Jung Exit Marks End of Era at Cosmetics Retailer". Bloomberg. Retrieved 3 January 2013. 
^ a b "Andrea Jung". BusinessWeek: Small Biz. 2000-09-18. Retrieved 2016-04-17. 
^ a b c Himsel, Deborrah (2014). Beauty Queen: Inside the Reign of Avon's Andrea Jung. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1137278821. 
^ M. Branson, Douglas. The Last Male Bastion: Gender and the CEO Suite in America's Public Companies. 
^ "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA Today. 14 June 2009. 
^ Jones, Del (2009-06-15). "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA TODAY. USA TODAY. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "?". avoncompany.com. Archived from the original on 11 October 2011. 
^ "Andrea Jung - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc.". Avon Products. 
^ "Bloomberg". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Goudreau, Jenna (2011-12-14). "Andrea Jung And The Restless: Avon Replacing Longtime CEO". Forbes. Forbes.com LLC. Retrieved 2013-10-29. 
^ Kowitt, Beth (30 April 2012). "Avon: The Rise and Fall of a Beauty Icon". Fortune. 165 (6): 106–114. Archived from the original on 22 February 2014. Retrieved 26 April 2012. Exclusive: As CEO of Avon, Andrea Jung made bad bets and missed opportunities. Now she's been replaced - and the 126-year-old company has a second bidder lining up. 
^ "#25 Andrea Jung". The 100 Most Powerful Women. Forbes. 19 August 2009. 
^ "#3 Andrea Jung". The Worst CEOs of 2012. Bloomberg Businessweek. 13 December 2012. 
^ "Andrea Jung's Biography". General Electric. 
^ https://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrea-jung/9b/a7b/442
^ "Hospital Leadership". NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital. Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors". Apple Inc. 7 January 2008. 
^ Farmer, Douglas (14 November 2013). "Business Marketing Gets Social" (PDF). The Town Common. Turley Publications. Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 April 2014. Retrieved 2014-04-05. 
^ Tschampa, Dorothee (27 February 2013). "Daimler Nominates Avon Ex-Chief Jung to Supervisory Board". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2013-03-27. 
^ https://books.google.com/books?isbn=113727882X
^ https://books.google.com/books?id=oCYEAwAAQBAJ
^ http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrea-jung-is-avons-ultimate-makeover-artist-2009-12-03
^ http://goldsea.com/Text/index.php?id=11179
^ http://www.asiancemagazine.com/2010/08/30/the-ultimate-power-woman--andrea-jung
^ http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Fl-Ka/Jung-Andrea.html


External links[edit]





Book: Apple Inc.





Andrea Jung Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America
2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards Ceremony on YouTube
Venly.com







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Daimler AG



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Cars




Current
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-AMG
Mercedes-Maybach
Smart






Trucks and vans




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors (80%)
Mercedes-Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus (85%)
Western Star
Defunct
American LaFrance
Sterling Trucks






Buses




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors
Mercedes Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus
Setra/EvoBus
Thomas
Defunct
Orion






Motorsport




Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsport
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains






Other




Alliance Truck Parts
car2Go
Daimler Financial Services

Mercedes-Benz Bank


Detroit Diesel
Mercedes-Benz India
Mercedes-Benz Mexico








Shareholdings
and joint ventures



Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation (50.1%)
Beijing Benz (50%)
Denza (50%)
Tognum AG (50%)
Fujian Benz (50%)
Here (33%)
EADS (22.41%)
Kamaz (10%)
MV Agusta (25%)
Tesla Motors (10%)
Tata Motors (7%)
Aston Martin (5%)





Predecessors



Benz & Company (1883–1926)
Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft AG (1890–1926)
Daimler-Benz AG (1926–98)
DaimlerChrysler AG (1998–2007)





Technologies



Active Cylinder Control
BlueTec





People



Wolfgang Bernhard
Karlfried Nordmann
Andreas Renschler
Hans Scherenberg
Jürgen E. Schrempp
Karl Wilfert
Joachim Zahn
Dieter Zetsche





Other



DaimlerChrysler–Mitsubishi alliance
BeiBen Truck








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


General Electric



Subsidiaries and
divisions




Current



GE Capital

GE Capital Aviation Services
GE Energy Financial Services


GE Technology Infrastructure

GE Aviation
GE Aviation Systems
GE Healthcare
GE Transportation


GE Energy

GE Digital Energy
GE Jenbacher
GE Measurement & Control Solutions
Baker Hughes, a GE Company
GE Power
GE Wind Energy
GE Wind (offshore)


GE Home & Business Solutions

GE Intelligent Platforms


GE Global Research
GE Ventures





Former and
defunct



Australian Guarantee Corporation1
Canadian General Electric1
Compagnia Generale di Elettricità2
Electric Bond and Share Company2
GE Americom2
GE Aerospace2
GE Betz1
GE Capital IT Solutions2
GE Consumer & Industrial
GECIS2
GE Capital Rail Services2

GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)


GE Commercial Finance
GE Equipment Services1
GE Industrial1
GE Oil and Gas1
GE Infrastructure1
GEIS2
Genesis Lease2
GE Security2
Genworth Financial2
Montgomery Ward2
Synchrony Financial2
Tungsram1
Whatman1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings




Current



CFM International (50%)
Engine Alliance (50%)
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (60%)
GE Honda Aero Engines (50%)
Penske Truck Leasing
Prolec GE (49.99%)
TBS GB





Former



Alco-GE (1940–53)
NBC (1926–30, 1986–2004)
NBCUniversal, LLC (2004–13)








Products and brands



Aircraft engines
General Comprehensive Operating System
GEnie
Locomotives
Mazda
Reciprocating engines
Trivection oven
Tungsram





People




Founders



Charles A. Coffin
Thomas Edison
Edwin J. Houston
J. P. Morgan
Elihu Thomson





Other



James Cash Jr.
Ann Fudge
Susan Hockfield
Jeffrey R. Immelt
Andrea Jung
Rochelle Lazarus
Sam Nunn
Roger Penske
Douglas A. Warner III
Jack Welch
Bob Wright








Places and facilities



GE Building
General Electric Building
Nela Park
Realty Plot
Research Laboratory
River Works
Specialty Control Plant
Switchgear Plant
Welch Technology Centre





Other



Edison Engineering Development Program
GE True
The General Electric Concert
General Electric EdgeLab
General Electric Theater
General Imaging
Thomson-Houston Electric Company
Timeline
United States v. General Electric Co.








1Now integrated into other GE divisions or business groupings
2Sold or spun off


 Category
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 85647889
LCCN: n2013060129
NKC: xx0053891










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrea_Jung&oldid=789054326"					
Categories: 1958 birthsAmerican people of Hong Kong descentAmerican retail chief executivesAmerican women chief executivesBusinesspeople from TorontoCanadian emigrants to the United StatesCanadian people of Hong Kong descentCanadian retail chief executivesCanadian women business executivesBusinesspeople from MassachusettsDirectors of Apple Inc.General Electric peopleLiving peoplePeople associated with direct sellingPeople from Wellesley, MassachusettsPrinceton University alumniAmerican nonprofit chief executives20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican businesspeople of Hong Kong descentAmerican cosmetics businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesHidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2013Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 02:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Andrea Jung - Wikipedia






















 






Andrea Jung

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Andrea Jung



Andrea Jung (far right) with Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, and Hillary Clinton at the International Women of Courage Awards, 10 March 2010.



Born
1959 (age 57–58)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Nationality
Canadian-American


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A.)


Occupation
President & CEO of Grameen America


Spouse(s)
Michael Gould (divorced)


Children
2


Andrea Jung (鍾彬嫻, pinyin: Zhōng Bīnxián, jyutping: zung1 ban1 haa4) (born 1958)[1][2] is a Canadian-American executive, non-profit leader, and prominent women's-issues supporter. In April, 2014, she became President and CEO of Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization founded by Nobel Peace Prize winner, Muhammad Yunus.[3] Grameen is the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States, providing the largest number of microfinance loans to individuals and small businesses.[4] From 1999 until 2012, she served as the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products, Inc., a multi-level marketing company. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.
Jung received the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership of Avon Foundation for Women and other public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world.[5]
After resigning her CEO role at Avon, Jung continued as chair of Avon’s board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to Avon’s board through April, 2014.[6][7]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career
3 Boards
4 Personal
5 References
6 External links



Early life[edit]
Jung was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1959[8] and raised in Wellesley, Massachusetts.[9] As a child, she studied the piano and took lessons in Mandarin on Saturday mornings.[10]
Her mother is a Shanghai-born amateur pianist. Jung's father is a Hong Kong-born retired architect, formerly a partner at TRO Jung Brannen, who also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Jung is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University and is fluent in Mandarin.[11] Her brother, Mark Jung, also graduated from Princeton University and went on to become co-founder and CEO of IGN which he continued to run after its acquisition by NewsCorp.[12]
Career[edit]
Jung was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus, responsible for all of women’s apparel, accessories, and cosmetics.[9] Before that, she was senior vice president, general merchandising manager, for I. Magnin.[13]
Jung joined Avon Products, Inc. in 1994 as the company's president in its product marketing group. She became president of global marketing in 1996 and executive vice president/president of global marketing and new business in 1997. Her responsibilities at that time centered primarily around market research, joint ventures and strategic planning. She then became president and chief operating officer, with responsibility for all business units of Avon worldwide. She has been on the company's board of directors since 1998. In November 1999, Jung was promoted to chairman of the board and chief executive officer.[14]
In December, 2011, Avon announced that it had initiated a search for a new chief executive with Jung helping to choose her replacement and continuing as chairman of the board for the next two years. Avon faced several controversies at the time of her resignation. The company's stock had dropped 45 percent in 2011. Avon's third quarter earnings report stated that sales targets would be unattainable and disclosed that there were two ongoing SEC inquiries. Net income in the third quarter fell to $164.2 million, or 38 cents a share (below analysts' estimates of 46 cents a share), from $166.7 million, or 38 cents, a year earlier. The results marked the fourth time in five-quarters that profit trailed analysts’ projections. There was also a three-year probe into an alleged bribery of foreign officials has already caused the dismissal of four Avon executives.[9][15][16][17]
Jung was named one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most powerful women in 2004. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 25th most powerful woman.[18] In 2012, she was named in the list of the worst 5 CEOs of 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek.[19]
Boards[edit]

Jung has been on the board of directors of General Electric since 1998.[20]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of Princeton University from July 1999 to June 2003.[21]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital from 2001-2014.[22][citation needed]
Jung joined Apple's board of directors on 7 January 2008.[23]
In 2013, Jung became co-founder and chair of the board for Venly, a Cambridge, Massachusetts distributed resource software and services firm that trains recent graduates and returning veterans to be community social media consultants for local businesses.[24]
In February 2013, Jung was nominated as a member of the supervisory board of Daimler AG, part of the company’s plan to increase female representation.[25]

Personal[edit]
Jung was married twice. Jung's second ex-husband, Michael Gould, was the CEO of Bloomingdale's, the first company she worked for after college.[26][27][28][29]
Jung has two children, an adopted son James (Jamie) Gould with her ex-husband Gould and a daughter Lauren Christensen from her first marriage.[8][30][31]
References[edit]


^ Hirahara, Naomi (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders (illustrated ed.). Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1573563444. 
^ "Andrea Jung". Daimler AG. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ Lublin, Joann S. (2014-04-04). "Andrea Jung, Former Avon CEO, to Run Microfinance Group". The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved 2014-04-07. 
^ Klein, Joyce (2013-10-13). "What We Know About Microcredit in the US". The Aspen Institute. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Board of Directors". Grameen America. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Avon names Sherilyn McCoy CEO, replacing Andrea Jung". USA Today. 9 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ Coleman-Lochner, Lauren (6 October 2012). "Avon’s Andrea Jung Exit Marks End of Era at Cosmetics Retailer". Bloomberg. Retrieved 3 January 2013. 
^ a b "Andrea Jung". BusinessWeek: Small Biz. 2000-09-18. Retrieved 2016-04-17. 
^ a b c Himsel, Deborrah (2014). Beauty Queen: Inside the Reign of Avon's Andrea Jung. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1137278821. 
^ M. Branson, Douglas. The Last Male Bastion: Gender and the CEO Suite in America's Public Companies. 
^ "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA Today. 14 June 2009. 
^ Jones, Del (2009-06-15). "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA TODAY. USA TODAY. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "?". avoncompany.com. Archived from the original on 11 October 2011. 
^ "Andrea Jung - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc.". Avon Products. 
^ "Bloomberg". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Goudreau, Jenna (2011-12-14). "Andrea Jung And The Restless: Avon Replacing Longtime CEO". Forbes. Forbes.com LLC. Retrieved 2013-10-29. 
^ Kowitt, Beth (30 April 2012). "Avon: The Rise and Fall of a Beauty Icon". Fortune. 165 (6): 106–114. Archived from the original on 22 February 2014. Retrieved 26 April 2012. Exclusive: As CEO of Avon, Andrea Jung made bad bets and missed opportunities. Now she's been replaced - and the 126-year-old company has a second bidder lining up. 
^ "#25 Andrea Jung". The 100 Most Powerful Women. Forbes. 19 August 2009. 
^ "#3 Andrea Jung". The Worst CEOs of 2012. Bloomberg Businessweek. 13 December 2012. 
^ "Andrea Jung's Biography". General Electric. 
^ https://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrea-jung/9b/a7b/442
^ "Hospital Leadership". NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital. Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors". Apple Inc. 7 January 2008. 
^ Farmer, Douglas (14 November 2013). "Business Marketing Gets Social" (PDF). The Town Common. Turley Publications. Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 April 2014. Retrieved 2014-04-05. 
^ Tschampa, Dorothee (27 February 2013). "Daimler Nominates Avon Ex-Chief Jung to Supervisory Board". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2013-03-27. 
^ https://books.google.com/books?isbn=113727882X
^ https://books.google.com/books?id=oCYEAwAAQBAJ
^ http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrea-jung-is-avons-ultimate-makeover-artist-2009-12-03
^ http://goldsea.com/Text/index.php?id=11179
^ http://www.asiancemagazine.com/2010/08/30/the-ultimate-power-woman--andrea-jung
^ http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Fl-Ka/Jung-Andrea.html


External links[edit]





Book: Apple Inc.





Andrea Jung Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America
2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards Ceremony on YouTube
Venly.com







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Daimler AG



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Cars




Current
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-AMG
Mercedes-Maybach
Smart






Trucks and vans




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors (80%)
Mercedes-Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus (85%)
Western Star
Defunct
American LaFrance
Sterling Trucks






Buses




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors
Mercedes Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus
Setra/EvoBus
Thomas
Defunct
Orion






Motorsport




Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsport
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains






Other




Alliance Truck Parts
car2Go
Daimler Financial Services

Mercedes-Benz Bank


Detroit Diesel
Mercedes-Benz India
Mercedes-Benz Mexico








Shareholdings
and joint ventures



Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation (50.1%)
Beijing Benz (50%)
Denza (50%)
Tognum AG (50%)
Fujian Benz (50%)
Here (33%)
EADS (22.41%)
Kamaz (10%)
MV Agusta (25%)
Tesla Motors (10%)
Tata Motors (7%)
Aston Martin (5%)





Predecessors



Benz & Company (1883–1926)
Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft AG (1890–1926)
Daimler-Benz AG (1926–98)
DaimlerChrysler AG (1998–2007)





Technologies



Active Cylinder Control
BlueTec





People



Wolfgang Bernhard
Karlfried Nordmann
Andreas Renschler
Hans Scherenberg
Jürgen E. Schrempp
Karl Wilfert
Joachim Zahn
Dieter Zetsche





Other



DaimlerChrysler–Mitsubishi alliance
BeiBen Truck








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


General Electric



Subsidiaries and
divisions




Current



GE Capital

GE Capital Aviation Services
GE Energy Financial Services


GE Technology Infrastructure

GE Aviation
GE Aviation Systems
GE Healthcare
GE Transportation


GE Energy

GE Digital Energy
GE Jenbacher
GE Measurement & Control Solutions
Baker Hughes, a GE Company
GE Power
GE Wind Energy
GE Wind (offshore)


GE Home & Business Solutions

GE Intelligent Platforms


GE Global Research
GE Ventures





Former and
defunct



Australian Guarantee Corporation1
Canadian General Electric1
Compagnia Generale di Elettricità2
Electric Bond and Share Company2
GE Americom2
GE Aerospace2
GE Betz1
GE Capital IT Solutions2
GE Consumer & Industrial
GECIS2
GE Capital Rail Services2

GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)


GE Commercial Finance
GE Equipment Services1
GE Industrial1
GE Oil and Gas1
GE Infrastructure1
GEIS2
Genesis Lease2
GE Security2
Genworth Financial2
Montgomery Ward2
Synchrony Financial2
Tungsram1
Whatman1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings




Current



CFM International (50%)
Engine Alliance (50%)
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (60%)
GE Honda Aero Engines (50%)
Penske Truck Leasing
Prolec GE (49.99%)
TBS GB





Former



Alco-GE (1940–53)
NBC (1926–30, 1986–2004)
NBCUniversal, LLC (2004–13)








Products and brands



Aircraft engines
General Comprehensive Operating System
GEnie
Locomotives
Mazda
Reciprocating engines
Trivection oven
Tungsram





People




Founders



Charles A. Coffin
Thomas Edison
Edwin J. Houston
J. P. Morgan
Elihu Thomson





Other



James Cash Jr.
Ann Fudge
Susan Hockfield
Jeffrey R. Immelt
Andrea Jung
Rochelle Lazarus
Sam Nunn
Roger Penske
Douglas A. Warner III
Jack Welch
Bob Wright








Places and facilities



GE Building
General Electric Building
Nela Park
Realty Plot
Research Laboratory
River Works
Specialty Control Plant
Switchgear Plant
Welch Technology Centre





Other



Edison Engineering Development Program
GE True
The General Electric Concert
General Electric EdgeLab
General Electric Theater
General Imaging
Thomson-Houston Electric Company
Timeline
United States v. General Electric Co.








1Now integrated into other GE divisions or business groupings
2Sold or spun off


 Category
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 85647889
LCCN: n2013060129
NKC: xx0053891










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrea_Jung&oldid=789054326"					
Categories: 1958 birthsAmerican people of Hong Kong descentAmerican retail chief executivesAmerican women chief executivesBusinesspeople from TorontoCanadian emigrants to the United StatesCanadian people of Hong Kong descentCanadian retail chief executivesCanadian women business executivesBusinesspeople from MassachusettsDirectors of Apple Inc.General Electric peopleLiving peoplePeople associated with direct sellingPeople from Wellesley, MassachusettsPrinceton University alumniAmerican nonprofit chief executives20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican businesspeople of Hong Kong descentAmerican cosmetics businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesHidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2013Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 02:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 








Clinton Global Citizen Awards 2010: Andrea Jung - YouTube 


 
  



















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Clinton Global Citizen Awards 2010: Andrea Jung
  



 










Clinton Global Initiative













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Clinton Global Initiative?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe11K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

1,949 views







4

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



5


1

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



2











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on Nov 9, 2010At the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards, Andrea Jung, Chairman and CEO, Avon Products, accepts the award for Leadership in the Corporate Sector. 



      Category
    

Nonprofits & Activism




      License
    

Standard YouTube License




 Show more
Show less






Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    Muhammad Yunus and Andrea Jung of Grameen Bank: Talks at GS Session Highlights
  

     - Duration: 18:32.
  
Goldman Sachs
1,515 views





            18:32
          














    Andrea Jung: Scaling a social business to meet the needs of low-income women
  

     - Duration: 58:07.
  
Saïd Business School, University of Oxford
646 views





            58:07
          





    Managing a Global Enterprise: Andrea Jung, CEO of Avon
  

     - Duration: 56:23.
  
Stanford Graduate School of Business
35,224 views





            56:23
          





    Andrea Jung | Talks at Google
  

     - Duration: 56:11.
  
Talks at Google
7,005 views





            56:11
          





    Best of Andrea Jung | Porto Business School Leadership Grand Conference 2014
  

     - Duration: 5:19.
  
PortoBusinessSchool
680 views





            5:19
          





    The Inside Story Behind the Rise and Fall of Avon's Andrea Jung
  

     - Duration: 3:05.
  
TheStreet
1,101 views





            3:05
          





    Andrea Jung, Grameen America CEO: Talks at GS
  

     - Duration: 2:08.
  
Goldman Sachs
1,031 views





            2:08
          





    How Wonderful!
  

     - Duration: 6:31.
  
clwoody
1,913 views





            6:31
          





    Hello Green Tomorrow Avon Cosmetics Andrea Jung CEO2010.flv
  

     - Duration: 2:48.
  
GailsAvon Reynolds
1,005 views





            2:48
          





    Clinton Global Citizen Awards 2010: Suraya Pakzad
  

     - Duration: 7:39.
  
Clinton Global Initiative
1,261 views





            7:39
          





    Clinton Global Citizen Awards 2010: Dr. Mohammed Ibrahim
  

     - Duration: 10:33.
  
Clinton Global Initiative
3,637 views





            10:33
          





    How to tie Gele:  Ewi style & Trad OOTD ft. ChicGele.com
  

     - Duration: 18:53.
  
Chichichikito
31,228 views





            18:53
          





    Andrea Jung Accepts the 2010 B.C. Forbes Peopling of America Award
  

     - Duration: 5:40.
  
nlcllc1
1,255 views





            5:40
          





    Andrea Jung, Avon
  

     - Duration: 28:46.
  
Stanford Graduate School of Business
12,765 views





            28:46
          





    CGI U - Clinton Global Initiative University
  

     - Duration: 3:45.
  
Clinton Global Initiative
11,938 views





            3:45
          





    Clinton Global Citizen Awards 2010: Kevin Spacey
  

     - Duration: 3:04.
  
Clinton Global Initiative
3,278 views





            3:04
          





    Andrea Jung | Charlie Rose
  

     - Duration: 2:20.
  
Charlie Rose
19,823 views





            2:20
          





    Phone sale - Wife objection passed
  

     - Duration: 3:25.
  
Adrian Soare
258,535 views





            3:25
          





    Oprah Winfrey- A Transformational Leader
  

     - Duration: 5:01.
  
Jennerz41
38,039 views





            5:01
          





    Imagine All The People: President Clinton's Closing Remarks - CGI 2016 Annual Meeting
  

     - Duration: 2:06:34.
  
Clinton Global Initiative
1,468 views





            2:06:34
          




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 




Andrea Jung - Wikipedia






















 






Andrea Jung

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Andrea Jung



Andrea Jung (far right) with Reese Witherspoon, Michelle Obama, and Hillary Clinton at the International Women of Courage Awards, 10 March 2010.



Born
1959 (age 57–58)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada


Nationality
Canadian-American


Alma mater
Princeton University (B.A.)


Occupation
President & CEO of Grameen America


Spouse(s)
Michael Gould (divorced)


Children
2


Andrea Jung (鍾彬嫻, pinyin: Zhōng Bīnxián, jyutping: zung1 ban1 haa4) (born 1958)[1][2] is a Canadian-American executive, non-profit leader, and prominent women's-issues supporter. In April, 2014, she became President and CEO of Grameen America, a nonprofit microfinance organization founded by Nobel Peace Prize winner, Muhammad Yunus.[3] Grameen is the fastest-growing microfinance organization in the United States, providing the largest number of microfinance loans to individuals and small businesses.[4] From 1999 until 2012, she served as the first female CEO and Chairwoman of Avon Products, Inc., a multi-level marketing company. Jung was also the first woman to serve as Chairman of the Cosmetic, Toiletry & Fragrance Association, and Chairman of the World Federation of Direct Selling Associations.
Jung received the 2010 Clinton Global Citizen Award for her leadership of Avon Foundation for Women and other public-private partnerships to end violence against women and to stem the breast cancer epidemic. Under her leadership, the Avon Foundation for Women raised and awarded nearly $1 billion to support health and empowerment causes, becoming the largest women-focused corporate philanthropy around the world.[5]
After resigning her CEO role at Avon, Jung continued as chair of Avon’s board of directors through the end of 2012 and then as a senior advisor to Avon’s board through April, 2014.[6][7]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Career
3 Boards
4 Personal
5 References
6 External links



Early life[edit]
Jung was born in Toronto, Ontario in 1959[8] and raised in Wellesley, Massachusetts.[9] As a child, she studied the piano and took lessons in Mandarin on Saturday mornings.[10]
Her mother is a Shanghai-born amateur pianist. Jung's father is a Hong Kong-born retired architect, formerly a partner at TRO Jung Brannen, who also taught at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Jung is a magna cum laude graduate of Princeton University and is fluent in Mandarin.[11] Her brother, Mark Jung, also graduated from Princeton University and went on to become co-founder and CEO of IGN which he continued to run after its acquisition by NewsCorp.[12]
Career[edit]
Jung was executive vice president of Neiman Marcus, responsible for all of women’s apparel, accessories, and cosmetics.[9] Before that, she was senior vice president, general merchandising manager, for I. Magnin.[13]
Jung joined Avon Products, Inc. in 1994 as the company's president in its product marketing group. She became president of global marketing in 1996 and executive vice president/president of global marketing and new business in 1997. Her responsibilities at that time centered primarily around market research, joint ventures and strategic planning. She then became president and chief operating officer, with responsibility for all business units of Avon worldwide. She has been on the company's board of directors since 1998. In November 1999, Jung was promoted to chairman of the board and chief executive officer.[14]
In December, 2011, Avon announced that it had initiated a search for a new chief executive with Jung helping to choose her replacement and continuing as chairman of the board for the next two years. Avon faced several controversies at the time of her resignation. The company's stock had dropped 45 percent in 2011. Avon's third quarter earnings report stated that sales targets would be unattainable and disclosed that there were two ongoing SEC inquiries. Net income in the third quarter fell to $164.2 million, or 38 cents a share (below analysts' estimates of 46 cents a share), from $166.7 million, or 38 cents, a year earlier. The results marked the fourth time in five-quarters that profit trailed analysts’ projections. There was also a three-year probe into an alleged bribery of foreign officials has already caused the dismissal of four Avon executives.[9][15][16][17]
Jung was named one of Forbes magazine's 100 Most powerful women in 2004. In 2009, Forbes ranked her the 25th most powerful woman.[18] In 2012, she was named in the list of the worst 5 CEOs of 2012 by Bloomberg Businessweek.[19]
Boards[edit]

Jung has been on the board of directors of General Electric since 1998.[20]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of Princeton University from July 1999 to June 2003.[21]
Jung was a member of the Board of Trustees of NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital from 2001-2014.[22][citation needed]
Jung joined Apple's board of directors on 7 January 2008.[23]
In 2013, Jung became co-founder and chair of the board for Venly, a Cambridge, Massachusetts distributed resource software and services firm that trains recent graduates and returning veterans to be community social media consultants for local businesses.[24]
In February 2013, Jung was nominated as a member of the supervisory board of Daimler AG, part of the company’s plan to increase female representation.[25]

Personal[edit]
Jung was married twice. Jung's second ex-husband, Michael Gould, was the CEO of Bloomingdale's, the first company she worked for after college.[26][27][28][29]
Jung has two children, an adopted son James (Jamie) Gould with her ex-husband Gould and a daughter Lauren Christensen from her first marriage.[8][30][31]
References[edit]


^ Hirahara, Naomi (2003). Distinguished Asian American Business Leaders (illustrated ed.). Greenwood Publishing Group. ISBN 978-1573563444. 
^ "Andrea Jung". Daimler AG. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ Lublin, Joann S. (2014-04-04). "Andrea Jung, Former Avon CEO, to Run Microfinance Group". The Wall Street Journal. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Retrieved 2014-04-07. 
^ Klein, Joyce (2013-10-13). "What We Know About Microcredit in the US". The Aspen Institute. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Board of Directors". Grameen America. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "Avon names Sherilyn McCoy CEO, replacing Andrea Jung". USA Today. 9 April 2012. Retrieved 11 April 2012. 
^ Coleman-Lochner, Lauren (6 October 2012). "Avon’s Andrea Jung Exit Marks End of Era at Cosmetics Retailer". Bloomberg. Retrieved 3 January 2013. 
^ a b "Andrea Jung". BusinessWeek: Small Biz. 2000-09-18. Retrieved 2016-04-17. 
^ a b c Himsel, Deborrah (2014). Beauty Queen: Inside the Reign of Avon's Andrea Jung. Macmillan. ISBN 978-1137278821. 
^ M. Branson, Douglas. The Last Male Bastion: Gender and the CEO Suite in America's Public Companies. 
^ "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA Today. 14 June 2009. 
^ Jones, Del (2009-06-15). "Avon's Andrea Jung: CEOs need to reinvent themselves". USA TODAY. USA TODAY. Retrieved 2014-04-23. 
^ "?". avoncompany.com. Archived from the original on 11 October 2011. 
^ "Andrea Jung - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, Avon Products, Inc.". Avon Products. 
^ "Bloomberg". Bloomberg.com. 
^ Goudreau, Jenna (2011-12-14). "Andrea Jung And The Restless: Avon Replacing Longtime CEO". Forbes. Forbes.com LLC. Retrieved 2013-10-29. 
^ Kowitt, Beth (30 April 2012). "Avon: The Rise and Fall of a Beauty Icon". Fortune. 165 (6): 106–114. Archived from the original on 22 February 2014. Retrieved 26 April 2012. Exclusive: As CEO of Avon, Andrea Jung made bad bets and missed opportunities. Now she's been replaced - and the 126-year-old company has a second bidder lining up. 
^ "#25 Andrea Jung". The 100 Most Powerful Women. Forbes. 19 August 2009. 
^ "#3 Andrea Jung". The Worst CEOs of 2012. Bloomberg Businessweek. 13 December 2012. 
^ "Andrea Jung's Biography". General Electric. 
^ https://www.linkedin.com/pub/andrea-jung/9b/a7b/442
^ "Hospital Leadership". NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital. Retrieved 2014-04-21. 
^ "Andrea Jung Joins Apple’s Board of Directors". Apple Inc. 7 January 2008. 
^ Farmer, Douglas (14 November 2013). "Business Marketing Gets Social" (PDF). The Town Common. Turley Publications. Archived from the original (PDF) on 25 April 2014. Retrieved 2014-04-05. 
^ Tschampa, Dorothee (27 February 2013). "Daimler Nominates Avon Ex-Chief Jung to Supervisory Board". Bloomberg.com. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved 2013-03-27. 
^ https://books.google.com/books?isbn=113727882X
^ https://books.google.com/books?id=oCYEAwAAQBAJ
^ http://www.marketwatch.com/story/andrea-jung-is-avons-ultimate-makeover-artist-2009-12-03
^ http://goldsea.com/Text/index.php?id=11179
^ http://www.asiancemagazine.com/2010/08/30/the-ultimate-power-woman--andrea-jung
^ http://www.notablebiographies.com/supp/Supplement-Fl-Ka/Jung-Andrea.html


External links[edit]





Book: Apple Inc.





Andrea Jung Video produced by Makers: Women Who Make America
2010 Clinton Global Citizen Awards Ceremony on YouTube
Venly.com







v
t
e


Apple Inc.






History
Outline





Founders



Steve Jobs
Steve Wozniak
Ronald Wayne








Board of
directors




Current



James A. Bell
Tim Cook (CEO)
Albert Gore Jr.
Robert A. Iger
Andrea Jung
Arthur D. Levinson (Chairman)
Ronald D. Sugar
Susan L. Wagner





Former



Fred D. Anderson
Gil Amelio
Bill Campbell
Mickey Drexler
Larry Ellison
Steve Jobs
Delano Lewis
Mike Markkula
Arthur Rock
Eric Schmidt
John Sculley
Edgar S. Woolard Jr.
Jerry York








Executives




Current



Tim Cook (CEO)
Jonathan Ive (CDO)
Jeff Williams (COO)
Luca Maestri (CFO)
Angela Ahrendts
Philip W. Schiller
Eddy Cue
Craig Federighi
Dan Riccio
Johny Srouji
Bruce Sewell
Lisa Jackson





Former



Steve Jobs
Fred D. Anderson
John Browett
Tony Fadell
Scott Forstall
Nancy R. Heinen
Ron Johnson
Peter Oppenheimer
Mark Papermaster
Jon Rubinstein
Bertrand Serlet
Sina Tamaddon
Avie Tevanian
Gil Amelio
Ellen Hancock
David Nagel
Guerrino De Luca








Services







Apple ID
Apple Maps
Apple Music
Apple Pay
Developer

iAd
TestFlight


Game Center
iCloud

MobileMe


iWork
News

Newsstand







Stores



Apple Store
App Store
iBookstore
iTunes Store
Mac App Store





Support



AppleCare
Apple Specialist
Certifications
Genius Bar
ProCare
One to One








Products




Hardware



Macintosh

Intel transition


iPod

Nano
Shuffle
Touch


iPhone
iPad

Mini
Air
Pro


Apple TV
Apple Watch
Apple SIM
Apple Mobile Processors





Software



Classic Mac OS
macOS

History
Server
Software


iOS

Version history


tvOS
watchOS
Core Foundation
Developer Tools
Final Cut Pro
Logic Pro
QuickTime
CarPlay








Companies




Subsidiaries



Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Braeburn Capital
FileMaker Inc.





Acquisitions



Anobit
AuthenTec Inc.
Beats Electronics

Beats Music


Cue
Emagic
FingerWorks
Intrinsity
Lala
NeXT
Nothing Real
Metaio
P.A. Semi
PrimeSense
Siri
Spotsetter
Topsy








Related



Advertising

1984
Think different
Get a Mac
iPods
Product Red


Campus
Park
Design

IDg
Typography
Book


Didi Chuxing
History

Codenames
Community
Criticism
Litigation

FBI–Apple encryption dispute


iOS app approvals


Apple Music Festival
Welcome to Macintosh (2008 documentary)
Artistic depictions of Steve Jobs








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Daimler AG



Divisions and
subsidiaries





Cars




Current
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-AMG
Mercedes-Maybach
Smart






Trucks and vans




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors (80%)
Mercedes-Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus (85%)
Western Star
Defunct
American LaFrance
Sterling Trucks






Buses




Current
BharatBenz
Freightliner
Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
Master Motors
Mercedes Benz
Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus
Setra/EvoBus
Thomas
Defunct
Orion






Motorsport




Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsport
Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains






Other




Alliance Truck Parts
car2Go
Daimler Financial Services

Mercedes-Benz Bank


Detroit Diesel
Mercedes-Benz India
Mercedes-Benz Mexico








Shareholdings
and joint ventures



Automotive Fuel Cell Cooperation (50.1%)
Beijing Benz (50%)
Denza (50%)
Tognum AG (50%)
Fujian Benz (50%)
Here (33%)
EADS (22.41%)
Kamaz (10%)
MV Agusta (25%)
Tesla Motors (10%)
Tata Motors (7%)
Aston Martin (5%)





Predecessors



Benz & Company (1883–1926)
Daimler-Motoren-Gesellschaft AG (1890–1926)
Daimler-Benz AG (1926–98)
DaimlerChrysler AG (1998–2007)





Technologies



Active Cylinder Control
BlueTec





People



Wolfgang Bernhard
Karlfried Nordmann
Andreas Renschler
Hans Scherenberg
Jürgen E. Schrempp
Karl Wilfert
Joachim Zahn
Dieter Zetsche





Other



DaimlerChrysler–Mitsubishi alliance
BeiBen Truck








 Category
 Commons












v
t
e


General Electric



Subsidiaries and
divisions




Current



GE Capital

GE Capital Aviation Services
GE Energy Financial Services


GE Technology Infrastructure

GE Aviation
GE Aviation Systems
GE Healthcare
GE Transportation


GE Energy

GE Digital Energy
GE Jenbacher
GE Measurement & Control Solutions
Baker Hughes, a GE Company
GE Power
GE Wind Energy
GE Wind (offshore)


GE Home & Business Solutions

GE Intelligent Platforms


GE Global Research
GE Ventures





Former and
defunct



Australian Guarantee Corporation1
Canadian General Electric1
Compagnia Generale di Elettricità2
Electric Bond and Share Company2
GE Americom2
GE Aerospace2
GE Betz1
GE Capital IT Solutions2
GE Consumer & Industrial
GECIS2
GE Capital Rail Services2

GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)


GE Commercial Finance
GE Equipment Services1
GE Industrial1
GE Oil and Gas1
GE Infrastructure1
GEIS2
Genesis Lease2
GE Security2
Genworth Financial2
Montgomery Ward2
Synchrony Financial2
Tungsram1
Whatman1








Joint ventures and
shareholdings




Current



CFM International (50%)
Engine Alliance (50%)
GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy (60%)
GE Honda Aero Engines (50%)
Penske Truck Leasing
Prolec GE (49.99%)
TBS GB





Former



Alco-GE (1940–53)
NBC (1926–30, 1986–2004)
NBCUniversal, LLC (2004–13)








Products and brands



Aircraft engines
General Comprehensive Operating System
GEnie
Locomotives
Mazda
Reciprocating engines
Trivection oven
Tungsram





People




Founders



Charles A. Coffin
Thomas Edison
Edwin J. Houston
J. P. Morgan
Elihu Thomson





Other



James Cash Jr.
Ann Fudge
Susan Hockfield
Jeffrey R. Immelt
Andrea Jung
Rochelle Lazarus
Sam Nunn
Roger Penske
Douglas A. Warner III
Jack Welch
Bob Wright








Places and facilities



GE Building
General Electric Building
Nela Park
Realty Plot
Research Laboratory
River Works
Specialty Control Plant
Switchgear Plant
Welch Technology Centre





Other



Edison Engineering Development Program
GE True
The General Electric Concert
General Electric EdgeLab
General Electric Theater
General Imaging
Thomson-Houston Electric Company
Timeline
United States v. General Electric Co.








1Now integrated into other GE divisions or business groupings
2Sold or spun off


 Category
 Commons









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 85647889
LCCN: n2013060129
NKC: xx0053891










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Andrea_Jung&oldid=789054326"					
Categories: 1958 birthsAmerican people of Hong Kong descentAmerican retail chief executivesAmerican women chief executivesBusinesspeople from TorontoCanadian emigrants to the United StatesCanadian people of Hong Kong descentCanadian retail chief executivesCanadian women business executivesBusinesspeople from MassachusettsDirectors of Apple Inc.General Electric peopleLiving peoplePeople associated with direct sellingPeople from Wellesley, MassachusettsPrinceton University alumniAmerican nonprofit chief executives20th-century American businesspeople21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican businesspeople of Hong Kong descentAmerican cosmetics businesspeopleAmerican chief operating officersAmerican chief executives of financial services companiesHidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2013Articles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from September 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 5 July 2017, at 02:03.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 


















Andrea Jung






Updated 10:43 hrs IST, Jul 22, 17 (+05:30 GMT)












News 
   
 
  
  
   Showbiz 
   
 
  
  
   Sports 
   
 
  
  
   Society 
   
 
  
  
   Events 
   
 
  
  
   Unique 
   
 
 
 


 Visit merinews.com











Get Photo Alert









You are here: 
Photo Gallery






















Andrea Jung
				










By CJ: Ravi Juneja | Views: 6112 | Comments: 
				
					0
				
			 
Send
			as a e-Card | Mail










Andrea Jung, the Chairwoman and CEO of Avon Products, is the sixth most powerful business women, according to the Fortune. Andrea Jung became the first female CEO in Avon's history in 1999 and Chairwoman in 2001. In her first five years as CEO, Avon's revenues rose from $5.3 billion to $7.7 billion and present sales have risen to nearly $11 billion. Andrea Jung is also the longest-serving woman CEO of a Fortune 500 company.









				    1 
				   
2 
					 
				 
3 
					 
				 
4 
					 
				 
5 
					 
				 
6 
					 
				 
7 
					 
				 
8 
					 
				 
9 
					 
				 
10 
					 
				 

















Post Comments







Name:
 



 


Email:
 



 

Comment:
 



 
 
 



 




 
 
 


 
 














Related Photos              more »




CJ: Ravi JunejaView: 3492




CJ: Ravi JunejaView: 4357







CJ: Ravi JunejaView: 6112




CJ: Ravi JunejaView: 3434






Other Photos by Ravi Juneja 
more »






Views: 3714
			Photos: 10
			



Views: 4116
			Photos: 10
			






Views: 5134
			Photos: 10
			



Views: 4783
			Photos: 8
			











Today's Best Stories
Most Popular Stories


 Doodle art successfully being..
 Witness to mid-air emergencies!..
 Visit to Ha Long's markets in..
 This coffee has been banned..
 Doctors use oxygen therapy to..





Submit Photo
Get Photo Alert




On The Spot



Have You Seen This











 LOGIN






Login/Email ID :




Password








New Register

Forgot Password?

















search by category

        			News
        			

        			Showbiz
        			

        			Sports
        			

        			Society
        			

        			Events
        			

        			Unique
        			










































 
			





	Home 

					
	
		       									
			   
			I
			

				World
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				India
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Sports
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Business
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Technology
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Entertainment
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Lifestyle
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Potpourri
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Reviews
			

		       									
			   
			I
			

				Interviews
			

			
	  


I

	Interviews


I



	Merinews Photos



I


	Merinews Special
	


I


	Clog 

I
 
Humour











			About us 



 
				I
			 
		



				Advertise with us
				



 
				I
			 
		



        	Privacy Policy 



 
				I
			 
		



        	Disclaimer 



 
				I
			 
		



					Feedback 



 
				I
			 
		



        	Terms of Service
        	



 
				I
			 
		



        	Contact Us
        	



 
				I
			 
		


				Webmaster
			


 
				I
			 
		


				Toolbar
			


 
				I
			 
		



				Resources



 
				I
			 
		





				Widget	



 
				I
			 
		



				FAQ



 
				I
			 
		


			RSS
			



 
				I
			 
		

Add to Google Toolbar























Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
