

	JUMP START Trademark of STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLC. Serial Number: 75179349 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
JUMP START










 
Get FREE email alerts













JUMP START  Trademark Information
 STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLC
financial services in the nature of providing reduced rate educational loans




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services   nature   providing   reduced   rate   educational   loans    
                                    




This is a brand page for the JUMP START trademark by STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLC 
                                in CINCINNATI, , 45202.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this JUMP START trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLC of the JUMP START trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the JUMP START trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, September 25, 1996,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        JUMP START by 
                        STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLC, CINCINNATI 45202.
                        The USPTO has given the JUMP START 
                        trademark serial  number of  75179349.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for JUMP START is 
                        
                        
                                            ERIC D. REICIN of 
                                            SALLIE MAE INC.,  12061 BLUEMONT WAY, RESTON VA 20190 
                                .
                            The JUMP START trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for JUMP START 
                            is financial services in the nature of providing reduced rate educational loans. 
                            





Word mark:
 JUMP START


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

7/18/2009



  Serial Number:  
75179349


  Filing Date:  
9/25/1996


 Registration Number:  
2211556 


 Registration Date:  
12/15/1998


 Goods and Services: 
financial services in the nature of providing reduced rate educational loans


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/1/1997


Last Applicant/Owner:

STUDENT LOAN FUNDING RESOURCES LLCCINCINNATI 45202
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


ERIC D. REICIN
SALLIE MAE INC.
12061 BLUEMONT WAY
RESTON VA 20190






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/1/1996


First Use In Commerce: 
1/1/1997





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your JUMP START trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/18/2009
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



ERIC D. REICIN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of JUMP START trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search jumpstart on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for JUMP START 




JUMP START is providing financial services in the nature of providing reduced rate educational loans.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 























JUXP Funding, LLC - Other- Smith  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









JUXP Funding, LLC

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    511 Rhett Street, Suite 1 A  
    Greenville, SC, 29601Phone: 864-642-1919 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-13


New


$560,000


$560,000


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Brice Smith 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement by Xg Sciences Inc














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog









 Amended And Restated Security Agreement



Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement
      


        by
        Xg Sciences Inc 
      Loading...
     
 January 27th, 2016
      
      
MichiganFloridaWashingtonDelawareXg Sciences IncAmended And Restated Security Agreement




 Share
  






















Link




Embed







 Download 

 PDF DOC Open with Google Docs





 
Exhibit 10.24
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
This Second Amended
and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of January 15, 2014 (the “Agreement”)
is made by and among XG Sciences, Inc., a corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of Michigan (the
“Company”), Aspen Advanced Opportunity Fund, LP, a Delaware
limited partnership (“AAOF”), XGS II, LLC, a Florida limited
liability company (“XGS II”), SVIC No. 15 New Technology
Business Investment L.L.P. (“Samsung”), Michael R. Knox
(“Knox”), and any other party who may sign a Secured Party signature page attached hereto (each, a “Secured
Party”, and collectively, the “Secured Parties”),
and Aspen Capital Advisors, LLC, a Florida limited liability corporation, as agent for the Secured Parties (in such capacity,
together with its successors in such capacity, the “Agent”).
 
WHEREAS, the
Company and AAOF entered into a Second Amended & Restated Purchase Agreement, dated January 15, 2014 (the “Purchase
Agreement”), which includes the terms and conditions pursuant to which AAOF would provide up to $10.0 million
of funding to the Company in exchange for certain securities of the Company; and
 
WHEREAS, the
Company executed and delivered to AAOF, Knox and XGS II certain convertible secured promissory notes, of various dates from March
18, 2013 to January 7, 2014, which have been restated and consolidated into a new convertible secured promissory note dated January
15, 2014 (the “Existing Notes”) that grant a first priority
security interest in all assets of the Company to AAOF and XGS II; and
 
WHEREAS, the
Company has and contemplates issuing additional secured promissory notes, in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A to Samsung pursuant to a purchase agreement between the Company and Samsung (the “Samsung
Purchase Agreement”), the Secured Parties and potentially to other third parties in the future as part of
the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement (the “Notes”).
 
NOW THEREFORE,
in order to induce AAOF, XGS II, Samsung, Knox, and potential other Secured Parties to enter into the Existing Notes and the
Notes, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company
has agreed to pledge and grant a continuing security interest in the Collateral (as hereinafter defined) as security for the Secured
Obligations (as hereinafter defined). Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows:
 
Section
1.            Definitions.  Each
capitalized term used herein and not otherwise defined shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Existing Notes, the
Notes or the Purchase Agreement. In addition, as used herein:
 
“Accounts”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3(b) hereof.
 
“Agent”
shall mean Aspen Capital Advisors, LLC, a Florida limited liability corporation and its successors who succeed
to its duties hereunder as agent for the Secured Parties, with respect to the rights of the Secured Parties hereunder.
 
“Business”
shall mean the businesses from time to time, now or hereafter, conducted by the Company and its Subsidiaries, when formed.
 
“Collateral”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3 hereof.
 
“Copyright
Collateral” shall mean all Copyrights, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company that are associated
with the Business.
 
 1 
 
  
“Copyrights”
shall mean all copyrights, copyright registrations, and applications for copyright registrations, including, without limitation,
all renewals and extensions thereof, the right to recover for all past, present and future infringements thereof, and all other
rights of any kind whatsoever accruing thereunder or pertaining thereto.
 
“Documents”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3(h) hereof.
 
“Equipment”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3(f) hereof.
 
“Event
of Default” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3 of the AAOF Note and the Notes.
 
“Excluded
Collateral” shall mean the assets of the Company which secure the Permitted Indebtedness and the assets listed
on Annex 1 hereto.
 
“Instruments”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3(c) hereof.
 
“Intellectual
Property” shall mean, collectively, all Copyright Collateral, all Patent Collateral and all Trademark Collateral,
together with (a) all inventions, processes, production methods, proprietary information, know-how and trade secrets used
or useful in the Business; (b) all licenses or user or other agreements granted
to the Company with respect to any of the foregoing, in each case whether now or hereafter owned or used including, without limitation,
the licenses or other agreements with respect to the Copyright Collateral, the Patent Collateral or the Trademark Collateral; (c)
all customer lists, identification of suppliers, data, plans, blueprints, specifications, designs, drawings, recorded knowledge,
surveys, manuals, materials standards, processing standards, catalogs, computer and automatic machinery software and programs,
and the like pertaining to the operation by the Company of the Business; (d) all
sales data and other information relating to sales now or hereafter collected and/or maintained by the Company that pertain to
the Business; (e) all accounting information which pertains to the Business and all media in which or on which any of the
information or knowledge or data or records which pertain to the Business may be recorded or stored and all computer programs used
for the compilation or printout of such information, knowledge, records or data; (f) all licenses, consents, permits, variances,
certifications and approvals of governmental agencies now or hereafter held by the Company pertaining to the operation by the Company
and its Subsidiaries of the Business; and (g) all causes of action, claims and warranties now or hereafter owned or acquired
by the Company in respect of any of the items listed above. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Intellectual
Property does not and shall not include any Patent Rights within the meaning of that certain Restated and Amended Exclusive License
Agreement (the “MSU License”) between Michigan State University
(“Licensor”) and the Company; provided, however, that the Company
agrees to use commercially reasonable best efforts to obtain the consent of Licensor to permit inclusion of the MSU License as
Intellectual Property Collateral hereunder.
 
“Inventory”
shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 3(d) hereof.
 
“Patent
Collateral” shall mean all Patents and pending Patents, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company
that are associated with the Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Patent Collateral does not and shall not include any Patent
Rights within the meaning of that certain MSU License.
 
“Patents”
shall mean all patents and patent applications, including, without limitation, the inventions and improvements described and claimed
therein together with the reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions and continuations-in-part thereof, all income,
royalties, damages and payments now or hereafter due or payable under and with respect thereto, including, without limitation,
damages and payments for past or future infringements thereof, the right to sue for past, present and future infringements thereof,
and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world.
 
 2 
 
 
“Permitted
Indebtedness” shall mean the Company’s existing secured indebtedness, liabilities and obligations as
disclosed on Annex 4 hereto, any current or future capitalized or operating
leases, purchase money indebtedness or other indebtedness of the Company permitted under the Purchase Agreement, the Samsung Purchase
Agreement, the Subscription Agreements, and the Notes.
 
“Permitted
Liens” shall mean (i) the Company’s existing liens as disclosed Annex
5 hereto, (ii) the security interests created by this Agreement, (iii) liens of local or state authorities for franchise,
real estate or other like taxes, (iv) statutory liens of landlords and liens of carriers, warehousemen, bailees, mechanics, materialmen
and other like liens imposed by law, created in the ordinary course of business and for amounts which are not more than 60 days
past due, (v) liens for taxes which are not yet due and payable or are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings,
(vi) liens which do not materially affect the value of the Company’s property and do not materially interfere with the use
made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries, and (vii) liens pursuant to purchase money indebtedness
that is associated with new equipment purchases.
 
“Pledged
Interests” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in Section 2(f) hereof.
 
“Secured
Obligations” shall mean, collectively, the principal of and interest on the Existing Notes and the Notes issued
or issuable (as applicable) by the Company and held by the applicable Secured Party, and all other amounts from time to time owing
to such Secured Parties by the Company under the Subscription Agreements and the Notes and all other indebtedness owed by the Company
to any Secured Party.
 
“Secured
Parties” shall have the meaning defined in the preamble to this Agreement, provided that all of such parties
have purchased Existing Notes, Notes, or other securities contemplated in the Transaction Agreements pursuant to subscription agreements,
purchase agreements or other agreements which have been accepted and countersigned by the Company; provided further, that each
such Secured Party has entered into the Intercreditor Agreement and the IP Security Agreement; and additionally provided, that
such term also shall include, as to the benefits, rights and obligations herein, the successors and assigns of any Secured Party.
 
“Subsidiary”
or “Subsidiaries” of the Company shall mean any entity whose equity interests are owned entirely
by the Company.
 
“Trademark
Collateral” shall mean all Trademarks, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company
that are associated with the Business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Trademark Collateral does not and shall not include any
Trademark which would be rendered invalid, abandoned, void or unenforceable by reason of its being included as part of the Trademark
Collateral.
 
“Trademarks”
shall mean all trade names, trademarks and service marks, logos, trademark and service mark registrations, and applications for
trademark and service mark registrations, including, without limitation, all renewals of trademark and service mark registrations,
all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world, the right to recover for all past, present and future infringements thereof,
all other rights of any kind whatsoever accruing thereunder or pertaining thereto, together, in each case, with the product lines
and goodwill of the business connected with the use of, and symbolized by, each such trade name, trademark and service mark.
 
“Transaction
Agreements” shall mean this Agreement, the Purchase Agreement, the Samsung Purchase Agreements, the Notes,
and all ancillary documents referred to in those agreements, and each of those agreements as may be amended.
 
 3 
 
  
“Uniform
Commercial Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Michigan from time to
time; provided, however, that in the event that, by reason of mandatory provisions of law, any or all of the attachment, perfection,
priority, or remedies with respect to Agent’s and the Secured Parties’ lien on any Collateral is governed by the Uniform
Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in a jurisdiction other than the State of Michigan, the term “Uniform Commercial
Code” shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted and in effect in such other jurisdiction solely for purposes of
the provisions thereof relating to such attachment, perfection, priority, or remedies.
 
Section 2.             Representations
and Warranties of the Company.  The Company represents and warrants to each of the Secured Parties that:
 

a.the Company is the sole beneficial owner of the Collateral and no lien exists or will exist upon
any Collateral at any time, except for Permitted Liens and the pledge and security interest in favor of each of the Secured Parties
created or provided for herein, which pledge and security interest constitutes a first priority perfected pledge and security interest
in and to all of the Collateral;
 

b.Except as set forth on Annex 2. the
Company or XG Sciences IP, LLC owns and possesses the right to use, and has done nothing to authorize or enable any other person
to use, all of their respective Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks, and all registrations of its material Copyrights, Patents and
Trademarks are valid and in full force and effect. Except as may be set forth in Annex
2 and except for Permitted Liens, the Company or XG Sciences IP, LLC owns and possesses the right to use all material
Copyrights, Patents and Trademarks, necessary for the operation of the Business;
 

c.to the Company’s knowledge, (i) except as set forth in Annex
2 hereto, there is no violation by others of any right of the Company with respect to any material Copyrights, Patents
or Trademarks, respectively, and (ii) the Company is not, in connection with
the Business, infringing in any respect upon any Copyrights, Patents or Trademarks of any other person; and no proceedings have
been instituted or are pending against the Company or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened, and no claim against the Company
has been received by the Company, alleging any such violation, except as may be set forth in said Annex
2. and except, in each case for matters which singly or in the aggregate could not reasonably be expected to have
a material adverse effect upon the Company or the Collateral in the aggregate;
 

d.Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries owns any material Trademarks registered in the
United States of America to which the second sentence of the definition of Trademark Collateral applies;
 

e.Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has or will issue any indebtedness which is secured
by the Collateral to any third parties other than AAOF, XGS II, Samsung and Knox; and
 

f.The Company is the sole holder and beneficial owner of all of the equity ownership securities of
its wholly-owned subsidiary XG Sciences IP, LLC (the “Pledged Interests”), which owns and possesses the Copyrights,
Know-How, Patents, Patent Licenses, Trademarks, and other intellectual property and other assets set forth on Annex
6 hereto. (i) All of the Pledged Interests are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable, (ii)
Company has the right and requisite authority to pledge the Pledged Interests as provided herein, and (iii) all actions necessary
or desirable to perfect and establish the first priority of, or otherwise protect, Agent’s and Secured Parties’ liens
in the Pledged Interests, and the proceeds thereof, have been duly taken, upon (A) the execution and delivery of this Agreement;
and (B) the filing of a financing statements in the applicable jurisdiction for the Company. None of the Pledged Interests owned
or held by the Company has been issued or transferred in violation of any securities registration, securities disclosure, or similar
laws of any jurisdiction to which such issuance or transfer may be subject. The Pledged Interests (A) are not dealt in or traded
on securities exchanges or in securities markets,(B) do not constitute investment company securities, and (C) are not held by the
Company in a securities account.
 
 4 
 
  
Section
3.           Collateral.  As
collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) of the
Secured Obligations, the Company hereby acknowledges, agrees and confirms that (i) Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties as
hereinafter provided, shall continue to have a security interest in and lien upon and, (ii) to the extent not otherwise previously
granted to Agent, Company hereby pledges, grants, assigns, hypothecates and transfers to the Agent, on behalf of the Secured Parties
as hereinafter provided, a first priority security interest in and lien upon all of the Company's personal property and fixture
property and other assets, whether now owned or hereafter acquired by or arising in favor of the Company, and all of the Company's
right, title and interest therein, whether now existing or hereafter coming into existence, and regardless of where located, except
for the Excluded Collateral (all of the foregoing except the Excluded Collateral being collectively referred to herein as “Collateral”),
including but not limited to the following types and items of property:
 

a.all goods;
 

b.all accounts, general intangibles
                                         and payment intangibles (each as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code), including (but
                                         not limited to) all moneys due and to become due to the Company in respect of any loans
                                         or advances for the purchase price of Inventory or Equipment or other goods sold or leased
                                         or for services rendered, all moneys due and to become due to the Company under any guarantee
                                         (including a letter of credit) of the purchase price of Inventory or Equipment sold by
                                         the Company and all tax refunds (such accounts, general intangibles and moneys due and
                                         to become due being herein called collectively “Accounts”);
 

c.all instruments, all chattel
                                         paper, and all letters of credit (each as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code), including
                                         but not limited to those evidencing, representing, arising from or existing in respect
                                         of, relating to, securing or otherwise supporting the payment of, any of the Accounts,
                                         and including (but not limited to) promissory notes, drafts, bills of exchange and trade
                                         acceptances (herein collectively called “Instruments”);
 

d.all inventory (as defined in
                                         the Uniform Commercial Code) and all goods obtained by the Company in exchange for such
                                         inventory (herein collectively called “Inventory”);
 

e.all Intellectual Property and
                                         all other accounts or general intangibles of the Company not constituting Intellectual
                                         Property or Accounts;
 

f.all equipment (as defined in
                                         the Uniform Commercial Code) (herein collectively called “Equipment”);
 

g.each contract and other agreement
                                         of the Company relating to the sale or other disposition of Inventory or Equipment;
 
 5 
 
  

h.all documents of title (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code) and other receipts of the Company
covering, evidencing or representing Inventory or Equipment (herein collectively called “Documents”);
 

i.All deposit accounts;
 

j.All securities and other investment property, including but not limited to the Pledged Interests;
 

k.all rights, claims and benefits of the Company against any person arising out of, relating to or
in connection with Inventory or Equipment purchased by the Company, including, without limitation, any such rights, claims or benefits
against any person storing or transporting such Inventory or Equipment; and
 

l.all other tangible or intangible property of the Company, including, without limitation, all proceeds,
products and accessions of and to any of the property of the Company described in Clauses (a) through (k) above in this Section
3 (including, without limitation, any proceeds of insurance thereon), and, to the extent related to any property described in said
Clauses or such proceeds, products and accessions, all books, correspondence, credit files, records, invoices and other papers,
including without limitation all tapes, cards, computer runs and other papers and documents in the possession or under the control
of the Company or any computer bureau or service company from time to time acting for the Company.
 
Section
4.            Further Assurances; Remedies.  In furtherance
of the grant of the pledge and security interest pursuant to Section 3 hereof, the Company hereby agrees with the Agent and each
of the Secured Parties as follows:
 
4.01       Delivery
and Other Perfection.  The Company or XG Sciences IP, LLC shall:
 

a.give, execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, notice, instrument, document,
agreement or other papers that may be necessary (in the reasonable judgment of the Agent) to create, preserve, maintain, perfect
or validate any security interest previously granted or granted pursuant hereto or to enable the Agent to exercise and enforce
its rights hereunder with respect to such security interest, including, without limitation, causing any or all of the stock collateral
to be transferred of record into the name of the Agent or its nominee provided that notices to account debtors in respect of any
Accounts or Instruments shall be subject to the provisions of Section 4.08 below;
 

b.keep accurate books and records relating to the Collateral, and stamp or otherwise mark such books
and records in such manner as the Agent may reasonably require in order to reflect the security interests granted by this Agreement;
 

c.furnish to the Agent from time to time (no more frequently than annually, unless an Event of Default
shall have occurred and shall be continuing,) statements and schedules further identifying and describing the Copyright Collateral,
the Patent Collateral and the Trademark Collateral, respectively, and such other reports in connection with the Copyright Collateral,
the Patent Collateral and the Trademark Collateral, as the Agent may reasonably request, all in reasonable detail;
 
 6 
 
  

d.permit representatives of the Agent, upon reasonable notice, at any time during normal business
hours to inspect and make abstracts from its books and records pertaining to the Collateral, and permit representatives of the
Agent to be present at the Company’s place of business to receive copies of all communications and remittances relating to
the Collateral, and forward copies of any notices or communications by the Company with respect to the Collateral, all in such
manner as the Agent may reasonably require; and
 

e.upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, upon request of the Agent,
promptly notify each account debtor in respect of any Accounts or Instruments that such Collateral has been assigned to the Agent
hereunder, and that any payments due or to become due in respect of such Collateral are to be made directly to the Agent.
 
4.02      Other
Financing Statements and Liens.  Except with respect to Permitted Indebtedness, Permitted Liens or
as otherwise permitted under the Existing Notes, the Notes or the Subscription Agreements, without the prior written consent of
the Agent, the Company shall not file or suffer to be on file, or authorize or permit to be filed or to be on file, in any jurisdiction,
any financing statement or like instrument with respect to the Collateral in which the Agent is not named as the sole secured party
for the benefit of each of the Secured Parties.
 
4.03      Special
Provisions Relating to Certain Collateral.
 
a.           Intellectual
Property.
 

(1)For the purpose of enabling the Agent to exercise rights and remedies under Section 4.04 hereof
at such time as the Agent shall be lawfully entitled to exercise such rights and remedies, and for no other purpose, the Company
hereby grants to the Agent, to the extent assignable, an irrevocable, non-exclusive license (exercisable without payment of royalty
or other compensation to the Company) to use, assign, license or sublicense any of the Intellectual Property (other than the Trademark
Collateral or goodwill associated therewith) now owned or hereafter acquired by the Company, wherever the same may be located,
including in such license reasonable access to all media in which any of the licensed items may be recorded or stored and to all
computer programs used for the compilation or printout thereof.
 

(2)Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, so long as no Event of Default shall
have occurred and shall be continuing, the Company and XG Sciences IP, LLC will be permitted to exploit, use, enjoy, protect, license,
sublicense, assign, sell, dispose of or take other actions with respect to the Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of
the business of the Company. In furtherance of the foregoing, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing,
the Agent shall from time to time, upon the request of the Company, execute and deliver any instruments, certificates or other
documents, in the form so requested, which the Company shall have certified are appropriate (in its judgment) to allow it to take
any action permitted above (including relinquishment of the license provided pursuant to Clause (1) immediately above as to any
specific Intellectual Property). Further, upon the payment in full of all of the Secured Obligations or earlier expiration of this
Agreement or release of the Collateral, the Agent shall grant back to the Company the license granted pursuant to Clause (1) immediately
above. The exercise of rights and remedies under Section 4.04 hereof by the Agent shall not terminate the rights of the holders
of any licenses or sublicenses theretofore granted by the Company in accordance with the first sentence of this Clause (2).
 
 7 
 
  

b.Pledged Interests.
 

(1)If the Company shall acquire, obtain, receive or become entitled to receive any Pledged Interests
after the date hereof, it shall promptly (and in any event within two (2) Business Days of acquiring or obtaining such Collateral)
deliver to Agent a duly executed addendum to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, identifying such Pledged
Interests.
 

(2)The Company shall not make or consent to any amendment or other modification or waiver with respect
to any Pledged Interests, the operating agreement of XG Sciences IP, LLC, or enter into any agreement or permit to exist any restriction
with respect to any Pledged Interests if the same is prohibited pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Agreement.
 

(3)The Company hereby covenants that the Pledged Interests (A) are not and shall not be dealt in or
traded on securities exchanges or in securities markets, (B) do not and will not constitute investment company securities, and
(C) are not and will not be held by the Company in a securities account. In addition, none of the operating agreement of XG Sciences
IP, LLC or any other agreements governing any of the Pledged Interests provide or shall provide that such Pledged Interests are
securities governed by Article 8 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in any relevant jurisdiction.
 

(4)For so long as the Company shall have the right to vote the Pledged Interests owned by it, the
Company covenants and agrees that it will not, without the prior written consent of the Secured Parties, vote or take any consensual
action with respect to such Pledged Interests which would materially adversely affect the rights of the Secured Parties or the
value of the Pledged Interests.
 
4.04       Events
of Default, etc.  During the period during which an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing:
 

a.the Company shall, at the request of the Agent, assemble the Collateral owned by it at such place
or places, reasonably convenient to both the Agent and the Company, designated in its request;
 

b.the Agent may make any reasonable compromise or settlement deemed desirable with respect to any
of the Collateral and may extend the time of payment, arrange for payment in installments, or otherwise modify the terms of, any
of the Collateral;
 
 8 
 
  

c.the Agent shall have all of the rights and remedies with respect to the Collateral of a secured
party under the Uniform Commercial Code (whether or not said Code is in effect in the jurisdiction where the rights and remedies
are asserted) and such additional rights and remedies to which a secured party is entitled under the laws in effect in any jurisdiction
where any rights and remedies hereunder may be asserted, including, without limitation, the right, to the maximum extent permitted
by law, to exercise all voting, consensual and other powers of ownership pertaining to the Collateral as if the Agent were the
sole and absolute owner thereof (and the Company agrees to take all such action as may be appropriate to give effect to such right);
 

d.the Agent in its discretion may, in its name or in the name of the Company or otherwise, demand,
sue for, collect or receive any money or property at any time payable or receivable on account of or in exchange for any of the
Collateral, but shall be under no obligation to do so; and
 

e.the Agent may, upon ten (10) Business Days’ prior written notice to the Company of the time
and place, with respect to the Collateral or any part thereof which shall then be or shall thereafter come into the possession,
custody or control of the Agent, or any of its respective agents, sell, lease, assign or otherwise dispose of all or any of such
Collateral, at such place or places as the Agent deems best, and for cash or on credit or for future delivery (without thereby
assuming any credit risk), at public or private sale, without demand of performance or notice of intention to effect any such disposition
or of time or place thereof (except such notice as is required above or by applicable statute and cannot be waived) and the Agent
or anyone else may be the purchaser, lessee, assignee or recipient of any or all of the Collateral so disposed of at any public
sale (or, to the extent permitted by law, at any private sale), and thereafter hold the same absolutely, free from any claim or
right of whatsoever kind, including any right or equity of redemption (statutory or otherwise), of the Company, any such demand,
notice or right and equity being hereby expressly waived and released. In the event of any sale, assignment, or other disposition
of any of the Trademark Collateral, the goodwill of the Business connected with and symbolized by the Trademark Collateral subject
to such disposition shall be included, and the Company shall supply to the Agent or its designee, for inclusion in such sale, assignment
or other disposition, all Intellectual Property relating to such Trademark Collateral. The Agent may, without notice or publication,
adjourn any public or private sale or cause the same to be adjourned from time to time by announcement at the time and place fixed
for the sale, and such sale may be made at any time or place to which the same may be so adjourned.
 
The proceeds of each collection, sale or
other disposition under this Section 4.04, including by virtue of the exercise of the license granted to the Agent in Section 4.03(a)(1)
hereof, shall be applied in accordance with Section 4.07 hereof.
 
4.05     	Deficiency.  If
the proceeds of sale, collection or other realization of or upon the Collateral pursuant to Section 4.04 hereof are insufficient
to cover the costs and expenses of such realization and the payment in full of the Secured Obligations, the Company shall remain
liable for any deficiency.
 
4.06      	Removals,
etc.  Without at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the Agent or unless otherwise
required by law, the Company shall not (i) maintain any of its books or records with respect to the Collateral at any office or
maintain its chief executive office or its principal place of business at any place, or permit any Inventory or Equipment to be
located anywhere other than at one of the locations identified in Annex 3 hereto
or in transit from one of such locations to another; or (ii) change its corporate
name, or the name under which it does business, from the name shown on the signature page hereto.
 
 9 
 
  
4.07       Application
of Proceeds.  Except as otherwise herein expressly provided, the proceeds of any collection, sale
or other realization of all or any part of the Collateral pursuant hereto, and any other cash at the time held by the Agent under
this Section 4, shall be applied by the Agent:
 
First,
to the payment of the costs and expenses of such collection, sale or other realization, including reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses of the Agent and the fees and expenses of its agents and counsel, and all expenses, and advances made or incurred
by the Agent in connection therewith;
 
Next,
to the payment in full of the Secured Obligations in each case equally and ratably in accordance with the respective amounts thereof
then due and owing to each of the Secured Parties; and
 
Finally,
to the payment to the Company, or its successors or assigns, or as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct, of any surplus
then remaining.
 
As used in this Section 4, “proceeds”
of Collateral shall mean cash, securities and other property realized in respect of, and distributions in kind of, Collateral,
including any thereof received under any reorganization, liquidation or adjustment of debt of the Company or any issuer of or obligor
on any of the Collateral.
 
4.08       Attorney-in-Fact.  Without
limiting any rights or powers granted by this Agreement to the Agent while no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing,
upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, the Agent is hereby appointed the attorney-in-fact of the
Company for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this Section 4 and taking any action and executing any instruments which
the Agent may deem necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes hereof, which appointment as attorney-in-fact is irrevocable
and coupled with an interest. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, so long as the Secured Parties shall be entitled
under this Section 4 to make collections in respect of the Collateral, the Agent shall have the right and power to receive, endorse
and collect all checks made payable to the order of the Company representing any dividend, payment, or other distribution in respect
of the Collateral or any part thereof and to give full discharge for the same.
 
4.09       Perfection.  Prior
to or concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall file such financing statements and other
documents in such offices as the Agent may request to perfect or maintain the security interests granted by Section 3 of this Agreement;
and without limiting the Company’s obligations with respect to perfection of the security interests, the Company hereby authorizes
the Agent to file all such financing statements and other documents and, at Agent’s option, to describe the Collateral in
any such financing statement as “all personal property”.
 
4.10       Termination.  When
all Secured Obligations shall have been paid in full under the Subscription Agreements, this Agreement shall terminate, and the
Agent shall forthwith cause to be assigned, transferred and delivered, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation
whatsoever, any remaining Collateral and money received in respect thereof, to or on the order of the Company and to be released
and cancelled all licenses and rights referred to in Section 4.03(a)(1) hereof. The Agent shall also execute and deliver to the
Company upon such termination such Uniform Commercial Code termination statements and such other documentation as shall be reasonably
requested by the Company to effect the termination and release of the liens on the Collateral.
 
4.11       Expenses.  The
Company agrees to pay to the Agent all out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable expenses for legal services of every kind)
of, or incident to, the enforcement of any of the provisions of this Section 4, or performance by the Agent of any obligations
of the Company in respect of the Collateral which the Company has failed or refused to perform upon reasonable notice, or any actual
or attempted sale, or any exchange, enforcement, collection, compromise or settlement in respect of any of the Collateral, and
for the care of the Collateral and defending or asserting rights and claims of the Agent in respect thereof, by litigation or otherwise,
including expenses of insurance, and all such expenses shall be Secured Obligations to the Agent secured under Section 3 hereof.
Each Secured Party agrees to advance to the Agent his/her/its pro rata share of any funds requested by the Agent to carry out the
intent and purposes of this Agreement according to each Secured Party’s pro rata share of the total aggregate principal amount
outstanding under the Notes at the time such request for advance is made. Any such advances will be refunded to the Secured Parties
to the extent the Company reimburses the Agent for its expenses or the Agent makes recoveries from the disposition of the Company’s
assets.
 
 10 
 
  
4.12       Further
Assurances.  The Company agrees that, from time to time upon the written request of the Agent, the
Company will execute and deliver such further documents and do such other acts and things as the Agent may reasonably request in
order fully to effect the purposes of this Agreement.
 
Section 5.            Miscellaneous.
 
5.01       No
Waiver.  No failure on the part of the Agent or any of its agents to exercise, and no course of dealing
with respect to, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall
any single or partial exercise by the Agent or any of its agents of any right, power or remedy hereunder preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The remedies herein are cumulative and are not exclusive
of any remedies provided by law.
 
5.02       Governing
Law.  This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State
of Michigan.
 
5.03       Notices.  All
notices, demands, requests, consents, approvals, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and,
unless otherwise specified herein, shall be (a) personally served, (b) deposited in the mail, registered or certified, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, (c) delivered by reputable air courier service with charges prepaid, or (d) transmitted by hand delivery,
telegram, or facsimile, addressed as set forth below or to such other address as such party shall have specified most recently
by written notice given in accordance herewith. Any notice or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder shall
be deemed effective (i) upon hand delivery or delivery by facsimile, with accurate confirmation generated by the transmitting facsimile
machine, at the address or number designated below (if delivered on a business day during normal business hours where such notice
is to be received), or the first business day following such delivery (if delivered other than on a business day during normal
business hours where such notice is to be received) or (ii) on the second business day following the date of mailing by express
courier service or on the fifth business day after deposited in the mail, in each case, fully prepaid, addressed to such address,
or upon actual receipt of such mailing, whichever shall first occur. The addresses for such communications shall be for (i) the
Company at 3101 Grand Oak Drive, Lansing, MI 48911 (Telephone: (517) 703-1110, Fax: (517) 703-1113), (ii) the Agent at 1740 Persimmon
Drive, Suite 100, Naples, FL 34109 (Telephone: (239) 325-2001, Fax: (239) 325-2001) and (iii) for each Secured Party as provided
on the signature page hereto. Any party hereto may from time to time change its address or facsimile number for notices under this
Section by written notice to the other parties.
 
5.04       Waivers,
etc.  The terms of this Agreement may be waived, altered or amended only by an instrument in writing
duly executed by the Company and the Agent. Any such amendment or waiver shall be binding upon each of the Secured Parties and
the Company.
 
5.05       Successors
and Assigns.  This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the respective successors
and assigns of the Company and each of the Secured Parties (provided, however, that the Company shall not assign or transfer its
rights hereunder without the prior written consent of the Agent).
 
 11 
 
  
5.06      Counterparts;
Additional Secured Parties.  This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and any of the parties hereto may execute this Agreement by signing
any such counterpart. In the event additional Secured Parties become holders of the Notes, such Secured Parties may become a party
to this Agreement by signing a counterpart to this Agreement, all of which together shall be considered one and the same instrument.
The Company shall provide a copy of each Security Agreement executed by a Secured Party to the Agent.
 
5.07       Appointment
of Agent.  Each Secured Party agrees to appoint Aspen Capital Advisors, LLC as its Agent for purposes
of this Agreement. Each of Secured Party hereby authorizes the Agent to take such action and to exercise such powers hereunder
as provided herein or as requested to or consented by the Secured Parties (acting together), together with such powers as are reasonably
incidental thereto. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Agent will not take any action contrary to the express written
instructions of the Secured Parties (acting together) and will take any lawful action prescribed in express written instructions
of the Secured Parties (acting together). The Agent may decline to take any action except upon the express written instructions
of the Secured Parties (acting together) and the Agent may request a written ratification by the Secured Parties (acting together)
of any action taken by it under this Agreement, which ratification shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.
The Agent shall not be obligated to take any action, or engage in any course of conduct, if the Secured Parties are not in agreement
as to such action or course of conduct. The Agent may employ agents and attorneys-in-fact in connection herewith and shall not
be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any such agents or attomeys-in-fact selected by it in good faith.
 
5.08       Powers
and Duties.  Subject to and upon the other terms and conditions contained herein that limit the obligations
or duties of the Agent, the duties and obligations of the Agent under this Agreement shall be those of a “collateral agent”
and shall consist of and be limited to: (i) acquiring, holding and enforcing the security interest granted by the Company in the
Collateral under this Agreement; (ii) selling, releasing, surrendering, realizing upon or otherwise dealing with, in any manner
and in any order, all or any portion of the Collateral, (iii) exercising (or refraining from exercising) any rights, remedies
or powers of the Agent under this Agreement, the [the Transaction Documents], or under applicable law in respect of all or any
portion of the Collateral, (iv) making any demands or giving any notices hereunder or under the other transaction documents, and
(v) effecting amendments to or granting waivers or consents hereunder or under the other transaction documents.
 
5.09       Resignation
and Removal.  The Agent shall be entitled to resign at any time upon written notice to the Secured
Parties and the Agent may be removed at any time for cause by the vote of the Secured Parties holding a majority of the principal
amounts of the secured indebtedness which is secured by a pledge of the Collateral hereunder. Except as provided above, upon any
such resignation or removal, the Secured Parties shall have the right to appoint a successor Agent by the vote of the Secured Parties
holding a majority of the principal amounts of the secured indebtedness which is secured by a pledge of the Collateral hereunder.
If no successor Agent shall have been so appointed by such Secured Parties, and shall have accepted such appointment, within thirty
(30) days after the retiring Agent’s giving of notice of resignation or the Secured Parties’ removal of the retiring
Agent, then the retiring Agent may, on behalf of the Secured Parties, appoint a successor Agent. Upon the acceptance of any appointment
as the Agent hereunder by a successor Agent, such successor Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights,
powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Agent, and the retiring Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations
as the Agent under this Agreement. After any retiring or the Agent’s resignation or removal hereunder as the Agent, the provisions
of Sections 5.07 through 5.10 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was the
Agent under this Agreement.
 
 12 
 
  
5.10       Indemnity
of Agent.  Each of the Secured Parties hereby covenants and agrees to reimburse, indemnify and hold
the Agent harmless from and against any and all claims, actions, judgments, damages, losses, liabilities, costs, transfer or other
taxes, and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred or suffered without
any bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct by the Agent, arising out of or incident to Agent’s actions or inactions
as Agent with regard to its duties under or administration of this Agreement. Each Secured Party further agrees that any reimbursements
or indemnity payments to the Agent shall be made according to each Secured Party’s pro rata share of the total aggregate
principal amount outstanding under the Notes at the time of the event that gave rise to such reimbursement or indemnity claim
by the Agent.
 
5.11       Severability.  If
any provision hereof is invalid and unenforceable in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i)
the other provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall be liberally construed
in favor of the Secured Parties in order to carry out the intentions of the parties hereto as nearly as may be possible and (ii)
the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof in any jurisdiction shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of such provision in any other jurisdiction.
 
5.12       Entire
Agreement.  This Agreement (together which each Annex hereto) contains the entire agreement and understanding
by and between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and their resulting obligations to each other, as herein
described; and it amends, restates and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties to this Agreement
relating to the subject matter hereof. No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding unless the same is
in writing and signed by the party intended to be so bound. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless
the same is in writing and signed by the party against whom such waiver is sought to be enforced. Moreover, no valid waiver of
any provision of this Agreement, at any time, shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement at such time,
or shall be deemed to be a valid waiver of such provision at any other time.
 
[The remainder of this page intentionally
left blank.]
 
 13 
 
  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the parties hereto have caused this Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement to be duly executed as of the day and year first
above written.
 



The
    “Company”:
 
The
    “Agent”:

 
 
 

XG Sciences,
    Inc.
 
Aspen
    Capital Advisors, LLC

 
 
 

By:
/s/ Michael
    R. Knox
 
By:
/s/ Steven C. Jones

Name:
Michael R. Knox
 
Name:  
Steven C. Jones

Title:
Chief Executive Officer
 
Title: 
Managing Member

 
 
 
  
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
SECURED PARTY SIGNATURE PAGE
 
IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned Secured Party agrees to the terms and conditions of the above Second Amended and Restated Security
Agreement and hereby agrees that the execution of this Secured Party Signature Page is intended and shall be deemed to constitute
the execution of such Second Amended and Restated Security Agreement by the undersigned.
 
 
NAME OF SECURED PARTY
(type or print):
 
Aspen Advance
Opportunity Fund, LP
 



By:
/s/ Steven C. Jones
Date
1/15/14

Name:
Steven C. Jones

Title:
Managing Member. AA XGS, LLC

 
Address
for Notices:
Aspen
Advanced Opportunity Fund, LP
Attn: General Partner
1740 Persimmon Drive. Suite 100
Naples, FL 34109
 

Phone:(239)325-2001


Fax:(239) 325-2004

 


Principal
Amount of Secured Obligations as of the date this Signature Page is signed:
 

 
Michael
R. Knox
 


/s/ Michael
R. Knox
Date:
 

Michael
R. Knox
 
Address
for Notices:
5337
Panda Bear Circle
East Lansing, Ml 48823
 

Phone:(517)351-4813


Fax:(517)705-1113

 


Principal Amount of Secured Obligations as of the date this Signature Page is signed:
 

 
XGS
II, LLC
 


By:  
/s/ David G. Pendell
Date:
1-15-2014

Name:
David G. Pendell

Title:
Managing Member

 
Address for
Notices:
XGS
II, LLC
5500 Lake Grove Trail
Petoskey, Ml 49770
 

Phone:(239) 450-5097

Fax:       
 


Amount of secured Obligation as of the date this signature page is signed:
 

 
**Signature
Pages Countinued on next page**
 
 
 
 
SVIC
No. 15 New Technology Business Investment L.L.P.
 


By:
/s/
    Seonjong     Lee
Date
 

Name:
SEONJONG
    LEE

Title:
C.E.O

 
Address for Notices:
29th Samsung
ElectronicsBldg.
11, Seoch- dearo 74 gil, Seocho-gu,
Seoul, Korea 137-857
 


Phone:
 
 

Fax:
 
 

 


Amount of Secured Obligations as of the date this Signature Page is signed:


 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
1 - EXCLUDED COLLATERAL
 
The
Patent Rights within the meaning of that certain Restated and Amended Exclusive License Agreement between Michigan State University
and the Company.
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
2 - EXCEPTIONS FOR COPYRIGHTS, PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS
 
The
Company has distribution agreements with sales agents and other companies that allow the use of the Company’s trademarks
n the normal course of business.
 
The
Company has licensed the below listed production and manufacturing technology to the following licensees:
 
Cabot
Corporation – production technology for the production of graphene nanoplatelets as more fully defined in the LICENSE AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
CABOT
CORPORATION AND XG SCIENCES INC. dated November 1, 2011 and amended on January 23, 2013
 
POSCO
production technology for the production of graphene nanoplatelets as more fully defined in the LICENSE AGREEMENT between XG
Sciences, Inc. and POSCO dated June 8, 2011
 
In
November of 2011, the Company entered into a license agreement between the Company and Cabot Corporation (“Cabot”),
a copy of which has been supplied to AAOF (the “License Agreement”). Subsequent to the execution of the License Agreement,
Michigan State University (“MSU”) expressed concern regarding the form of the License Agreement, including whether
any MSU technology might have been included in the License Agreement. After discussions among Cabot, MSU, and the Company, Cabot
drafted a First Amendment to the License Agreement Between Cabot and the Company (the “Amendment”). The Amendment contains
warranties, attested by both the Company and its Chief Scientist, Dr. Lawrence Drzal, asserting that no MSU technology had been
improperly transferred to Cabot. The Company executed the Amendment on January 29, 2013, and has provided a copy to AAOF. The Company
understood that this matter was closed when it provided the Amendment to AAOF. However, the Company subsequently learned that Cabot
has not yet signed the Amendment because a new Vice President had been appointed. Additionally, the Company received a letter from
MSU dated March 20, 2013 stating that MSU wanted to review this issue. The Company, Cabot, and MSU are currently renegotiating
the Amendment. MSU is currently engaged in an audit of the technology transfer package associated with the Cabot License Agreement.
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
3 - LIST OF LOCATIONS
 
3101
Grand Oak Drive
Lansing,
MI 48911
 
4055
English Oak, Suite B
Lansing,
MI 48911
 
2100
S. Washington Avenue
Lansing,
MI 48910
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
4 - EXISTING SECURED INDEBTEDNESS
 


1. 
Aspen Advanced Opportunity Fund, LP (1) 
$4,178,330.92 

2. 
SVIC No. 15 New Technology Business Investment L.L.P. 
$3,000,000.00 

3. 
Michael Knox 
$872,998.15 

4. 
XGS II, LLC 
$739,349.83 

  
Total 
$8,790,678.90 

 
(1)
Aspen Amounts exclude certain funds advanced to the Company pursuant to a Master Lease Agreement for the purchase of equipment,
the liens on which are permitted liens under this Agreement.
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
5 - EXISTING LIENS
 


Secured
    Party
Assets
    Covered

 
 

Michael R. Knox
All tangible and intangible assets of the Company

 
 

Aspen Advanced Opportunity Fund, L.P.
All tangible and intangible assets of the Company

 
 

XGS II, LLC
All tangible and intangible assets of the Company

 
 

SVIC No. 15 New Technology Business Investment L.L.P.
All tangible and intangible assets of the Company

 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
ANNEX
6 - XG SCIENCES IP. LLC ASSETS
 
All
“Intellectual Property” as defined in the Assignment of Intellectual Property dated effective as of January 15, 2014
between the Company and XG Sciences IP, LLC, including without limitation the following:
 
Patents:
 



Patent
Application
Number
Application
Date
Description

13/474,860
5/18/2012
Process
    of Dry Milling Particulate Materials Milled Graphene/Metal Nano Composites

61/786,735
3/15/2013
Graphene
    Carbon Compositions

13/686,961
11/28/2012
Single
    Mode Microwave Device for Producing Exfoliated Graphite

13/610,934
9/12/2012
Cloud
    Mixer and Method of Minimizing Agglomeration of Particulates

13/435,260
3/30/2012
Mechanical
    Exfoliation Apparatus

61/786,745
3/15/2013
Electrodes
    for Capacitors from Mixed Carbon Compositions

14079057
11/13/2013
Silicon-Graphene
    Nanocomposites for Electrochemical Applications

 
Trademarks:
 
XG
Sciences (Design Plus Words)
xGnP
XG
Sciences The Material Difference (Design Plus Words)
XG
Leaf (Application Pending)
 
 
 
 
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY
AGREEMENT
 
EXHIBIT
A
 
Form
of Secured Convertible Promissory Note
 
 
 






 Share
  






















Link




Embed







 Download 

 PDF DOC Open with Google Docs











Xg Sciences Inc
Get email updates when Xg Sciences Inc posts a new contract

      Loading...
    


Table of Contents


              Section 1.
              
                Definitions
              

              “.
              
                Accounts
              


              “.
              
                Agent
              


              “.
              
                Business
              


              “.
              
                Collateral
              


              “.
              
                Copyright Collateral
              


              “.
              
                Copyrights
              


              “.
              
                Documents
              


              “.
              
                Equipment
              


              “.
              
                Event of Default
              


              “.
              
                Excluded Collateral
              


              “.
              
                Instruments
              


              “.
              
                Intellectual Property
              


              “.
              
                Inventory
              


              “.
              
                Patent Collateral
              


              “.
              
                Patents
              


              “.
              
                Permitted Indebtedness
              


              “.
              
                Permitted Liens
              


              “.
              
                Pledged Interests
              


              “.
              
                Secured Obligations
              


              “.
              
                Secured Parties
              


              “.
              
                Subsidiary
              


              “.
              
                Trademark Collateral
              


              “.
              
                Trademarks
              


              “.
              
                Transaction Agreements
              


              “.
              
                Uniform Commercial Code
              



              Section 2.
              
                Representations and Warranties of the Company
              


              Section 3.
              
                Collateral
              


              Section 4.
              
                Further Assurances; Remedies
              

              4.01.
              
                Delivery and Other Perfection
              


              4.02.
              
                Other Financing Statements and Liens
              


              4.03.
              
                Special Provisions Relating to Certain Collateral
              

              A.
              
                Intellectual Property
              


              B.
              
                Pledged Interests
              



              4.04.
              
                Events of Default, etc
              


              4.05.
              
                Deficiency
              


              4.06.
              
                Removals, etc
              


              4.07.
              
                Application of Proceeds
              


              4.08.
              
                Attorney-in-Fact
              


              4.09.
              
                Perfection
              


              4.10.
              
                Termination
              


              4.11.
              
                Expenses
              


              4.12.
              
                Further Assurances
              



              Section 5.
              
                Miscellaneous
              

              5.01.
              
                No Waiver
              


              5.02.
              
                Governing Law
              


              5.03.
              
                Notices
              


              5.04.
              
                Waivers, etc
              


              5.05.
              
                Successors and Assigns
              


              5.06.
              
                Counterparts; Additional Secured Parties
              


              5.07.
              
                Appointment of Agent
              


              5.08.
              
                Powers and Duties
              


              5.09.
              
                Resignation and Removal
              


              5.10.
              
                Indemnity of Agent
              


              5.11.
              
                Severability
              


              5.12.
              
                Entire Agreement
              




Items found in this contractDate


3101


1740
Location


Aspen


Florida


Michigan


Lansing


Naples
Organization


LLC


Event of Default


Secured Party


Company


Special Provisions Relating to Certain Collateral

Similar Contracts:



    view all contract types
  

Most Common Clauses in Amended And Restated Security Agreement:












×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Products and Services | YORK FUNDING LLC | YORK FUNDING LLC Products and ServicesOur approach and discretionary funds enable us to provide fast and flexible capital.York Funding will review your deal in 48 hoursFrom review to closing in less than 2 weeksYork Funding has full discretion over its investment capitalLong-term investments – up to 3 yearsNo pre-payment penalties on fixed interest loansHard Money LendingWe have over 40 years of combined experience in investment real estate financingYork Funding is a ‘bridge’ lender to real estate professionals in the acquisition and renovation of one-to-four family houses, multi-family apartment buildings, mixed-use properties, commercial properties, and new construction nationwide. Hard money loans, sometimes referred to as bridge loans, are short-term mortgages that seasoned real estate investors use to finance an investment project. This type of loan is often used for house flippers (fix and flip), developers, renovators, and speculators whose goal is to renovate or develop a property to sell or refinance. Unlike traditional banks and inexperienced lenders, we have the ability to underwrite, evaluate, and fund loans faster and more efficiently with our common sense approach.Learn MoreUltra Short Transactional FundingSame day and up to 90 day fundsTransactional Funding is a two step process for deals that require an intermediary between an original buyer and end buyer, a situation that may occur with many lenders. Typically, most lenders will not allow contract assignments and instead require the original buyer to provide funds immediately upon purchase, regardless of when they anticipate transferring it to the end buyer in a secondary sale. These initial funds can be borrowed for anywhere between 0 and 90 days in order to satisfy the requirements of the bank for the initial purchase before the funds from the end buyer are attained. All standard underwriting procedures are still followed.Learn MoreJoint VenturesCall us to discuss your next dealYork Funding gets creative with joint venture real estate projects with select borrowers. This includes the acquisition, renovation and repositioning of one-to-four family houses, multi-family apartment buildings, mixed-use properties, commercial properties, and new construction. This creative method frees up more capital for our professional real estate investors.Real Estate ManagementManaging commercial and multi-family residential properties since 1995York manages over 50 million in assets nationwide. York provides comprehensive real estate solutions to clients. The Real Estate Management Office is responsible for the management, acquisition, sale, and leasing of real property. Real estate management is both an art and a science. Designing business strategies for our clients in a variety of marketplaces, our experience establishes and maintains long-term relationships for long-term growth. Personalized service combined with sophisticated technology, a knowledgeable staff, and an extensive network of connections enable us to manage our properties efficiently.York Funding provides:Centralized management of real propertyAcquisition, sale, and leasing of real propertyAssessment of property for holding or saleManagement of leases – compliance, collection, and paymentsYork Funding manages over $50 million in assets nationwide . All of York Funding’s properties are self-managed. York Funding’s services include comprehensive site acquisition, asset management, leasing, property management, accounting, and financial reporting.Real Estate Purchase & DevelopmentReal Estate Owned Portfolio OverviewYork Funding is engaged in the acquisition, renovation, and repositioning of one-to-four family houses, multi-family apartment buildings, mixed use properties, commercial properties, and new construction. The company manages over 50 million in assets nationwide. York Funding also provides comprehensive site acquisition, asset management, leasing, property management, accounting, and financial reporting.Call UsCall 718-707-0090 for more information.Email UsYou can also email us at info@yorkfunding.comRegisterFor company news and updates.ApplicationComplete and email or fax back to us.CALL 718-707-0090 NOW FOR MORE INFORMATIONCONTACT US NOWDirect hard money bridge lender to real estate professionals.YORK FUNDING LLC37-18 Northern Boulevard, Suite 417Long Island City, NY 11101Email: info@yorkfunding.comPhone: 718-707-0090Fax: 718-707-0086BROKERS PROTECTEDCopyright © 2017 - YORK FUNDING LLC | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | PRIVACY POLICYContact UsYou can send us an email and we'll get back to you, asap.SendStart typing and press Enter to search









Home - Jump Natural









































































 
0Shopping CartFacebookTwitterYoutubeInstagram 






 Susan down 9 lbs. & 25.5 inches in 6 weeks  Ron 6 pounds his first week  Trac down 14 pounds & better energy  Christine had health improvements   JUMP START PROGRAM   [STEM CELL RESET]    New Kits Available    JUMP START  YOUR RESULTS FAST    New Kits Available Now!   it's finally hereJUMP START PROGRAM LAUNCH   New Kits Available 


Featured Products
View All


  Show Details Jump Start Basic Kit
$127.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Jump Start Kit Plus
$237.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Jump Start Pack
$161.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Jump KICK™ Fat & Carb Shield
$36.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Basic Autoship
$69.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Energy Pack
$60.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Excel Autoship Pack
$125.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Ignite – Ketones & More
$34.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Jump Blitz Cards
$7.50
  Show Details 

  Show Details Basic 2 Autoship
$119.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Advanced Autoship
$149.00
  Show Details 

  Show Details Ultimate Autoship
$249.00
  Show Details 
PreviousNext
 






EARN EXTRA INCOME

Become a distributor today & get access to wholesale prices.
Enroll Today










Learn the benefits

Become a distributor and earn your product for FREE if you have 3 preferred customers. 









Jumpcore™Nutritional Shake
Buy Now










DAILY Maintain pack

Live a healthy active liftstyle with this package and save money!
Get Started









SAVE 25%
when you orderby autoship









ViewAutoshipPackages
Learn More





 
   

 
FUN. SIMPLE. MEANINGFUL.
Copyright © Jump Natural 2016. All Rights Reserved
NavigationHome
My Account
About Us
Enroll
Shop
Return Policy
Opportunity
Shipping Policy
Contact
Policy & Procedures
Location Jump Natural
130 Empire Drive
West Seneca, NY 14224
 
Phone 1-855-906-JUMP
Follow Us 






Hours Mon-Fri 10am-6pm


































Scroll to top







JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC | Business-detail.com































Business-detail.com










Home













JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC











Company name
JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC




Ownership
Domestic


Company status
Good Standing


State of incorporation
SOUTH CAROLINA








File date



Effective date



Dissolved date





JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC is an entity registered at South Carolina. Agent is HOWARD FORMAN  at the address Myrtle Beach, 8303 Juxa Drive. Current status of the company is Good Standing.


Registered agent information


Registered agent name
JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC


Address
8303 JUXA DRIVE


City
MYRTLE BEACH


State
SC


Zip
29579


Second address



Corporation History Records


Code
File date
Comment


Amendment
9th March 2015
DISSOCIATED MEMBER: DEVITO FAMILY TRUST


Amendment
9th March 2015
DISSOCIATED MEMBER: BARRY GROUP INTERNATIONAL LLC


Agent
9th March 2015
CHANGED REGISTERED AGENT ADDRESS/CHANGED REGISTERED AGENT FROM: MIKE KELLY


Domestic LLC
16th December 2014
SCBOS Filing: AT WILL



Last visited companies


OLDE TIME HOLIDAY BAKE SHOPPE LLC
M & D BOYD PROPERTIES, LLC
WATERFRONT MARINE CONSTRUCTION CO., INC.
AIR TRANSPORT OF THE CAROLINAS MANAGEMENT, LLC
CUSTOM SECURITY GROUP LLC
CATS LLC
CHARLESTON BLUE PRINT & SUPPLY CO., INC.
CEDAR POST, LLC




JUXA HOLDINGS, LLC
MULLEN BAY LLC
BACKSTAGE COUNTRY, LLC
CAROLINA RECREATIONAL CONCEPTS. L.L.C.
ELITE KINGS AND QUEENS SOCIAL CLUB
NORTH CRANE CREEK, LLC
I-26 ASSOCIATES, LLC
IKS/ACM, INC.



Related companies


JUXP FUNDING, LLC
JUXTAPOSITION HOME & GARDEN LLC
JUXTAPOSITION, LLC
JV  HOLDINGS, LLC
JV & CJ ENTERPRISES, INC.
JV CHILDREN, LLC
JV CLEANING SERVICES LLC
JV CONCRETE CO LLC




JUXA CORPORATION THE
JUVOCITY, LLC
JUVENTIO, LLC
JUVENTAS, INC.
JUVENILE RESTITUTION PROGRAM, INC.
JUVENILE PROTECTIVE ASSOCIATION
JUVENILE JUSTICE TRAINERS ASSOCIATION
JUVENEXT, LLC

















© Copyright 2016 by Business-detail.com. All Rights Reserved.











