



Kailos Genetics | Random Research







































Random ResearchCURATED, CONTEXTUAL, RELEVANT Reg D-based NARRATIVES provided by www.XDATA.co 




					Tagged: Kailos Genetics 



May 6, 2013


						Genetic testing company in the market with a $4 million equity offering					



Kailos Genetics, Inc., provides solutions for medical genetic testing specifically for the identification of gene sequences and mutations. Its flagship product TargetRich is a diagnostic kit consisting primarily of nucleic acid primers and reagents for use in genetic testing for research purposes. It utilizes Nested PatchPC technology to enrich genomic regions of interest for next generation sequencing. The company is also coming out with Kailos Blue a cloud environment for investigators to manage their NGS workflow, analyze sequences post-target enrichment and actively utilize their stored data.
The company is currently raising $4 million in equity without the help of a placement agent from at most 40 investors. Kailos previously raised an estimated $7.5 million in equity via two financing rounds in November 2010 and December 2011 from ATV among others. Kailos is headquartered in Huntsville, AL and was founded in March 2010. It is led by Brian Pollock (CEO), Troy Moore (CScO), Michael Walters (CStO) and Randy Bachmeyer (CTO).
Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to email (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)








 
72,724 visitors


Follow Random Research on WordPress.com

My Tweets

Search for:



  Recent Posts 

Big Switch Networks’ $23.5 million offering lures eighteen backers


$23.35 million raised so far by Satellogic (Nettar Group) via private placement


Nexamp placed $14.56 million with one investor


Choice Pet is in the market with a $3.5 million financing round


$10.1 million financing final close reported by late filer LoadSmart


 Archives 
June 2017
June 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
February 2016
January 2016
December 2015
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014
December 2013
October 2013
September 2013
August 2013
July 2013
June 2013
May 2013

Follow Blog via Email, enter e-mail and click on follow








 


 




















Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			





 








































































































































	XX KAILOS GENETICS Trademark of Kailos Genetics, Inc.. Serial Number: 85111668 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Services & Scient...
XX KAILOS GENETICS










 
Get FREE email alerts













XX KAILOS GENETICS  Trademark Information
 Kailos Genetics, Inc.
Scientific research in the field of molecular based gene sequences and mutations
Genetic testing for medical purposes in the field of identification of gene sequences and mutations




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 





Words that describe this mark
scientific   research   field   molecular   based   gene   sequences   mutations    
                                    




This is a brand page for the XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark by Kailos Genetics, Inc. 
                                in Huntsville, AL, 35806.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Kailos Genetics, Inc. of the XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark.
                           






On Thursday, August 19, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        XX KAILOS GENETICS by 
                        Kailos Genetics, Inc., Huntsville, AL  35806.
                        The USPTO has given the XX KAILOS GENETICS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85111668.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for XX KAILOS GENETICS is 
                        
                        
                                            JEREMY A. SMITH of 
                                            BRADLEY ARANT BOULT CUMMINGS LLP,  200 CLINTON AVE W STE 900, HUNTSVILLE, AL 35801-4933 
                                .
                            The XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Services & Scientific Services
                                , 
                                    Medical, Beauty & Agricultural Services 
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for XX KAILOS GENETICS 
                            is Scientific research in the field of molecular based gene sequences and mutations. 
                            





Word mark:
 XX KAILOS GENETICS


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

7/17/2012

Estimated Renewal Deadline: July 17, 2018See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
85111668


  Filing Date:  
8/19/2010


 Registration Number:  
4176240 


 Registration Date:  
7/17/2012


 Goods and Services: 
Scientific research in the field of molecular based gene sequences and mutations


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of the representation of two human figures, each in the shape of the letter "X" which are comprised of two ribbon-like lines that intersect at the mid-points of each of the letters "X", with a sphere representing the figures' heads centered slightly above the upraised arms represented by the upper-half of the letters "X"; the lower-half of the letters "X" represent the lower-half of the figures' bodies; the two letters "X" are centered above the words "KAILOS GENETICS".


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
3/8/2011


Last Applicant/Owner:

Kailos Genetics, Inc.Huntsville, AL  35806
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Grotesque men formed by letters, numbers, punctuation or geometric shapes  (Human Beings  -  Men) see more design...


                                                    Two circles  (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Circles that are totally or partially shaded. (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Letters or numerals, including punctuation, forming representations of human beings or parts of human beings (Forms of writing   -  Letters or numerals, including punctuation, forming figurative elements) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("GENETICS")


 Correspondent:


JEREMY A. SMITH
BRADLEY ARANT BOULT CUMMINGS LLP
200 CLINTON AVE W STE 900
HUNTSVILLE, AL 35801-4933






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (042) - Scientific and technological services and research and design relating thereto; industrial analysis and research services; design and development of computer hardware and software. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/31/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
3/31/2012




Primary Class: 
 Class (044) - Medical services; veterinary services; hygienic and beauty care for human beings or animals; agriculture, horticulture and forestry services. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/31/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
3/31/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

7/17/2012
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



JEREMY A. SMITH


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of XX KAILOS GENETICS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search xxkailosgenetics on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for XX KAILOS GENETICS 




XX KAILOS GENETICS is providing Scientific research in the field of molecular based gene sequences and mutations.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 





























 




Kailos Genetics, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:15 AM ET
Life Sciences Tools and Services

Company Overview of Kailos Genetics, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kailos Genetics, Inc., a personalized medicine information company, provides gene-based testing services for clinicians and researchers. It offers TargetRich, a technology that enables analysts to separate genes of interest from unimportant background DNA; Kailos Blue end-to-end software suite; and products for research use and reference lab services. The company also develops carrier screening tests for parents; and tests covering various medical conditions. In addition, it offers its tests for people concerned about health, people starting new medicines, and families planning to have children. The company sells its tests online. Kailos Genetics, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Hun...
Kailos Genetics, Inc., a personalized medicine information company, provides gene-based testing services for clinicians and researchers. It offers TargetRich, a technology that enables analysts to separate genes of interest from unimportant background DNA; Kailos Blue end-to-end software suite; and products for research use and reference lab services. The company also develops carrier screening tests for parents; and tests covering various medical conditions. In addition, it offers its tests for people concerned about health, people starting new medicines, and families planning to have children. The company sells its tests online. Kailos Genetics, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Huntsville, Alabama.
Detailed Description


601 Genome WaySuite 3005Huntsville, AL 35806-2908United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 256-327-9800

www.kailosgenetics.com







Key Executives for Kailos Genetics, Inc.




Mr. Brian Pollock


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Dr. Cheri L. Walker Ph.D.


      	Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
      








Mr. Michael J. Walters


      	Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer and Director
      








Mr. Randall C. Bachmeyer Ph.D.


      	Chief Technology Officer
      








Mr. Troy Moore


      	Chief Scientific Officer, Secretary and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Kailos Genetics, Inc. Key Developments

Kailos Genetics Announces Co-Marketing Agreement with Illumina, Inc. for Pharmacogenetics Solution for Research
Mar 21 17
Kailos Genetics announced it has entered into a co-marketing agreement with Illumina, Inc. Under the terms of the agreement, Illumina will market and promote the Kailos TargetRich™ line of research solutions for pharmacogenetics targets through its commercial channels. Kailos research solutions under the agreement include: TargetRich PGxComplete™ and Kailos Blue™. TargetRich PGxComplete™ is a research use-only reagent that targets a spectrum of relevant genes and provides insights on effectiveness of more than 100 medications based on the resulting genotype. Kailos Blue is the company’s automated data analysis solution – built with one of the industry’s most advanced computing – and reporting software for using TargetRich reagents. As an Illumina BaseSpace Suite® ecosystem partner, the solution integrates with and pulls data from BaseSpace Sequence Hub which enables customers to, in real-time, stream their data directly from the sequencing instrument. TargetRich’s automated approach uses a single tube from start to finish with addition-only protocol, which results in a hands-on time of only 75 minutes. The use of unique molecular identifiers offers extremely high levels of sequence quality analysis, delivering results from research experiments at a low cost per targeted base pair.


Kailos Genetics Announces Release of PGxComplet
Oct 14 15
Kailos Genetics announced the release of PGxComplete, a comprehensive, full panel, gene-based test offered at $99 through November 30, 2015, a test that traditionally sells for hundreds or even thousands of dollars. By further reducing their already low cost full panel test, Kailos is able to give consumers greater access to affordable genetic testing, ultimately giving them the power to make more informed decisions about their health. The full panel tests 20 different classes of medications to reveal how one’s body responds to more than 50 types of medications, including antidepressants, opioids, HIV/AIDS treatment and cancer therapy. By understanding how one’s body metabolizes these medicines, each person can take greater control over their own health helping to avoid overdose, select the most effective medications and receive the desired results from treatment. PGxComplete gives people the tools needed to work with their physician to select the right medication and dosage combination based on their DNA. This helps ensure that they are getting the desired effects of treatment. The company developed the PGxComplete test using advanced technology that harnesses DNA sequencing and enables a more holistic view of a person’s gene-based medical information.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10X Genomics, Inc. United States 4G Clinical, Inc. United States AAPharmaSyn LLC United States Abiant, Inc. United States aBioBot, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      July 11, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      November 16, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kailos Genetics, Inc., please visit www.kailosgenetics.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Kailos Genetics Inc 601 Genome Way Huntsville, AL Health Services - MapQuest







































































































    Kailos Genetics Inc
  

601 Genome Way

Huntsville
AL
35806




 Reviews



(256) 541-9131
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help























Kailos Genetics, Inc.                                                                                                    - Huntsville                                        , AL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



AL



Huntsville



offices and Clinics of Medical Doctors



Medical Centers



                            Kailos Genetics, Inc.
                                    



 





















K 


Kailos Genetics, Inc.                                                                                                   
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



601 GENOME WAY STE 3005 HUNTSVILLE, AL 35806
Get Directions



(256) 327-9800
 





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $636,415.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Medical Centers
 Contacts Brian Pollock                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2010 the company has been providing Medical Centers. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















KAILOS GENETICS, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    KAILOS GENETICS, INC.











Company number F14000005081
        

Status Active
        

FEI number 272273256
        

Company Type Foreign for Profit
        

Home State DE
        

Last activity date not available
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/1/2014
        

Principal Address
            601 GENOME WAY, STE. 2005, HUNTSVILLE, 35806
            


Mailing Address 601 GENOME WAY, STE. 2005, HUNTSVILLE, AL, 35806
        
KAILOS GENETICS, INC. Principals

Chairman, E, O
                Pollock Brian K
                 


Address
                5833 CRINER ROAD, HUNTSVILLE, AL, 35802
                 



O
                Moore David T
                 


Address
                5831 CRINER ROAD, HUNTSVILLE, AL, 35802
                 



O
                Walters Michael J
                 


Address
                74 LEDGE VIEW DRIVE, HUNTSVILLE, AL, 35802
                 







Registered Agent

Agent Name SCHONBERG           MARC (p)
        

Agent Address
                4059 PINEWOOD LANE, WESTON, FL, 33331
                

Description
KAILOS GENETICS, INC. has been set up 12/1/2014 in state DE.  
The current status of the business is Active. The KAILOS GENETICS, INC. principal adress is 601 GENOME WAY, STE. 2005, HUNTSVILLE, 35806. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 601 GENOME WAY, STE. 2005, HUNTSVILLE, AL, 35806. 
The company`s registered agent is SCHONBERG           MARC 4059 PINEWOOD LANE, WESTON, FL, 33331.  
The company`s management are Chairman, E, O - Pollock Brian K, O - Moore David T, O - Walters Michael J.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
KAILOS INTERNATIONAL SERVICES INC
KAI LOUIS GROUP, LLC
KAIL PARTNERS ARCHITECTURE AND INTERIORS
KAIL PARTNERS LLC
KAIL REAL ESTATE, INC.
KAILS -RUBE- GOLF PRODUCTS INC

























Information Guides | Kailos



















Skip to main content






 
 








Information Guides








Resources you can share
Download these free brochures to learn more about the Kailos test and what to discuss with your family and your doctor:
Instructions: How to take your Kailos test
Talking to Your Doctor
 
 


 











About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 









































Your Privacy Protected | Kailos



















Skip to main content






 
 














Will testing put my privacy at risk?








 


Kailos Genetics is committed to keeping your genetic information private. We do not share genetic test results with anyone except you and your doctor. We will never make your Kailos test results public. And we don’t rent or sell your genetic information to other businesses; we don’t pass your genetic information to your health insurance company or your employer, either.
When you get your genes tested, your privacy is also protected in other ways. Your privacy is protected by a law called the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008. The law says employers and health insurance companies are not allowed to discriminate against you because of what you find in your genetic tests. For example, the law says:

Health insurance companies are not permitted to use your genetic information to decide whether or not to give you health coverage
Your employer is not permitted to fire you or make decisions about your salary or position because of your genetic information
Also, health insurance companies and employers can’t make you take a genetic test if you don’t want to

You can learn more by reading about the law here.
Even with these protections, be careful before sharing your test results with anyone. The law may not prohibit every instance of discrimination. Consult a lawyer before sharing your test results with anyone besides your doctor, just to make sure your privacy is protected.

















About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 









































How We Help | Kailos



















Skip to main content






 
 














Making healthcare about YOU









In 2003, a very important piece of research called the “Human Genome Project” was completed. This research examined human DNA, the biological instructions that make each person unique. This research attempted to understand all of the sections of DNA, called genes, and what they do within a person’s body. Until recently, medical researchers have mainly been the ones using this information (such as to develop new drugs or improve their understanding of genetic disorders). 
Today, Kailos is making gene-based healthcare available to YOU by using information learned from the Human Genome Project. Our simple testing process (no needles, no waiting rooms) and easy-to-read health reports give you the power to make decisions about your health with more confidence.

If we have children, could there be a high chance of genetic disease?
Will Plavix and other medicines work effectively for me?
What is my risk of getting certain types of cancers?

How will gene-based testing help you?
Your genes matter. The information contained in them can help you and your doctors make important decisions about your health. Kailos provides gene-based tests in order to help you understand how you may react to medicines, what diseases you may develop later in life, or even what conditions or traits you may pass on to your children. To learn what Kailos offers, choose from the following:



Thinking About Your Overall Health

Find Out


Starting or taking medicine

Learn about all medicines


Planning or expecting a baby

Find Out












Did you know?





Scientists think there are about 20,000 genes in the human body - not all of them are important to your health. Using their knowledge of the important ones, Kailos can help you understand how your genes can impact your health.















About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 









































If You're Taking Plavix | Kailos




















Skip to main content






 
 














Plavix will not work for 1 in every 6 people. Find out if it works for you.










Plavix is used for preventing heart attacks, strokes, and certain types of blood clots. However, Plavix does not work for all gene types and can lead to serious side effects. If you are taking Plavix and have changes in one gene, you have greater than 3 times the risk of having another heart attack, stroke, or even death. Genetic testing with Kailos lets you know what type of genes you have so you can avoid harmful side effects and receive the best treatment for your body.
How Kailos can help you
With the Kailos test, you will know how your body responds to Plavix. For those currently being treated, this can reveal if you are benefiting from Plavix, or if you should consider other medicines. If you are thinking about taking Plavix, genetic testing can show you how your body will break down Plavix before you need treatment. At Kailos Genetics, we sequence your DNA and compare it to clinical study data to find out if you will get results with Plavix.
Know what will be most effective, order your Plavix test today!


Plavix, $299 $99


-





+









Add To Cart 














Why would I respond differently? 
There is a special gene called “CYP2C19” found in your DNA. This gene tells your body to use (metabolize) Plavix so the medicine can work to protect you from blood clots, chest pain, heart attacks and strokes. If you have changes in this gene that cause metabolizing Plavix to slow down, you get less or no protection at all. Know if your body uses Plavix the right way so you can be protected from harmful side effects.
Protect your health, get tested today!

Plavix, $299 $99
-+Add To Cart 

 

 





Did you know?





Your doctor may not test your genes before you start Plavix to see how it will work for you. Getting tested is up to you. The FDA and the makers of Plavix (clopidogrel) do recommend testing to learn how your body breaks down and uses Plavix. By getting your  Kailos test you can feel more confident about what to expect from your Plavix treatment.






Not ready to order your test? If you’d like to stay in touch and get e-mails about how people are using gene testing to manage their health, check the boxes below.
Be the first to hear about Kailos promotions, too.



Name *



Email *



I am *

 Female 


 Male 


 Over the age of 13 


By registering, I agree to receive e-mails from Kailos. I am aware of the Kailos privacy policy. I know my personal information will be kept strictly confidential. Kailos never sells or rents personal information.








I'm interested in: 

 Plavix 


 Statins 


 Anti-hypertinsives 


 Other medicines 




I'm interested in: Other medicines 












Sign Me Up



 








About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 











































Our Mission | Kailos



















Skip to main content






 
 








Our Mission








Making healthcare about YOU
Kailos Genetics is dedicated to making healthcare about YOU.
Until recently, research from the Human Genome Project has mostly been used by medical researchers. At Kailos, we believe everyone should have quick, ethical, and affordable access to the information contained in their genes.
Our convenient Kailos test (no needles, no waiting rooms), easy-to-read health reports, and commitment to your information privacy, all give you the power to make decisions about your health with more confidence.
We back up our dedication to you with the Kailos Guarantee: if we’re unable to provide you with accurate test results, we will refund your money, no questions asked.
 


 











About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 











































Kailos




















Skip to main content



 












Understand how your genes impact your health
Get the Kailos Test 






Information is Power: Cancer screenings for all
Sign Up Today 






How does your body respond to certain medicines?
Learn More 






5 misconceptions about genetic testing
Read our Blog 















How can Kailos help you?

Find out whether certain medicines could give you dangerous side effects, so your doctor can switch you to another medicine
Before an emergency, know which pain medicines will provide you with relief
Prevent a heart attack from occurring by ensuring Plavix works for you
Keep breast cancer from returning – know if your body uses Tamoxifen the right way

No needles. No waiting rooms. Easy-to-read health reports with information about your genes. The Kailos test gives you the power to make decisions about your health with more confidence.




 
 
 
 




Understand how your genes impact your health
Get the Kailos test
The Kailos test lets you find out if a medicine prescribed by your doctor is likely to work for you. Your doctor doesn’t have to guess – and you can feel more confident about your treatment. 









Homepage CRM signup



If you’d like to get e-mails about how people are using gene testing to manage their health, check the boxes below.
Be the first to hear about Kailos promotions, too:



Name *



E-mail *



I am *

 Female 


 Male 




I am *

  over the age of 13 


By registering, I agree to receive e-mails from Kailos. I am aware of the Kailos privacy policy. I know my personal information will be kept strictly confidential. Kailos never sells or rents personal information.






Comments or Questions? 










Tell Me More
 

 


 








About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 










































Products | Kailos




















Skip to main content






 
 








Products








Products

Are you ready to add next-generation sequencing to your testing laboratory?


Kailos Genetics’ TargetRich reagents enable laboratories and genetic testing companies to successfully expand their offerings. The Kailos Blue Solutions give you access to the industry’s most advanced computing and reporting infrastructure with an affordable cloud-based model. Explore the products below or contact us directly for more information at partnering@kailosgenetics.com.

Panels
Pharmacogenetics panel
Hereditary cancer
Custom panels
Software
Blue Analytics
Blue Reporting
For more information, please contact us here
Learn how Kailos can help you.
Contact Us Today 
 


 











About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




















SUBMIT 





Search 







 








































News About Kailos Genetics

| Kailos



















Skip to main content






 
 














 

 07/11/2017 - Kailos Genetics Announces Strategic Investment and Partnership with In-Q-Tel - Partnership will further develop Kailos’ leading-edge next-generation sequencing solutions... [+]


  

 

 09/30/2016 - HudsonAlpha, Kailos Genetics and Redstone Federal Credit Union team up to bring free breast and ovarian cancer genetic testing to North Alabama  - HudsonAlpha expands Information is Power initiative

Huntsville, Ala. — HudsonAlpha... [+]


  



 

 06/22/2016 - Kailos Genetics and Huntsman Cancer Institute   Awarded $2.4 Million Grant for ctDNA Test Development - Funding to support research and delivery of a clinical-grade test to monitor breast cancer... [+]


  

 

 05/16/2016 - Free cancer screenings still available for some women	 - WAFF	
 


  



 

 05/12/2016 - Community BRCA Testing Initiative at Halfway Point - Diagnostic World News
 


  

 

 05/11/2016 - More than 1,000 people take BRCA genetic cancer test in first half of year-long HudsonAlpha program - AL
 


  



 

 05/02/2016 - Gene Testing Lab Goes “Cold Turkey,” Stops Billing Health Plans   - Dark Intelligence Group
 


  

 

 04/29/2016 - In Balance: Realization & Relief  - LEAN
 


  



 

 04/27/2016 - Meet The New CEO Of The $22 Billion Genomics Company You've Never Heard Of - FastCompany
 


  

 

 04/20/2016 - Why Patients Are Getting Hit With Surprise Bills After Genetic Testing	 - FastCompany	
 


  


1
2
3
4
5
6
next ›













About KailosKailos | ConsumerKailos | ProfessionalMedia




Become a PartnerPartnering with UsContact Kailos





How We Help
The Kailos Test
Learn More
Support




Purchase Tests
















SUBMIT 





Search 







 





























