

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Kalmar Investments











































Welcome

From its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware, Kalmar actively manages  Small, Smid and Mid cap growth company portfolios for  institutional and individual investors, including some of the nation's prominent families, charitable institutions, endowments, foundations and retirement funds.

A preponderant portion of the investments are in small cap stocks.  Investments in small cap stocks involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies, are more volatile, and may suffer significant losses.  Further, the market for small cap stocks is generally less liquid than the markets for larger stocks, which can contribute to increased price volatility of small cap stocks. Past performance is not necessarily an indication of future results. 
 

Copyright © 2000-2017 Kalmar Investments Inc.


 
 
Privacy  Policy
|
Proxy Voting
|
Firm Brochure ADV Part 2A


Important Information   |   Back to top 


 





Kalmar Investments - Disclosures











































Important Information 

This Website is a publication of Kalmar Investments. Kalmar Investments is a registered investment adviser. A preponderant portion of the investments are in small cap stocks.  Investments in small cap stocks involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies, are more volatile, and may suffer significant losses.  Further, the market for small cap stocks is generally less liquid than the markets for larger stocks, which can contribute to increased price volatility of small cap stocks.
The information contained in this Website reflects thoughts and opinions of Kalmar Investments only, and the firm is not soliciting any transaction based upon such information. Information presented is believed to be factual and up-to-date, but we do not guarantee its accuracy and it should not be regarded as a complete analysis of the subjects discussed. All expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the authors as of the date of the publication and are subject to change. 
The contents of this web site are for informational purposes only. You should not act or refrain from acting on the basis of any content included in this web site without seeking financial or professional advice on the particular facts and circumstances at issue. Kalmar Investments reserves the right to change any information contained herein without prior notice. The firm is not responsible for any third-party content that may be accessed through this Website. The distribution or photocopying of the firm information contained on or downloaded from this site is strictly prohibited without the express written consent of Kalmar Investments. 
Hyperlinks on this Website are provided as a convenience and we disclaim any responsibility for information, services or products foud on Websites linked hereto. 

    Information on the this Website is not an offer to buy or sell, or a solicition of any offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned herein. Information on this Website is directed toward U.S. residents only. Kalmar Investments is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. Kalmar Investments only transacts business in states where it is properly registered, or is excluded or exempted from registration requirements. 
For additional information on Kalmar Investments and its investment advisory services, please refer to the firm's Form ADV Part II, which is available upon request by calling 800-463-6670.



Copyright © 2000-2017 Kalmar Investments Inc.


 
 
Privacy  Policy
|
Proxy Voting
|
Firm Brochure ADV Part 2A


Important Information   |   Back to top 


 





Kalmar Investments











































Welcome

From its headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware, Kalmar actively manages  Small, Smid and Mid cap growth company portfolios for  institutional and individual investors, including some of the nation's prominent families, charitable institutions, endowments, foundations and retirement funds.

A preponderant portion of the investments are in small cap stocks.  Investments in small cap stocks involve greater risks than investments in larger, more established companies, are more volatile, and may suffer significant losses.  Further, the market for small cap stocks is generally less liquid than the markets for larger stocks, which can contribute to increased price volatility of small cap stocks. Past performance is not necessarily an indication of future results. 
 

Copyright © 2000-2017 Kalmar Investments Inc.


 
 
Privacy  Policy
|
Proxy Voting
|
Firm Brochure ADV Part 2A


Important Information   |   Back to top 


 





Kalmar Investments Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:34 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Kalmar Investments Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kalmar Investments Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, families, charitable institutions, endowments, foundations, and retirement funds. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The firm typically invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, small/mid-cap, and mid-cap companies. It invests small-cap companies with market capitalizations between $100 million and $2.0 billion, small/mid-cap companies with market capitalizations between $700 million and $7 billion and mid-cap companies with...
Kalmar Investments Inc. is an employee owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to individuals, families, charitable institutions, endowments, foundations, and retirement funds. It manages separate client-focused equity portfolios. The firm also launches and manages equity mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The firm typically invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, small/mid-cap, and mid-cap companies. It invests small-cap companies with market capitalizations between $100 million and $2.0 billion, small/mid-cap companies with market capitalizations between $700 million and $7 billion and mid-cap companies with market capitalization within $2 billion to $20 billion. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a combination of a top-down and a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolios. It utilizes in-house research to make all its investments. Kalmar Investment Advisers was founded in 1982 and is based in Wilmington, Delaware.
Detailed Description


Barley Mill House3701 Kennett PikeWilmington, DE 19807United StatesFounded in 1982



Phone: 302-658-7575

Fax: 302-658-7513

www.kalmarinvestments.com







Key Executives for Kalmar Investments Inc.




Mr. Ford Bowman Draper Jr.


      	Founder, President, Chief Investment Officer, Co-leader of the Investment Team, Chairman & Director
      


Age: 75
        







Ms. Marjorie Linda McMenamin


      	Director of Operations for Client Services
      








Mr. Ford Bowman Draper III


      	Managing Director
      








Mr. Dana Ford Walker CFA


      	Co-leader of the Investment Team, Portfolio Manager, and Research Analyst
      


Age: 57
        







Ms. Nancy Marie Romito


      	Director of Client Services
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kalmar Investments Inc., please visit www.kalmarinvestments.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Kalmar Investments - Contact












































Contact Info


Separate Account Contact:
Kalmar Investments
Barley Mill House
3701 Kennett Pike
Wilmington, DE 19807
Phone:  (302) 658-7575
E-mail Contact:  Nancy Romito
Please use the form below.


To receive a printed copy of our proxy voting policies and procedures, please call the investment advisor at (800) 463-6670.
For more information on Kalmar Investments, please complete the following form:


Tell us how to get in touch with you:




Name 



Street Address 



Street Address (cont.) 



City/State/Zip 
    


Country 




Work Phone # 


Home Phone # 



Fax # 



E-Mail Address 


Please have representative contact me regarding:


Separate Account Management


Other

Please enter any additional information or comments:



 

Change the code


Enter the characters you see:



  



 

Copyright © 2000-2017 Kalmar Investments Inc.


 
 
Privacy  Policy
|
Proxy Voting
|
Firm Brochure ADV Part 2A


Important Information   |   Back to top 


 





Kalmar Proxy Voting Policies












































Proxy Voting Policies & Vote History
Please review Kalmar Investments proxy voting guidelines and voting history. Both Separate Accounts and Kalmar "Growth-with-Value" Small Cap Fund policies are below.

 Kalmar Separate Accounts proxy voting policy 
 Kalmar "Growth-with-Value" Small Cap Fund proxy voting policy
  Kalmar Investment Advisers proxy voting policy
 Proxy Voting History (When clicking this link, you are leaving the Kalmar Investments website and entering a third party website. This third party website is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Kalmar Investments.)



Kalmar Investments Inc.
Separate Accounts
Proxy Voting 
Policy and Procedures

PURPOSE
The  purpose of these Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures is to memorialize the  procedures and policies adopted by Kalmar Investments Inc. (the “Adviser”) to  enable it to comply with its responsibilities and the requirements of Rule  206(4)-6 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (“Advisers  Act”).  According to the “Act” the  Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act in the best long-term interest of its  clients.  An Adviser is a fiduciary that  owes each of its clients the duty of care and loyalty with respect to all  service undertaken on the clients’ behalf including proxy voting.
POLICY
Kalmar Investments Inc. acts as  discretionary investment adviser for various clients including clients governed  by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA).  The conditions that govern the Adviser’s  authority to vote proxies on behalf of its clients are contained in its  investment advisory contract.  The  advisory contract states that Kalmar Investments Inc. will vote proxies on  behalf of its clients unless specifically requested not to do so by the client  in a written request to the adviser.  
PROCEDURES
While the Chief Compliance Officer is  ultimately responsible for ensuring that all proxies required to be voted, are  voted on behalf of Kalmar’s private clients, a Proxy Voting Committee has been  created whose job it is to oversee all decisions relating to proxy voting,  proxy voting guidelines, conflicts of interest, record keeping and disclosure  and to assure that proxies are voted accordingly.
The Proxy Voting Committee (the  “Committee”) after considering the proxy voting requirements pertaining to  Kalmar Investments Inc., especially the SEC mandated reporting requirements,  has elected to contract with an independent third party, Glass Lewis & Co.  (“Glass Lewis”), to vote proxies according to a set of pre-determined proxy  voting policy guidelines.  Importantly,  however, Kalmar Investments Inc. retains the on-going right to override Glass  Lewis proxy votes that it does not believe are in the best interest of its  clients.  Internally, a member of the  investment team serves as the Glass Lewis proxy voting watchdog, reviewing Glass  Lewis proxy research and recommendations, in particular those to vote contrary  to management’s recommendation.  The Glass  Lewis opinion piece is then forwarded to Kalmar’s  portfolio manager or research analyst most familiar with the company in  question.  After email communication with  Kalmar’s investment  team on the voting issue in question, and once a voting decision has been  reached, then voting instructions are transmitted to Glass Lewis and the  watchdog prints and stores paperwork memorializing the decision and it is  retained in the Company’s files.
The Adviser will fulfill its duty of care in  monitoring corporate actions and voting client proxies by regular and continual  review, in a deliberate and informed manner, of the Glass Lewis proxy voting  guidelines and override them as it deems necessary.
CONFLICTS
Conflicts of interest will be identified,  monitored and resolved by joint effort of the Proxy Committee and the  investment team watchdog.  A review of  potential conflicts will include the completion of an annual conflicts  questionnaire by the Adviser’s key employees.   The Proxy Committee will review the questionnaires.  Regular disclosure attested to by the  investment team members and senior officers will identify any conflict with  companies owned on an annual basis.   These procedures combined with the utilization of Glass Lewis proxy  voting guidelines, diminishes the likelihood of material conflicts of interest.
RECORD KEEPING
The Adviser will maintain for the time  periods set forth:  (A) these proxy  voting procedures and policies and amendments thereto; (B) all proxy statements  received regarding securities held by its clients; (C) a record of votes cast  on behalf of its clients; (D) records of shareholder requests for proxy voting  information; (E) all documentation that was material to making a proxy voting  decision or that memorialized the basis for the decision.
DISCLOSURES
Kalmar Investments Inc. will provide a  copy of the Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures to all of its clients within  the new client documentation materials.  Should there be a material change to the  Proxy Voting Policy and Procedures, the change will be highlighted and Kalmar  Investments Inc. will provide their clients with the amended Proxy Voting  Policy and Procedures. 
The actual proxy voting record will be available  to Kalmar Investments Inc. clients on the Firms’s website, www.kalmarinvestments.com or upon  written request.  Within 3 days of  receipt of the request, Kalmar Investments Inc. will, by first class mail,  honor the request.
 
 Back to top 
 

 
Kalmar "Growth-with-Value" Small Cap Fund
Kalmar Pooled Investment Trust
Proxy Voting 
Policy and Procedures
The Board of  Trustees of Kalmar Pooled Investment Trust (the “Trust”) hereby adopts the  following policy and procedures with respect to voting proxies relating to  portfolio securities held by the Trust’s investment portfolio (“Fund”):  
POLICY
It is the policy  of the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) to delegate the responsibility for  voting proxies relating to portfolio securities held by the Fund to the Fund’s  investment adviser (the “Adviser”) as a part of the Adviser’s general  management of the Fund, subject to the Board’s continuing oversight.  The voting of proxies is an integral part of  the investment management services that the Adviser provides pursuant to the  advisory contract.
FIDUCIARY DUTY
The right to  vote a proxy with respect to portfolio securities held by the Fund is an asset  of the applicable Trust.  The Adviser, to  which authority to vote on behalf of the Fund is delegated, acts as a fiduciary  of the Fund and must vote proxies in a manner consistent with the best interest  of the Fund and its shareholders.
PROCEDURES
The following are the procedures adopted by the Board for the administration of this policy:
 Review of Adviser Proxy Voting Procedures.  The Adviser with authority to vote proxies on  behalf of the Fund shall present to the Board its policies, procedures and  other guidelines for voting proxies at least annually, and must notify the  Board promptly of material changes to any of these policies and procedures. 
 Voting Record Reporting.  The Adviser shall report to the Board, upon  request, a record of each proxy voted with respect to portfolio securities of  the Fund.  With respect to those proxies  that the Adviser has identified as involving a conflict of interest, the Adviser  shall submit a separate report indicating the nature of the conflict of  interest and how that conflict was resolved with respect to the voting of the  proxy.
REVOCATION
The delegation  by the Board of the authority to vote proxies relating to portfolio securities  of the Fund is entirely voluntary and may be revoked by the Board, in whole or  in part, at any time.
ANNUAL FILING
The Trust shall  file an annual report of each proxy voted with respect to portfolio securities  of its Fund during the twelve-month period ended June 30 on Form N-PX not later  than August 31 of each year. 
DISCLOSURES
The Trust shall  include in its registration statement: 
A description of  this policy and of the policies and procedures used by the Adviser to determine  how to vote proxies relating to portfolio securities; and
A statement  disclosing that information regarding how the Trust voted proxies relating to  portfolio securities during the most recent 12-month period ended June 30 is  available without charge, upon request, by calling the Trust’s toll-free  telephone number, by accessing the Adviser’s website, or by accessing the SEC  website.
The Trust shall  include in its Annual and Semi-Annual Reports to shareholders:
A statement  disclosing that a description of the policies and procedures used by or on  behalf of the Trust to determine how to vote proxies relating to portfolio  securities of the Fund is available without charge, upon request, by calling  the Trust’s toll-free telephone number, by accessing the Adviser’s website, or  by accessing the SEC website.
REVIEW OF POLICY
At least  annually, the Board shall review this Policy to determine its sufficiency and  shall make and approve any changes that it deems necessary from time to time.
  
 Back to top 
 

Kalmar Investment Advisers
  Mutual Fund Assets
  Proxy Voting Policy and Procedures

PURPOSE
The  purpose of these Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures is to memorialize the  procedures and policies adopted by Kalmar Investment Advisers (the “Adviser”)  to enable it to comply with its responsibilities and the requirements of Rule  206(4)-6 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (“Advisers  Act”).  According to the “Act” the  Adviser has a fiduciary duty to act in the best long-term interest of its  clients.  An Adviser is a fiduciary that  owes each of its clients the duty of care and loyalty with respect to all  service undertaken on the clients’ behalf including proxy voting.
POLICY
Kalmar Investment Advisers acts as discretionary investment  adviser for The Kalmar “Growth-with-Value” Small Cap Fund, an investment  company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.  The Adviser’s authority to vote proxies or  act on other shareholder actions is established under the delegation of  discretionary authority under its investment advisory contract.  Therefore, the Adviser will vote all proxies,  received in sufficient time, prior to their deadlines, as part of its  discretionary authority over Fund assets in accordance with these Proxy Voting  Policies and Procedures.
PROCEDURES
While the Chief Compliance Officer is ultimately responsible  for ensuring that all proxies are voted on behalf of the Fund, a Proxy Voting  Committee has been created whose job it is to oversee all decisions relating to  proxy voting, proxy voting guidelines, conflicts of interest, record keeping  and disclosure and to assure that proxies are voted accordingly.

The Proxy Voting Committee (the “Committee”) after  considering the proxy voting requirements pertaining to Kalmar Investment Advisers,  especially the SEC mandated reporting requirements, has elected to contract  with an independent third party, Glass Lewis & Co. (“Glass Lewis”), to vote  proxies according to a set of pre-determined proxy voting guidelines.  Importantly, however, Kalmar Investment  Advisers retains the on-going right to override Glass Lewis proxy votes that it  does not believe are in the best interest of the Fund’s Shareholders.  Internally, a member of the Advisers’  investment team serves as the Glass Lewis proxy voting watchdog, reviewing Glass  Lewis proxy research and recommendations, in particular those to vote contrary  to management’s recommendation.  Under  that circumstance the Glass Lewis research and recommendation is forwarded to Kalmar’s portfolio  manager or research analyst most familiar with the company in question.  After email communication with Kalmar’s investment team  on the voting issue in question, and once a voting decision has been reached,  then voting instructions are transmitted to Glass Lewis and the watchdog prints  and stores paperwork memorializing the decision and it is retained in the  Company’s files.
With regard to the relationship between securities lending  and proxy voting, Kalmar’s approach is driven by its determination of the best  interest of its clients (including any mutual fund clients and their  shareholders).  Kalmar evaluates several  factors in determining whether to recall loaned securities in order to vote  such proxies including, but not limited to, the subject matter of the proposal  being voted on, the likely impact on the voting results if Kalmar voted the  securities on loan, and the value of voting the loaned securities relative to  the securities lending income expected to be derived from such securities.  Based on its experience, Kalmar believes that  in most cases the value of recalling loaned securities to vote proxies will be  less than the securities lending income either because the outcome of the vote  will not be impacted by voting the loaned securities or the result of the vote  is not likely to have significant economic consequences.  Periodically, Kalmar analyzes the process and  benefits of voting proxies for securities on loan and will consider whether any  modification of its voting policies or procedures are necessary in light of any  regulatory changes and/or chaning securities lending economics.
The Adviser will fulfill its duty of care in monitoring  corporate actions and voting client proxies by regular and continual review, in  a deliberate and informed manner, of the Glass Lewis proxy voting guidelines  and override them as it deems necessary.
CONFLICTS
Conflicts of interest will be identified, monitored and  resolved by joint effort of the Chief Compliance Officer and the investment  team watchdog.  A review of potential  conflicts will include the completion of an annual conflict disclosure by the  Adviser’s key employees.  Regular  disclosure attested to by the investment team members and senior officers will  identify any conflict with companies owned on an annual basis.  These procedures combined with the  utilization of Glass Lewis proxy voting guidelines, diminish the likelihood of  material conflicts of interest.
RECORD KEEPING
The Adviser will maintain for the time periods set  forth:  (A) these proxy voting procedures  and policies and amendments thereto; (B) all proxy statements received  regarding securities held by the Fund; (C) a record of votes cast on behalf of  the Fund’s shareholders; (D) records of shareholder requests for proxy voting  information; (E) all documentation that was material to making a proxy voting  decision or that memorialized the basis for the decision.
DISCLOSURES
The “Fund” discloses in its Statement of Additional  Information (“SAI”) the policies and procedures that it uses in deciding how to  vote proxies.  The SAI discloses that the  Fund’s actual proxy voting record for the most recent 12-month period ending  June 30 is available.
The Fund is required to file annually Form N-PX which  contains the Fund’s complete proxy voting record.  This filing must be made by August 31 for the  12-month period ending June 30.
The Fund’s actual voting record is available to shareholders  upon request and by accessing the Fund’s website, www.kalmarinvestments.com.  In addition, the fund’s actual proxy voting  record will be available on the SEC’s website, www.sec.gov.  In response to a telephone request, the Fund  will honor the request within three business days via first class mail.
The Fund’s Semi Annual and Annual Shareholder Reports  disclose that a description of the Fund’s proxy voting procedures is available  in the same manner, as stated above.
 
 Back to top 
 

 
  Proxy voting history 
(When clicking this link, you are leaving the Kalmar Investments website and entering a third party website. This third party website is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Kalmar Investments.)
 


Copyright © 2000-2017 Kalmar Investments Inc.


 
 
Privacy  Policy
|
Proxy Voting
|
Firm Brochure ADV Part 2A


Important Information   |   Back to top 


 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft










Kalmar Investments Inc. : Top Money Managers  














Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.







Kalmar Investments Inc






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,711  0.39% American FundsAmerican Funds - CWMAXAmerican Funds - AWSHXAmerican Funds - CWMFX






World
US















Kalmar Investments Inc

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameKalmar Investments IncSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 1.54 B Contact Details LocationWilmington, DelawareAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.kalmarinvestments.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Kalmar-Investments-Inc and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Langer Wealth Management LLC Wilmington NC 0 Brandywine Benefits Corporation Wilmington DE 0 Topkis Financial Advisors LLC Wilmington DE 0 Jones Coggins & Co.; Inc. Wilmington NC 0 Bassett  Brosius & Dawson  Inc. Wilmington DE 0 Kalmar Investment Advisers Wilmington DE 0 Blackrock Capital Management  Inc. Wilmington DE 0 Coastal Investment Advisors Inc Wilmington NC 0 Mcdermott Advisory Group  LLC Wilmington DE 0 Carolina Estate Planners  LLC Wilmington NC 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets









































Kalmar Investments Inc                                                                                                   - Wilmington                                        , DE         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



DE



Wilmington



Investment Advice



Investment Advisory Service



                            Kalmar Investments Inc
                                    



 





















K 


Kalmar Investments Inc                                                                                                  
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



3701 KENNETT PIKE STE 100 WILMINGTON, DE 19807
Get Directions



(302) 658-7575
www.kalmarinvestments.com                                                                               





Business Info



 Founded 1981
 Incorporated DE
 Annual Revenue $8,134,081.00
 Employee Count 27
 Industries Investment Advisory Service
 Contacts Ford B Draper Jr                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1981, Kalmar Investments Inc                                                                                                   has been providing Investment Advisory Service from Wilmington. Kalmar Investments Inc                                                                                                   is incorporated in Delaware. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







K

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Kalmar Investments Inc. | Wealthminder











































Kalmar Investments Inc.


Kalmar Investments Inc.
(CRD# 105311) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Wilmington, DE.
They
manage $640,665,504 in 145 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 23 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Kalmar Investments Inc.




Barley Mill House, 3701 Kennett Pike,
Wilmington,
DE
19807
302-658-7575
http://kalmarinvestments.com




http://kalmarinvestments.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

641
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

145
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$4,418,383







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




AZ, CA, DE, FL, GA, IL, MA, MI, MN, MO, NE, NH, NM, NV, NY, OH, OR, PA, SD, TX, VA, WA, WI






Financial Advisors at Kalmar Investments Inc.




Showing 1 - 2 of 2 top financial advisors.





1















Ford B. Draper



CRD#:
2619539



Barley Mill House, 3701 Kennett Pike,
Wilmington,
DE
19807




93

Wealthminder
score








Ford Draper (CRD# 2619539) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Kalmar Investments Inc. in Wilmington, DE and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.






2















Dana F. Walker



CRD#:
2600290



Barley Mill House, 3701 Kennett Pike,
Wilmington,
DE
19807




93

Wealthminder
score








Dana Walker (CRD# 2600290) is an Investment Advisor Representative working at
Kalmar Investments Inc. in Wilmington, DE and has 
over 22 years
of experience in the finance industry.













Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now




















Kalmar Investments Inc.












































 















The Money Manager People TM














Money Manager Performance Research Center

















< Research another Money Manager

Performance, Research and Ranking for Kalmar Investments Inc., Updated 6/30/2017









































Money Manager Reports Include:

Performance Annually
Risk Reward Analysis
Money Manager Review
Money Manager Ranking









Here's how it works:

Fill in the form on this page.
We'll research our database.
Our Wealth Managers will prepare your requested reports and maybe a few additional ones.
Your Money Manager Reports will be delivered to you by email.











Request your FREE Reports










Or call one of our Wealth Managers for more detailed information 
(800) 541-7774Your information is secure. 















In the meantime, here's some basic information about Kalmar Investments Inc.

Company Information:Name:Kalmar Investments Inc.Address:3701 Kennett PikeWilmington, DE 19807Phone:(302)658-7575Website:www.kalmarinvestments.comCompany Products:Small Cap Growth-With-ValueSMid Cap “Growth-with-Value”


Kalmar Investments Inc. Commentary







< Research another Money Manager











Any money management or investment advisory firms listed on this website are not related entities of WrapManager, Inc. and are listed for convenience and informational purposes only. The listing of a money manager on this website does not imply a solicitation or recommendation of the money manager. WrapManager, Inc. is responsible only for the content of this website and it has no control over other websites that may be accessible from this website, the contents therein or the products/services offered by third parties. Hyperlinks to or from this website do not constitute third party endorsement of, sponsorship by or affiliation with WrapManager, Inc.
 







 



Important Disclosure | Privacy Policy  WrapManager, Inc., 703 Market Street, 18th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103 (800) 541-7774 toll-free  | (415) 541-9760 fax | Click to email us © 2017 WrapManager, Inc. All Rights Reserved. WrapManager is an SEC-registered investment adviser.  (1) qualified investors are those with $500K or more in investable assets








































Company modifies SiteOne shares - Lawn & Landscape









































































Subscribe
Current Issue
Recent Issues
Customer Service
Advertise















Company modifies SiteOne shares
Kalmar Investments Inc. DE owns approximately 1.18 percent of the landscape supply company.

            January 3, 2017


Subscribe




Supplier News





        Kalmar Investments Inc. DE purchased a new position in shares of SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc. during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund purchased 464,960 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,706,000. Kalmar Investments Inc. DE owned approximately 1.18 percent of SiteOne Landscape Supply at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. American International Group Inc. purchased a new stake in SiteOne Landscape Supply during the second quarter worth $228,000. DIAM Co. Ltd. purchased a new stake in SiteOne Landscape Supply during the second quarter worth $272,000. Lombard Odier Asset Management USA Corp purchased a new stake in SiteOne Landscape Supply during the second quarter worth $340,000. Rhumbline Advisers purchased a new stake in SiteOne Landscape Supply during the second quarter worth $341,000. Finally, 1st Global Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in SiteOne Landscape Supply during the third quarter worth $409,000. 76.57% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.For the full story on thecerbatgem.com, click here.
    












Lawn & Landscape Radio Network



An alternative to H-2B






Videos



Turnaround Tour: An attractive industry










Most Popular

Industry veteran on the mend
Industry veteran on the mend
Hourly rates that make sense
The liquid vs. dry debate
How Much Do You Make?







 

























