 

A Monumental Transformation in Networking is Coming - Kaloom













































Skip to content




        A Monumental Transformation in Networking is Coming
        





        Kaloom technology allows you to exploit the most significant change in networking in decades.
        Emerge with a significantly higher performance and lower cost network.





Hyperscale Data Center Based Services
Next Generation Virtualization
Virtual Network Functions







Get started with a personal tour of Kaloom.
Contact Us









About Us
We are a group of technology veterans with a proven track record of delivering large scale networking solutions for the world’s biggest networks. Coming from leading companies including Ericsson, Redback Networks, 3Com, Nortel and Apple, we are building a critically needed solution to address the biggest transformation in networking that we have seen in our lifetimes.
We see a “perfect storm” forming in the networking industry and recognize that no existing solutions from incumbent or emerging vendors are addressing the fundamental challenges ahead. Kaloom was formed specifically to address these challenges and is developing world class technology to allow our customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with the highest performance, lowest cost and greenest network possible.
Kaloom is based in Montreal and Silicon Valley


Careers
Do you have what it takes to help us lead the biggest networking transformation in history?  We are always looking for top talent to join the Kaloom team.
Submit your resume





Return to top
















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Kaloom Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 28, 2017 5:18 AM ET

Company Overview of Kaloom Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kaloom Inc. operates in the technology industry. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Montreal, Canada.


355 PeelSuite 403Montreal, QC H3C 2G9CanadaFounded in 2014



Phone: 408-828-0732

www.kaloom.com







Key Executives for Kaloom Inc.




Mr. Dan McCarthy


      	Chief Financial Officer
      








Mr. Laurent Marchand


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. Simon Williams


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. Pat McVeigh


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 #20 Seabright Holdings Ltd. Americas 'Osram Lighting Ltd Americas (c.C.A.) Commercial Credit Adjusters Ltd Americas (Ysw) Yacht Sales West Incorporated Americas /n Spro Inc. Americas




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 14, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kaloom Inc., please visit www.kaloom.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Kaloom Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























kaloom inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Hardware
Sub-Industry: Communications Equipment
Kaloom, Inc. provides networking solutions. The Company develops technology to allow our customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with better performance. Kaloom serves customers in Canada.




Corporate Information
Address:

355 Peel Street
Suite 403
Montreal, QC H3C 2G9
Canada


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.kaloom.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data










































Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution To Revolutionize The Data Center - Pg.2 - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution To Revolutionize The Data Center









PR Newswire




Mar 24, 2017 2:00 PM EDT













 


















































  Simon Williams, Co-Founder and CEO of Kaloom noted, "I have spent my entire career in the networking industry.  The seismic shift that is taking place in networking around hyper-scale, open networking and the rise of white box solutions is like nothing I have ever seen.  The Kaloom solution is designed explicitly with this new wave fully in mind and will allow our customers to benefit from this shift and deliver unsurpassed performance, scale and reliability in a way never before seen.  We are delighted to partner with our investors, including the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and Somel Investments as their vision and support enable us to begin our journey to transform the networking industry as we know it."  Most of Kaloom's R&D is in Montréal where Kaloom is situated near multiple renowned technical universities.  This gives Kaloom access to top technical talent as well as university based data centers, labs and other R&D projects relevant to what Kaloom is building. "By investing in Kaloom, we hope to establish an ecosystem in Québec supporting the explosive growth of companies developing smart technologies. It is our view that these technologies will bring with them a technological revolution, driven by the advancement of artificial intelligence, that is faster and more impactful than the industrial and social-media revolutions before its time," said Sophie Gupta, Managing Director of Somel Investments Inc.   Laurent Marchand, Co-Founder and CTO of Kaloom observed, "The Kaloom solution represents the epitome of where networking is heading.  I am very proud to be part of creating jobs in Québec while taking advantage of the strong technical talent that is available.  I am also thrilled to partner with our tier one investors and thank them for their support.  I look forward to an exciting future as we grow Kaloom to a world class company."  Kaloom is currently growing the team both in Montréal and Silicon Valley.  Kaloom plans to release more product information and provide product demonstrations in 2017.  



 








 































































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


McDonald's Has a Restaurant in Poland That Looks Like the Future of the Golden Arches


Amazon's Earnings Miss, but Nothing Can Stop AWS











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

































 



 Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the 
         










    










 













 











 



















Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data Center
        																																																		
              
















 News provided by
Kaloom Inc.  
Mar 24, 2017, 15:38 ET









 Share this article




























































Announces Its Series A Financing of US $10.7MM.
MONTRÉAL, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Kaloom Inc., a Montréal and Silicon Valley based software start up, building the next generation networking solution to revolutionize the data center, today announced that it has closed on a US $10.7 million committed Series A equity funding round, led by the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, with the participation of Somel Investments Inc., MBUZZ Investments Inc., Griffin Fund II, LP and other current investors and the company's officers.  The transaction closed in December, 2016.








Based in Montréal and Silicon Valley, Kaloom is building the Kaloom Flow Fabric™, a software networking solution that will revolutionize the data center.  In particular, the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ will allow all virtual network functions (VNF) to run at scale utilizing commodity hardware, merchant silicon and existing data center architecture.  The benefits of the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ include a major reduction in cost while at the same time providing a massive increase in performance including ultra-low latency and vast scalability.
"Kaloom is building a solution that is critical and well timed as the demands on data center operators and customers increase and the hyper-scale data center market evolves to serve telecom, financial services, government, healthcare and related markets.  The shift to open networking and white box appliances dictate that the old way of doing things in networking is rapidly coming to an end.  Kaloom is well positioned, through its experienced management team and highly technical engineering group, to capitalize on this trend.  We are also very excited that a company such as Kaloom will base its engineering, support and related functions in Montréal, thus taking advantage of the high quality, technical workforce available in the Province of Québec," said Alain Denis, Senior Vice-President, Innovation at Fonds de solidarité FTQ. 
The Kaloom Flow Fabric™ is synergistic with the latest industry technology trends including open networking and the use of Container based virtualization.  Designed with a heavy carrier grade focus, the Kaloom solution provides a completely lossless environment to ensure consistent connectivity and high availability.
Simon Williams, Co-Founder and CEO of Kaloom noted, "I have spent my entire career in the networking industry.  The seismic shift that is taking place in networking around hyper-scale, open networking and the rise of white box solutions is like nothing I have ever seen.  The Kaloom solution is designed explicitly with this new wave fully in mind and will allow our customers to benefit from this shift and deliver unsurpassed performance, scale and reliability in a way never before seen.  We are delighted to partner with our investors, including the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and Somel Investments as their vision and support enable us to begin our journey to transform the networking industry as we know it."
Most of Kaloom's R&D is in Montréal where Kaloom is situated near multiple renowned technical universities.  This gives Kaloom access to top technical talent as well as university based data centers, labs and other R&D projects relevant to what Kaloom is building.
"By investing in Kaloom, we hope to establish an ecosystem in Québec supporting the explosive growth of companies developing smart technologies. It is our view that these technologies will bring with them a technological revolution, driven by the advancement of artificial intelligence, that is faster and more impactful than the industrial and social-media revolutions before its time," said Sophie Gupta, Managing Director of Somel Investments Inc.  
Laurent Marchand, Co-Founder and CTO of Kaloom observed, "The Kaloom solution represents the epitome of where networking is heading.  I am very proud to be part of creating jobs in Québec while taking advantage of the strong technical talent that is available.  I am also thrilled to partner with our tier one investors and thank them for their support.  I look forward to an exciting future as we grow Kaloom to a world class company."  
Kaloom is currently growing the team both in Montréal and Silicon Valley.  Kaloom plans to release more product information and provide product demonstrations in 2017.
About the Fonds de solidarité FTQ
The Fonds de solidarité FTQ is a development capital fund that channels the savings of Québecers into investments. As at November 30, 2016, the organization had $12.2 billion in net assets, and through its current portfolio of investments has helped create and protect over 187,000 jobs. The Fonds is a partner in more than 2,600 companies and has nearly 618,000 shareholder-savers. fondsftq.com
About Somel Investments Inc.
Somel Investments Inc. is a small private equity company that was founded in 2015 following the sale of a family-owned global telecom business, SDP Telecom Inc. Based in Montréal, Somel's investment thesis exclusively targets high-tech emergent-growth companies, with a specific focus on IoT (internet of things) and the industries that leverage such applications. Somel employs the technical and operational expertise and knowhow of its founding partners to support the companies in its investment portfolio and help them achieve their growth objectives.
About Kaloom Inc.
Kaloom is a group of technology veterans with a proven track record of delivering large scale networking solutions for the world's biggest networks. Coming from leading companies including Ericsson, Redback Networks, 3Com, Nortel and Apple, Kaloom is building a critically needed solution to address the biggest transformation in networking that those at Kaloom have seen in their lifetimes.  The Kaloom team sees a "perfect storm" forming in the networking industry and recognize that no existing solutions from incumbent or emerging vendors are addressing the fundamental challenges ahead. Kaloom was formed specifically to address these challenges and is developing world class technology to allow its customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with the highest performance, lowest cost and greenest network possible.  Kaloom is based in Montréal and Silicon Valley. kaloom.com  
SOURCE Kaloom Inc.



 













Mar 24, 2017, 14:00 ET
Preview: Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data Center






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Mar 24, 2017, 14:00 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Internet Technology
  Computer Software
Financing Agreements








 You just read:
Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data Center


 News provided by
Kaloom Inc.  
Mar 24, 2017, 15:38 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 









Kaloom nets $14.3 mln in Series A led by Fonds de solidarité FTQ - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Kaloom nets $14.3 mln in Series A led by Fonds de solidarité FTQ


March 27, 2017
By Kirk Falconer



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Kaloom nets $14.3 mln in Series A led by Fonds de solidarité FTQ
Montréal software startup Kaloom Inc has raised about $10.7 million in Series A financing. The round, closed in December, was led by Canadian private equity and venture capital firm Fonds de solidarité FTQ and joined by Somel Investments, MBUZZ Investments, Griffin Capital and other investors. Launched in 2014, Kaloom is building a software networking solution aimed at helping data center deliver services and applications with higher performance and lower cost. The company, led by Co-founder and CEO Simon Williams, is currently growing its team in Montréal, where most R&D is undertaken, and in Silicon Valley.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Montréal software startup Kaloom Inc has raised about $10.7 million in Series A financing. The round, closed in December, was led by Canadian private equity and venture capital firm Fonds de solidarité FTQ and joined by Somel Investments, MBUZZ Investments, Griffin Capital and other investors. Launched in 2014, Kaloom is building a software networking solution aimed at helping data center deliver services and applications with higher performance and lower cost. The company, led by Co-founder and CEO Simon Williams, is currently growing its team in Montréal, where most R&D is undertaken, and in Silicon Valley.
PRESS RELEASE
MONTRÉAL, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ – Kaloom Inc., a Montréal and Silicon Valley based software start up, building the next generation networking solution to revolutionize the data center, today announced that it has closed on a US $10.7 million committed Series A equity funding round, led by the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, with the participation of Somel Investments Inc., MBUZZ Investments Inc., Griffin Fund II, LP and other current investors and the company’s officers. The transaction closed in December, 2016.
Based in Montréal and Silicon Valley, Kaloom is building the Kaloom Flow Fabric™, a software networking solution that will revolutionize the data center. In particular, the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ will allow all virtual network functions (VNF) to run at scale utilizing commodity hardware, merchant silicon and existing data center architecture. The benefits of the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ include a major reduction in cost while at the same time providing a massive increase in performance including ultra-low latency and vast scalability. 





“Kaloom is building a solution that is critical and well timed as the demands on data center operators and customers increase and the hyper-scale data center market evolves to serve telecom, financial services, government, healthcare and related markets. The shift to open networking and white box appliances dictate that the old way of doing things in networking is rapidly coming to an end. Kaloom is well positioned, through its experienced management team and highly technical engineering group, to capitalize on this trend. We are also very excited that a company such as Kaloom will base its engineering, support and related functions in Montréal, thus taking advantage of the high quality, technical workforce available in the Province of Québec,” said Alain Denis, Senior Vice-President, Innovation at Fonds de solidarité FTQ.
The Kaloom Flow Fabric™ is synergistic with the latest industry technology trends including open networking and the use of Container based virtualization. Designed with a heavy carrier grade focus, the Kaloom solution provides a completely lossless environment to ensure consistent connectivity and high availability.
Simon Williams, Co-Founder and CEO of Kaloom noted, “I have spent my entire career in the networking industry. The seismic shift that is taking place in networking around hyper-scale, open networking and the rise of white box solutions is like nothing I have ever seen. The Kaloom solution is designed explicitly with this new wave fully in mind and will allow our customers to benefit from this shift and deliver unsurpassed performance, scale and reliability in a way never before seen. We are delighted to partner with our investors, including the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and Somel Investments as their vision and support enable us to begin our journey to transform the networking industry as we know it.” 





Most of Kaloom’s R&D is in Montréal where Kaloom is situated near multiple renowned technical universities. This gives Kaloom access to top technical talent as well as university based data centers, labs and other R&D projects relevant to what Kaloom is building.
“By investing in Kaloom, we hope to establish an ecosystem in Québec supporting the explosive growth of companies developing smart technologies. It is our view that these technologies will bring with them a technological revolution, driven by the advancement of artificial intelligence, that is faster and more impactful than the industrial and social-media revolutions before its time,” said Sophie Gupta, Managing Director of Somel Investments Inc.
Laurent Marchand, Co-Founder and CTO of Kaloom observed, “The Kaloom solution represents the epitome of where networking is heading. I am very proud to be part of creating jobs in Québec while taking advantage of the strong technical talent that is available. I am also thrilled to partner with our tier one investors and thank them for their support. I look forward to an exciting future as we grow Kaloom to a world class company.”
Kaloom is currently growing the team both in Montréal and Silicon Valley. Kaloom plans to release more product information and provide product demonstrations in 2017.
About the Fonds de solidarité FTQ
The Fonds de solidarité FTQ is a development capital fund that channels the savings of Québecers into investments. As at November 30, 2016, the organization had $12.2 billion in net assets, and through its current portfolio of investments has helped create and protect over 187,000 jobs. The Fonds is a partner in more than 2,600 companies and has nearly 618,000 shareholder-savers. fondsftq.com 





About Somel Investments Inc.
Somel Investments Inc. is a small private equity company that was founded in 2015 following the sale of a family-owned global telecom business, SDP Telecom Inc. Based in Montréal, Somel’s investment thesis exclusively targets high-tech emergent-growth companies, with a specific focus on IoT (internet of things) and the industries that leverage such applications. Somel employs the technical and operational expertise and knowhow of its founding partners to support the companies in its investment portfolio and help them achieve their growth objectives.
About Kaloom Inc.
Kaloom is a group of technology veterans with a proven track record of delivering large scale networking solutions for the world’s biggest networks. Coming from leading companies including Ericsson, Redback Networks, 3Com, Nortel and Apple, Kaloom is building a critically needed solution to address the biggest transformation in networking that those at Kaloom have seen in their lifetimes. The Kaloom team sees a “perfect storm” forming in the networking industry and recognize that no existing solutions from incumbent or emerging vendors are addressing the fundamental challenges ahead. Kaloom was formed specifically to address these challenges and is developing world class technology to allow its customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with the highest performance, lowest cost and greenest network possible. Kaloom is based in Montréal and Silicon Valley. kaloom.com 






Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Kaloom nets $14.3 mln in Series A led by Fonds de solidarité FTQ
Montréal software startup Kaloom Inc has raised about $10.7 million in Series A financing. The round, closed in December, was led by Canadian private equity and venture capital firm Fonds de solidarité FTQ and joined by Somel Investments, MBUZZ Investments, Griffin Capital and other investors. Launched in 2014, Kaloom is building a software networking solution aimed at helping data center deliver services and applications with higher performance and lower cost. The company, led by Co-founder and CEO Simon Williams, is currently growing its team in Montréal, where most R&D is undertaken, and in Silicon Valley.

Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Platinum Equity to buy United Site Services
by Luisa Beltran

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Priceline, KPMG, NovaQuest are hiring
by Eamon Murphy

The carve-out curveball
by peHUBlogger Network

 





























Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data CenterHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 12 minsS&P Futures2,464.00-8.00 (-0.32%)Dow Futures21,707.00-36.00 (-0.17%)Nasdaq Futures5,856.00-53.50 (-0.91%)Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data CenterPR NewswireMarch 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareAnnounces Its Series A Financing of US $10.7MM.MONTRÉAL, March 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - Kaloom Inc., a Montréal and Silicon Valley based software start up, building the next generation networking solution to revolutionize the data center, today announced that it has closed on a US $10.7 million committed Series A equity funding round, led by the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, with the participation of Somel Investments Inc., MBUZZ Investments Inc., Griffin Fund II, LP and other current investors and the company's officers.  The transaction closed in December, 2016.Based in Montréal and Silicon Valley, Kaloom is building the Kaloom Flow Fabric™, a software networking solution that will revolutionize the data center.  In particular, the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ will allow all virtual network functions (VNF) to run at scale utilizing commodity hardware, merchant silicon and existing data center architecture.  The benefits of the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ include a major reduction in cost while at the same time providing a massive increase in performance including ultra-low latency and vast scalability."Kaloom is building a solution that is critical and well timed as the demands on data center operators and customers increase and the hyper-scale data center market evolves to serve telecom, financial services, government, healthcare and related markets.  The shift to open networking and white box appliances dictate that the old way of doing things in networking is rapidly coming to an end.  Kaloom is well positioned, through its experienced management team and highly technical engineering group, to capitalize on this trend.  We are also very excited that a company such as Kaloom will base its engineering, support and related functions in Montréal, thus taking advantage of the high quality, technical workforce available in the Province of Québec," said Alain Denis, Senior Vice-President, Innovation at Fonds de solidarité FTQ.The Kaloom Flow Fabric™ is synergistic with the latest industry technology trends including open networking and the use of Container based virtualization.  Designed with a heavy carrier grade focus, the Kaloom solution provides a completely lossless environment to ensure consistent connectivity and high availability.Simon Williams, Co-Founder and CEO of Kaloom noted, "I have spent my entire career in the networking industry.  The seismic shift that is taking place in networking around hyper-scale, open networking and the rise of white box solutions is like nothing I have ever seen.  The Kaloom solution is designed explicitly with this new wave fully in mind and will allow our customers to benefit from this shift and deliver unsurpassed performance, scale and reliability in a way never before seen.  We are delighted to partner with our investors, including the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and Somel Investments as their vision and support enable us to begin our journey to transform the networking industry as we know it."Most of Kaloom's R&D is in Montréal where Kaloom is situated near multiple renowned technical universities.  This gives Kaloom access to top technical talent as well as university based data centers, labs and other R&D projects relevant to what Kaloom is building."By investing in Kaloom, we hope to establish an ecosystem in Québec supporting the explosive growth of companies developing smart technologies. It is our view that these technologies will bring with them a technological revolution, driven by the advancement of artificial intelligence, that is faster and more impactful than the industrial and social-media revolutions before its time," said Sophie Gupta, Managing Director of Somel Investments Inc. Laurent Marchand, Co-Founder and CTO of Kaloom observed, "The Kaloom solution represents the epitome of where networking is heading.  I am very proud to be part of creating jobs in Québec while taking advantage of the strong technical talent that is available.  I am also thrilled to partner with our tier one investors and thank them for their support.  I look forward to an exciting future as we grow Kaloom to a world class company." Kaloom is currently growing the team both in Montréal and Silicon Valley.  Kaloom plans to release more product information and provide product demonstrations in 2017.Read MoreAbout the Fonds de solidarité FTQThe Fonds de solidarité FTQ is a development capital fund that channels the savings of Québecers into investments. As at November 30, 2016, the organization had $12.2 billion in net assets, and through its current portfolio of investments has helped create and protect over 187,000 jobs. The Fonds is a partner in more than 2,600 companies and has nearly 618,000 shareholder-savers. fondsftq.comAbout Somel Investments Inc.Somel Investments Inc. is a small private equity company that was founded in 2015 following the sale of a family-owned global telecom business, SDP Telecom Inc. Based in Montréal, Somel's investment thesis exclusively targets high-tech emergent-growth companies, with a specific focus on IoT (internet of things) and the industries that leverage such applications. Somel employs the technical and operational expertise and knowhow of its founding partners to support the companies in its investment portfolio and help them achieve their growth objectives.About Kaloom Inc.Kaloom is a group of technology veterans with a proven track record of delivering large scale networking solutions for the world's biggest networks. Coming from leading companies including Ericsson, Redback Networks, 3Com, Nortel and Apple, Kaloom is building a critically needed solution to address the biggest transformation in networking that those at Kaloom have seen in their lifetimes.  The Kaloom team sees a "perfect storm" forming in the networking industry and recognize that no existing solutions from incumbent or emerging vendors are addressing the fundamental challenges ahead. Kaloom was formed specifically to address these challenges and is developing world class technology to allow its customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with the highest performance, lowest cost and greenest network possible.  Kaloom is based in Montréal and Silicon Valley. kaloom.com ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAndrei Markov says Montreal rejected one-year deal, heads to KHLPuck DaddyThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredGoogle is quietly buying properties worth $820 million in Silicon Valley as it looks to keep growingCNBCIntel (Nasdaq: INTC) beats expectations, raises full-year guidancePortland Business Journal2 reasons why Silicon Valley is no longer the place to start a career in tech, according to dataCNBC.comZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredFacebook profit jumps as user ranks growAFPTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceSessions says hurt by Trump outbursts, but not quittingJames: I love my country, but for the first time in my life I can honestly say I am ashamed of it.  This administration is an absolute joke and an insult to logic, decency, and our intelligence.  They have stopped even pretending to care they were ever for the people at this point.Join the Conversation1 / 5367








Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data CenterHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 12 minsS&P Futures2,464.00-8.00 (-0.32%)Dow Futures21,707.00-36.00 (-0.17%)Nasdaq Futures5,856.00-53.50 (-0.91%)Software Start-Up Kaloom Inc. Building The Next Generation Networking Solution to Revolutionize the Data CenterCNW GroupMarch 24, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareAnnounces Its Series A Financing of US $10 .7MM.MONTRÉAL, March 24, 2017 /CNW/ - Kaloom Inc., a Montréal and Silicon Valley based software start up, building the next generation networking solution to revolutionize the data center, today announced that it has closed on a US $10.7 million committed Series A equity funding round, led by the Fonds de solidarité FTQ, with the participation of Somel Investments Inc., MBUZZ Investments Inc., Griffin Fund II, LP and other current investors and the company's officers.  The transaction closed in December, 2016.View photosBased in Montréal and Silicon Valley, Kaloom is building the Kaloom Flow Fabric™, a software networking solution that will revolutionize the data center.  In particular, the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ will allow all virtual network functions (VNF) to run at scale utilizing commodity hardware, merchant silicon and existing data center architecture.  The benefits of the Kaloom Flow Fabric™ include a major reduction in cost while at the same time providing a massive increase in performance including ultra-low latency and vast scalability."Kaloom is building a solution that is critical and well timed as the demands on data center operators and customers increase and the hyper-scale data center market evolves to serve telecom, financial services, government, healthcare and related markets.  The shift to open networking and white box appliances dictate that the old way of doing things in networking is rapidly coming to an end.  Kaloom is well positioned, through its experienced management team and highly technical engineering group, to capitalize on this trend.  We are also very excited that a company such as Kaloom will base its engineering, support and related functions in Montréal, thus taking advantage of the high quality, technical workforce available in the Province of Québec," said Alain Denis , Senior Vice-President, Innovation at Fonds de solidarité FTQ.The Kaloom Flow Fabric™ is synergistic with the latest industry technology trends including open networking and the use of Container based virtualization.  Designed with a heavy carrier grade focus, the Kaloom solution provides a completely lossless environment to ensure consistent connectivity and high availability.Simon Williams , Co-Founder and CEO of Kaloom noted, "I have spent my entire career in the networking industry.  The seismic shift that is taking place in networking around hyper-scale, open networking and the rise of white box solutions is like nothing I have ever seen.  The Kaloom solution is designed explicitly with this new wave fully in mind and will allow our customers to benefit from this shift and deliver unsurpassed performance, scale and reliability in a way never before seen.  We are delighted to partner with our investors, including the Fonds de solidarité FTQ and Somel Investments as their vision and support enable us to begin our journey to transform the networking industry as we know it."Most of Kaloom's R&D is in Montréal where Kaloom is situated near multiple renowned technical universities.  This gives Kaloom access to top technical talent as well as university based data centers, labs and other R&D projects relevant to what Kaloom is building.Read More"By investing in Kaloom, we hope to establish an ecosystem in Québec supporting the explosive growth of companies developing smart technologies. It is our view that these technologies will bring with them a technological revolution, driven by the advancement of artificial intelligence, that is faster and more impactful than the industrial and social-media revolutions before its time," said Sophie Gupta , Managing Director of Somel Investments Inc. Laurent Marchand , Co-Founder and CTO of Kaloom observed, "The Kaloom solution represents the epitome of where networking is heading.  I am very proud to be part of creating jobs in Québec while taking advantage of the strong technical talent that is available.  I am also thrilled to partner with our tier one investors and thank them for their support.  I look forward to an exciting future as we grow Kaloom to a world class company." Kaloom is currently growing the team both in Montréal and Silicon Valley.  Kaloom plans to release more product information and provide product demonstrations in 2017.About the Fonds de solidarité FTQThe Fonds de solidarité FTQ is a development capital fund that channels the savings of Québecers into investments. As at November 30, 2016 , the organization had $12.2 billion in net assets, and through its current portfolio of investments has helped create and protect over 187,000 jobs. The Fonds is a partner in more than 2,600 companies and has nearly 618,000 shareholder-savers. fondsftq.comAbout Somel Investments Inc.Somel Investments Inc. is a small private equity company that was founded in 2015 following the sale of a family-owned global telecom business, SDP Telecom Inc. Based in Montréal, Somel's investment thesis exclusively targets high-tech emergent-growth companies, with a specific focus on IoT (internet of things) and the industries that leverage such applications. Somel employs the technical and operational expertise and knowhow of its founding partners to support the companies in its investment portfolio and help them achieve their growth objectives.About Kaloom Inc.Kaloom is a group of technology veterans with a proven track record of delivering large scale networking solutions for the world's biggest networks. Coming from leading companies including Ericsson, Redback Networks, 3Com, Nortel and Apple, Kaloom is building a critically needed solution to address the biggest transformation in networking that those at Kaloom have seen in their lifetimes.  The Kaloom team sees a "perfect storm" forming in the networking industry and recognize that no existing solutions from incumbent or emerging vendors are addressing the fundamental challenges ahead. Kaloom was formed specifically to address these challenges and is developing world class technology to allow its customers to fully embrace and leverage these new opportunities in networking and emerge with the highest performance, lowest cost and greenest network possible.  Kaloom is based in Montréal and Silicon Valley. kaloom.com SOURCE Kaloom Inc.View photosTo view the original version on PR Newswire, visit: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/March2017/24/c7312.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAndrei Markov says Montreal rejected one-year deal, heads to KHLPuck DaddyThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredGoogle is quietly buying properties worth $820 million in Silicon Valley as it looks to keep growingCNBCIntel (Nasdaq: INTC) beats expectations, raises full-year guidancePortland Business Journal2 reasons why Silicon Valley is no longer the place to start a career in tech, according to dataCNBC.comZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredFacebook profit jumps as user ranks growAFPTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinancePeople in Heavy Debt May Be in For a Big SurpriseFreedom Debt ReliefSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceSessions says hurt by Trump outbursts, but not quittingJames: I love my country, but for the first time in my life I can honestly say I am ashamed of it.  This administration is an absolute joke and an insult to logic, decency, and our intelligence.  They have stopped even pretending to care they were ever for the people at this point.Join the Conversation1 / 5367








