


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Kalyx Properties  Personnel



















































 
Potter Polk, President

                                Potter Polk is the President of Kalyx Properties Inc. He brings to Kalyx more than 25 years of business management experience in wireless communications, international tourism, and technology. Since 2009, Potter has been actively engaged in the legal marijuana industry evaluating a broad range of cannabis opportunities including cultivation, infused product manufacturing, enterprise management software development and real estate. He has built a network of top industry professionals as well as... Read More






 
George M. Stone, Chief Executive Officer

                                George M. Stone is the Chief Executive Officer of Kalyx Properties Inc. He brings to Kalyx more than 30 years of real estate industry experience. Most recently, George was a founding and managing principal of SKL Partners, a real estate and restaurant management company that owns and/or operates retail, restaurant, office and hotel properties. Prior to SKL Partners, Mr. Stone owned and operated Julia B. Fee Real Estate, a residential brokerage firm in Westchester County, NY where he tripled the... Read More






 
Dawn M. Sandoval, Chief Operating Officer

                                Dawn M. Sandoval is the Chief Operating Officer of Kalyx Properties Inc. She brings to Kalyx more than 25 years of sales, trading and management experience in global financial markets. For 5 years through August 2014, Ms. Sandoval served as a Managing Director in Fixed Income at BNP Paribas following nearly 14 years at Merrill Lynch, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs. Over this period, Ms. Sandoval led both sales and trading teams in global business development, capital deployment, and... Read More






 
Ronit Dvir Bacalu, Chief Financial Officer

                                Ronit Dvir Bacalu is the Chief Financial Officer of Kalyx Properties Inc. She brings over 15 years of experience in growth companies across the technology, information, communication, entertainment, financial services and real estate industries.... Read More






 
Ari J. Schwartz, Esq., Director of Acquisitions

                                Ari J. Schwartz, Esq. is the Director of Acquisitions for Kalyx Properties Inc., drawing upon his experience and background in commercial real estate brokerage, investment sales and related distressed debt investments. • Mr. Schwartz is a licensed attorney in New York and New Jersey, having practiced law for several years in the areas of bankruptcy, creditors’ rights, commercial real estate and related litigation before state and federal district courts. • Ari holds a J.D. from Brooklyn... Read More






 
David Charnick, Relationship Manager and Subject Matter Expert

                                More than 20 years of experience in the medical and recreational cannabis industries with particular expertise in cultivation, processing, business planning and development, operations, and extraction technology • Business consultant to the cannabis industry throughout the United States since 2009 and currently growing this practice as the Co-Founder and Managing Director of Mingleridge Business Resources LLC • Colorado centric yet nationally growing network of seasoned and emerging... Read More






Lily Colley, Vice President Public Relations

                                Vice President Public Relations for Kalyx Properties Inc. • Current Director of Marketing at incredibles (Medically Correct) and former National Marketing Team Member, Dixie Brands, Inc. • With more than five years of entrepreneurial, media, lobbying and political experience most recently with an emphasis on the legal nuances, business trends and marketing developments in the legal US cannabis industry •  Lily helped to conceptualized, developed and lobbied for the Performing Arts... Read More






Marianne Bays, Cannabis Industry Analyst

                                More than 20 years of experience consulting with major organizations on process, performance and structure improvement, as well as human resources and information systems management and measurement • Business consultant to the medical cannabis industry throughout the United States since 2008 and currently growing this practice as the Co-Founder and Managing Director of Mingleridge Business Resources LLC • Participated in the medical marijuana regulatory review process to provide New... Read More


































 



 Kalyx Development, a Private Real Estate Investment Trust Focused on the Cannabis Industry, 
         










    










 













 











 



















Kalyx Development, a Private Real Estate Investment Trust Focused on the Cannabis Industry, Surpasses 600,000 square feet Under Management with the Acquisition of Properties in Washington State and Arizona
        																																												
              

          Today's Announcement Follows the Acquisition of Two Industrial Facilities, Including the Single Largest Cannabis Cultivation Site in Washington State, Housing 14 Licensed Cannabis Companies
        
















 News provided by
Kalyx Development  
Nov 14, 2016, 17:42 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Kalyx Development, Inc. ("Kalyx"), a private real estate investment trust and pioneer in providing specialized real estate to the cannabis industry, announces the acquisition of two facilities in Washington State and Arizona.  At a combined 348,000 square feet, these two acquisitions advance the company's holdings to over 600,000 square feet of cultivation and processing space, across seven buildings in four states.








The Washington State acquisition gives Kalyx control of the single largest multi-tenant facility in the state and is leased to 14 licensed and operating i502 tenants.  The Arizona property, located in the greater Phoenix area, is leased to an established cultivator and dispensary operator, licensed under the Arizona State Medical Marijuana program.
"We are excited to continue to expand our portfolio of cannabis leased facilities with the acquisition of these two great assets.  The quality of the operators in place reflect the continued evolution of the industry and they join the strong tenant list of our existing facilities in Colorado, Washington and Oregon," said Co-Founder and President, Potter Polk.  
"These two deals follow Kalyx's charter of delivering value to the cannabis industry through transactions that are structured to allow entrepreneurial operators to make the most efficient use of their capital and grow their revenue base," said George M. Stone, CEO of Kalyx Development. 
Mr. Stone added, "Having spent decades in the real estate business where leverage was a common driver of returns, it's precisely the absence of traditional financing sources that has created the opportunity for Kalyx to provide value to the industry."  "By creating a new vertical within the industrial sector and the cannabis market, Kalyx represents a unique opportunity for investors to benefit from risk appropriate exposure to the complex and rapidly evolving cannabis industry. The unparalleled combination of real estate and cannabis expertise, has enabled Kalyx to build a national footprint, thereby sagaciously growing shareholder value.  The winning combination, as we see it, is employing a value-oriented approach to real estate acquisitions such that we amass a portfolio of properties with a reasonably low cost basis and high residual value, while carefully vetting and leasing to operators who are truly best-in-class," concluded Mr. Stone.
ABOUT KALYX DEVELOPMENT  Founded in April 2014 by lifetime entrepreneur, Potter Polk, and real estate expert, George Stone, Kalyx Development Inc. ("Kalyx"), is among the largest and most well capitalized real estate providers to the cannabis industry. 
Kalyx, structured as a real estate investment trust (a "REIT"), was formed to acquire and lease properties to best-in-class operators in states having strong regulation governing the medical and/or recreational cannabis industry. 
The Company's cash-flow is backed by a multi-state portfolio of quality industrial facilities, exclusively leased on a triple-net basis to seasoned and licensed marijuana operators.  
As a landlord well versed in the regulatory, zoning, and operational challenges unique to the cannabis industry, Kalyx has the acumen to further bolster tenant success by providing qualified operators with tenant improvement capital.
CONTACT: Lily C. ColleyDirector of Marketing(516) 672 9849 Lcolley@kalyxdevelopment.com 
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161114/439115LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kalyx-development-a-private-real-estate-investment-trust-focused-on-the-cannabis-industry-surpasses-600000-square-feet-under-management-with-the-acquisition-of-properties-in-washington-state-and-arizona-300362535.html
SOURCE Kalyx Development



 






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 You just read:
Kalyx Development, a Private Real Estate Investment Trust Focused on the Cannabis Industry, Surpasses 600,000 square feet Under Management with the Acquisition of Properties in Washington State and Arizona


 News provided by
Kalyx Development  
Nov 14, 2016, 17:42 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 






Kalyx Properties  The Leader in Cannabis Real Estate


















































Kalyx is a fully-integrated real estate development company and one of the leading multi-state providers of commercial and industrial space to the rapidly growing, highly regulated cannabis industry. Repositioning existing underutilized real estate assets to meet the specialized needs of cannabis operators, Kalyx is at the forefront of a new vertical in commercial real estate.
Read more about Kalyx Properties Inc. >>

























Kalyx Development – New Cannabis Ventures




























































 






































 









 



Tag: Kalyx Development















Cannabis REIT Kalyx Development to Go Public through Merger with NASDAQ-Listed Blank Check Company


Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. and Cannabis Property REIT Kalyx Development Inc. Announce Business Combination and Proposed Private Placement NEW YORK, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Atlantic Alliance Partnership …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					May 8, 2017 at 8:33 am




 









Cannabis Real Estate Draws Investors as Prices Surge


The hot topic at the Institutional Cannabis & Capital Conference in San Jose this week was real estate. While institutional investors are unlikely to invest directly in cannabis production or …
 
Cannabis Investor News, Cannabis Products & Services News, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					April 1, 2017 at 9:39 am




 









Cannabis REIT IPO Flops, but Here is How it Can Succeed


Innovative Industrial Properties (NYSE: IIPR) priced its IPO this week, a deal that marks a significant milestone for the cannabis industry but that was a major disappointment for the company …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News, Exclusive Cannabis News, Publicly Traded Cannabis Stock News

					 - 
					December 3, 2016 at 2:13 pm




 









Cannabis REIT Kalyx Development Expands into Washington and Arizona


Kalyx Development, a Private Real Estate Investment Trust Focused on the Cannabis Industry, Surpasses 600,000 square feet Under Management with the Acquisition of Properties in Washington State and Arizona Today’s …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					November 26, 2016 at 6:33 pm




 









Key Considerations for Cannabis Cultivators Looking to Lease


Kalyx Development, a NYC-based real estate company that has developed and leased properties to cannabis growers in several states, including to Dixie Brands and Medicine Man in Denver, shared some …
 
Cannabis Products & Services News

					 - 
					February 6, 2016 at 4:40 pm




 


Trending


					Follow Up: Terra Tech Improves Share Structure
				



					High Times Headed to the NASDAQ
				



					DOJA Cannabis Company to Debut on CSE
				



					California to Withdraw Medical Cannabis Regulation and Safety Act Proposed Rules
				



					DOJA Cannabis Company Prepares to Go Public as Lifestyle Brand
				

Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Links
Canada’s premier cannabis lifestyle brand and licensed producer
The “Keurig of Cannabis”
Vertically Integrated, Multi-state Cannabis Operations
Providing Cannabis Companies with Capital and Operational Expertise
Cannabis Consumer Marketplace & Healthcare Platform
A Leading Vertically Integrated Global Cannabis Company
High Quality Lighting Designed for Commercial-grade Horticulture
Large-Scale Wholesale Cannabis Supplier with International Medical Brand
Quality Organic Standardized Medicinal Cannabis
Cannabis Industry Compliant Packaging Solutions
Canadian Medical Marijuana Producer
A World Leading Diversified Cannabis Company
Canadian Cannabinoid Production and Marijuana Education
California Medical Cannabis Production & Extraction Company
Hydroponic & Organic Retail Stores
Pharma Grade Organic Cannabis Product
Turnkey Cannabis Cultivation and Processing

 










© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 













 





















Cannabis REIT Kalyx Development to Go Public through Merger with NASDAQ-Listed Blank Check Company – New Cannabis Ventures











































































 




















Cannabis REIT Kalyx Development to Go... 

















 









 









 
Cannabis REIT Kalyx Development to Go Public through Merger with NASDAQ-Listed Blank Check Company 


May 8, 2017 at 8:33 am Published by NCV Newswire  														

0
0
0
92
0







Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. and Cannabis Property REIT Kalyx Development Inc. Announce Business Combination and Proposed Private Placement
NEW YORK, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. (“AAPC”) (NASDAQ: AAPC) and Kalyx Development Inc., a private real estate investment trust focused on owning and operating commercial real estate facilities leased to cultivators, processors and/or distributors in the regulated U.S. cannabis industry (“Kalyx”), today announced that they have entered into a merger agreement under which, subject to certain closing conditions, Kalyx will merge with and into AAPC (the “Merger”).
With the terms of the Merger, AAPC attributed the current, pre-transaction value of Kalyx at approximately $60 million and a post-transaction market capitalization of approximately $75 million (subject to certain assumptions and variables). The surviving public company, which is expected to be organized as a Maryland corporation, will be re-named Kalyx Properties Inc. (“KPI”).
Kalyx is a fully-integrated commercial real estate company which acquires and owns properties leased to, or currently occupied by, state-licensed operators of regulated cannabis businesses in states in which such activities are legal under state law. Based in New York and operating as a private real estate investment trust, Kalyx owns and operates nine commercial properties comprising an aggregate of 653,000 square feet located in Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Washington State and is one of the leading multistate providers of commercial real estate to state-licensed operators in the regulated cannabis industry. Kalyx’s management team combines commercial real estate experience, cannabis industry expertise and a knowledge and understanding of the relevant state and local regulatory requirements that it leverages to source and acquire new commercial properties consistent with its strategy.
We are excited about merging into AAPC and believe the transaction will provide Kalyx with an efficient path to a public listing on a U.S. stock exchange. Once this transaction is complete, we will have a stream-lined capital structure which will allow for regular access to public capital, thus enabling better-paced growth as well as the ability over time to attract institutional investors to strengthen and diversify KPI’s shareholder base.
George M. Stone, Kalyx’s Chief Executive Officer
Iain H. Abrahams, Chief Executive Officer of AAPC, stated “Since meeting George Stone and the other members of the Kalyx management team, our team has been impressed with their grasp of the dynamics of the regulated U.S. cannabis industry and the needs of cannabis operator tenants. We believe that giving the Kalyx team the ability to access public capital is the right way to build out the business and help Kalyx achieve its full potential.”
In connection with and as a condition to the closing of the Merger, AAPC expects to offer its common stock to accredited investors in a private placement (the “PIPE”). As a further condition to the closing of the Merger, the proceeds of the PIPE, when combined with cash currently in AAPC’s trust account (subject to potential AAPC shareholder redemptions), will be required to equal or exceed $15 million in capital. The new capital is anticipated to be used by KPI to make additional real estate acquisitions and for general working capital purposes.
Summary of Transaction
Pursuant to the Merger, all shareholders of Kalyx will receive shares of KPI based on AAPC’s aggregate pre-money equity valuation of Kalyx of approximately $60 million, with the shares to be issued by KPI being valued at $10 per share and holders of Kalyx warrants who do not elect to exchange such warrants for shares of Kalyx common stock (as described in the merger agreement) will have their warrants assumed by KPI (subject to a minimum threshold of such warrants being amended (as described in the merger agreement)). AAPC shareholders who do not elect to redeem their AAPC ordinary shares will receive a stock dividend immediately prior to the closing based on the difference between the trust liquidation value per share at the closing of the Merger and the $10 per share price. AAPC’s sponsor, AAP Sponsor (PTC) Corp, has agreed to forfeit a portion of the KPI shares that it would receive in the Merger for its founder shares.
Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is serving as legal advisor to AAPC. Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P. is serving as financial advisor, Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC as legal advisor and Dentons as REIT counsel to Kalyx.
The description of the Merger contained herein is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the reference to the definitive agreements relating to the transaction, copies of which will be filed by AAPC with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a Current Report on Form 8-K.
About Kalyx Development Inc.
Kalyx is a leading real estate investment trust in the regulated cannabis industry in the U.S. By retrofitting underutilized real estate assets, Kalyx accommodates the need of tenants in the cultivation, processing and/or distribution of cannabis and cannabis products. At the forefront of a new real estate vertical, Kalyx owns interests in nine properties totaling approximately 653,000 square feet in regulated cannabis markets within Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Arizona of which approximately 77% was occupied as of March 31, 2017. Among Kalyx’s 23 tenants are many well established operators including Medicine Man, Dixie Brands, Golden Leaf, Health for Life and Strainwise. Kalyx is not a cannabis operator. It neither owns, nor does it intend to own, a financial interest in a cannabis business.
About AAPC
AAPC is a public investment vehicle incorporated in January 2015 in the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of engaging in initial business combination with one or more operating businesses. It is led by sponsors and management comprised of Iain Abrahams, Jonathan Mitchell, Mark Klein, and AAP Sponsor (PTC) Corp. AAPC has $7.48 million of capital in trust which includes the net proceeds raised in its initial public offering in May 2015. AAPC’s ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (NASDAQ: AAPC).
Contacts
For further information please contact:
Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp
Iain H. Abrahams, CEO
+44 (0) 203.675.7720
Jonathan Mitchell, CFO
212.409.2434
Kalyx Development Inc.
George M. Stone, CEO
Potter Polk, President & Co-Founder
646.368.6939
646.368.6920
Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P.
Thomas S. Howland, Managing Director
212.466.7977
Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC
David Boillot, Esq.
Scott H. Rosenblatt, Esq.
212.209.3058
212.209.3040
Where You Can Find More Information
This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material regarding the proposed Merger of Kalyx and AAPC, including the issuance of the common stock of KPI, the surviving public company. In connection with the proposed Merger, AAPC expects to file a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Form S-4”) and accompanying proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF AAPC AND KALYX ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS, INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER THAT AAPC WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AAPC, KALYX AND THE PROPOSED MERGER. The preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement, and Form S-4 registration statement/prospectus, in each case as applicable, and other relevant materials in connection with the Merger (when they become available), and any other documents filed by AAPC with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by contacting AAPC in writing at 590 Madison Ave, New York, NY, 10022.
Participants in the Merger
AAPC, Kalyx, and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of AAPC in connection with the Merger. Information regarding the officers and directors of AAPC is set forth in AAPC’s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2017. Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will also be included in the Form S-4 (and accompanying proxy materials) and other relevant documents filed with the SEC.
Original press release: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/atlantic-alliance-partnership-corp-and-cannabis-property-reit-kalyx-development-inc-announce-business-combination-and-proposed-private-placement-300453025.html





Before this cannabis stock news is here, it's published to subscribers on 420 Investor.







					    Published by NCV Newswire 
The NCV Newswire by New Cannabis Ventures aims to curate high quality content and information about leading cannabis companies to help our readers filter out the noise and to stay on top of the most important cannabis business news. The NCV Newswire is hand-curated by an editor and not automated in anyway. For questions contact us.					    







Get Our Sunday Newsletter













0
0
0
92
0







Subscribe The best cannabis industry news sent to your inbox every Sunday


GO


Spotlight

Cannabis Advertising
Cannabis Stock IndexThe Cannabis Stock Index is designed to represent the overall market for the medical and legal marijuana sector.
Cannabis Stocks

The largest, most comprehensive cannabis-investment centric forum on the internet.
www.420investor.com
Trending


					Follow Up: Terra Tech Improves Share Structure
				



					High Times Headed to the NASDAQ
				



					DOJA Cannabis Company to Debut on CSE
				



					California to Withdraw Medical Cannabis Regulation and Safety Act Proposed Rules
				



					DOJA Cannabis Company Prepares to Go Public as Lifestyle Brand
				

 
 











© NCV Media, LLC About Disclaimer Advertise Contact Newsletter Privacy




 
 














 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Kalyx Development Inc. - Marijuana Business Daily













Kalyx Development Inc. - Marijuana Business Daily












































 





































About Marijuana Business Daily | Advertise

























Home > 
						Industry Directory > 
						
						Investment Firms & Resources > 
						Kalyx Development Inc.






Marijuana Business Investment Firms Directory Profile for: Kalyx Development Inc.

ADD or UPDATE your free Directory listing
Note: This Directory is for firms serving business clients in the marijuana industry. So it's B2B only.
CLICK HERE


State(s) Served: Nationwide, NY
Year Founded: 2014

Description:
Kalyx is an on-going, equity buyer of industrial and commercial real estate and a landlord well versed in the regulatory, zoning and operational challenges unique to the cannabis industry.
Customers/Clients Include:

Dixie Brands
Medicine Man Technologies
Strainwise

Website: http://www.KalyxDevelopment.com
Contact info: [email protected]













Get our free daily email















We value your Privacy.



 
July Magazine Cover Story: Striking gold in Canada’s upcoming rec market.
Read the Issue 

Conference News 



 



14,000+ cannabis business leaders and investors
650+ exhibitors ready for serious business discussions
Early Bird deadline ends August 24th





 

 

Business Books 

Marijuana Business Factbook
Ships priority mail



Marijuana Business License Directory
Immediate download


 
















			x            















	Kalyx Development Inc. - About Me | LoopNet



























































































 















Already a Member? Log In









New Password


United States
Canada
Mexico
-----------------
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra, Principality of
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Asmore & Cartier Islands
Australia
Austria
Azerbaidjan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Baker Island
Bangladesh
Barbados
Bassas Da India
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Berma
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia, Kingdom of
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Clipperton Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Coral Sea Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Europa Island
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guyana
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Gaza Strip
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Glorioso Islands
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe (French)
Guam (USA)
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Howland Island
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast (Cote D'Ivoire)
Jamaica
Jan Mayen
Japan
Jarvis Island
Jersey
Johnston Atoll
Jordan
Juan De Nova Island
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kingman Reef
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic (Kyrgyzstan)
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Man, Isle of
Marshall Islands
Martinique (French)
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Navassa Island
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia (French)
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palmyra Atoll
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paracel Islands
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Island
Poland
Polynesia (French)
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion (French)
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis Anguilla
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Tome (Sao Tome) and Principe
Saint Vincent and Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Spratly Islands
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tadjikistan
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tromelin Island
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Wake Island
Wales
Wallis and Futuna Islands
West Bank
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Select Primary Role
Broker/Agent
Owner/Investor
Corporate Investor
Developer
Property/Asset Manager
Tenant
Appraiser
Lender/Mortgage Broker
Listing Administrator
Researcher
Other



Send me weekly updates on local market trends, useful tips and more.




Continue



By clicking the button above, you agree to LoopNet's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.


















Log In Here


Email Address:
Password:



Log In
Remember Me
Forgot Your Password?
Are you new to LoopNet?Become a free member





Are you new to LoopNet?  

















CloseSave this Search to Receive Daily Email AlertsPasadena, CA




To receive daily email alerts, upgrade to Premium Access


No Thanks.  I'm not interested.





Access all LoopNet listings when searching - over $425 billion of properties for sale and 6.3 billion square feet for lease.
Enter your property criteria and save time searching for properties that meet your needs. Premium Subscribers can receive email notification on a daily basis.




Choose from a variety of custom reports you can generate from properties that you find at LoopNet that can be easily emailed or printed.
Premium Subscribers automatically receive 10% off LoopNet Property Comps and Professional Profile products.


Upgrade To Premium Access Today!








CloseCreate a Professional Grade ReportPasadena, CA


Already a Premium Subscriber? Log In

To create reports, upgrade to Premium Membership or purchase 24-Hour Premium Marketing Searching.





No Thanks.  I'm not interested.





Access all LoopNet listings when searching - over $425 billion of properties for sale and 6.3 billion square feet for lease.
Enter your property criteria and save time searching for properties that meet your needs. Premium Members can receive email notification on a daily basis.




Choose from a variety of custom reports you can generate from properties that you find at LoopNet that can be easily emailed or printed.
Premium Members automatically receive 10% off LoopNet Property Comps and Professional Profile products.


Upgrade To Premium Membership Today!








CloseCreate a Professional Grade ReportPasadena, CA




To create reports, upgrade to Premium Membership or purchase 24-Hour Premium Marketplace Searching.





No Thanks.  I'm not interested.





Access all LoopNet listings when searching - over $425 billion of properties for sale and 6.3 billion square feet for lease.
Enter your property criteria and save time searching for properties that meet your needs. Premium Members can receive email notification on a daily basis.




Choose from a variety of custom reports you can generate from properties that you find at LoopNet that can be easily emailed or printed.
Premium Members automatically receive 10% off LoopNet Property Comps and Professional Profile products.


Upgrade To Premium Membership Today!






Close




To access this and thousands of other listings currently unavailable to you,
                                                    upgrade to Premium Searcher subscription or purchase 24-Hour Premium Marketplace Searching.





No Thanks.  I'm not interested.





Access all LoopNet listings when searching - over $425 billion of properties for sale and 6.3 billion square feet for lease.
Enter your property criteria and save time searching for properties that meet your needs. Premium Members can receive email notification on a daily basis.




Choose from a variety of custom reports you can generate from properties that you find at LoopNet that can be easily emailed or printed.
Premium Members automatically receive 10% off LoopNet Property Comps and Professional Profile products.


Upgrade To Premium Access Today!




















Kalyx Development Inc.





         KD RE Management LLC





New York,  NY
Send a Message



66Member Profile Views
0Recommendations
0Answers
LoopNet Member Since 2016





About MeRecommendations










©2017 LoopNet, Inc. LoopNet does not guarantee the accuracy of the above content. Full Disclaimer.
Powered By 







Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. and Cannabis Property REIT Kalyx Development Inc. Announce Business Combination and Proposed Private PlacementHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 4 hrs 12 minsS&P Futures2,464.00-8.00 (-0.32%)Dow Futures21,707.00-36.00 (-0.17%)Nasdaq Futures5,855.75-53.75 (-0.91%)Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. and Cannabis Property REIT Kalyx Development Inc. Announce Business Combination and Proposed Private PlacementPR NewswireMay 8, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareNEW YORK, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp. ("AAPC") (AAPC) and Kalyx Development Inc., a private real estate investment trust focused on owning and operating commercial real estate facilities leased to cultivators, processors and/or distributors in the regulated U.S. cannabis industry ("Kalyx"), today announced that they have entered into a merger agreement under which, subject to certain closing conditions, Kalyx will merge with and into AAPC (the "Merger"). With the terms of the Merger, AAPC attributed the current, pre-transaction value of Kalyx at approximately $60 million and a post-transaction market capitalization of approximately $75 million (subject to certain assumptions and variables).  The surviving public company, which is expected to be organized as a Maryland corporation, will be re-named Kalyx Properties Inc. ("KPI").Kalyx is a fully-integrated commercial real estate company which acquires and owns properties leased to, or currently occupied by, state-licensed operators of regulated cannabis businesses in states in which such activities are legal under state law.  Based in New York and operating as a private real estate investment trust, Kalyx owns and operates nine commercial properties comprising an aggregate of 653,000 square feet located in Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Washington State and is one of the leading multistate providers of commercial real estate to state-licensed operators in the regulated cannabis industry.  Kalyx's management team combines commercial real estate experience, cannabis industry expertise and a knowledge and understanding of the relevant state and local regulatory requirements that it leverages to source and acquire new commercial properties consistent with its strategy. "We are excited about merging into AAPC and believe the transaction will provide Kalyx with an efficient path to a public listing on a U.S. stock exchange," said George M. Stone, Kalyx's Chief Executive Officer.  "Once this transaction is complete, we will have a stream-lined capital structure which will allow for regular access to public capital, thus enabling better-paced growth as well as the ability over time to attract institutional investors to strengthen and diversify KPI's shareholder base."Iain H. Abrahams, Chief Executive Officer of AAPC, stated "Since meeting George Stone and the other members of the Kalyx management team, our team has been impressed with their grasp of the dynamics of the regulated U.S. cannabis industry and the needs of cannabis operator tenants.  We believe that giving the Kalyx team the ability to access public capital is the right way to build out the business and help Kalyx achieve its full potential."In connection with and as a condition to the closing of the Merger, AAPC expects to offer its common stock to accredited investors in a private placement (the "PIPE").  As a further condition to the closing of the Merger, the proceeds of the PIPE, when combined with cash currently in AAPC's trust account (subject to potential AAPC shareholder redemptions), will be required to equal or exceed $15 million in capital.  The new capital is anticipated to be used by KPI to make additional real estate acquisitions and for general working capital purposes. Summary of TransactionPursuant to the Merger, all shareholders of Kalyx will receive shares of KPI based on AAPC's aggregate pre-money equity valuation of Kalyx of approximately $60 million, with the shares to be issued by KPI being valued at $10 per share and holders of Kalyx warrants who do not elect to exchange such warrants for shares of Kalyx common stock (as described in the merger agreement) will have their warrants assumed by KPI (subject to a minimum threshold of such warrants being amended (as described in the merger agreement)).  AAPC shareholders who do not elect to redeem their AAPC ordinary shares will receive a stock dividend immediately prior to the closing based on the difference between the trust liquidation value per share at the closing of the Merger and the $10 per share price.  AAPC's sponsor, AAP Sponsor (PTC) Corp, has agreed to forfeit a portion of the KPI shares that it would receive in the Merger for its founder shares.Read MoreEllenoff Grossman & Schole LLP is serving as legal advisor to AAPC.  Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. is serving as financial advisor, Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC as legal advisor and Dentons as REIT counsel to Kalyx.The description of the Merger contained herein is only a summary and is qualified in its entirety by the reference to the definitive agreements relating to the transaction, copies of which will be filed by AAPC with the Securities and Exchange Commission in a Current Report on Form 8-K.About Kalyx Development Inc.Kalyx is a leading real estate investment trust in the regulated cannabis industry in the U.S. By retrofitting underutilized real estate assets, Kalyx accommodates the need of tenants in the cultivation, processing and/or distribution of cannabis and cannabis products. At the forefront of a new real estate vertical, Kalyx owns interests in nine properties totaling approximately 653,000 square feet in regulated cannabis markets within Colorado, Washington, Oregon and Arizona of which approximately 77% was occupied as of March 31, 2017.  Among Kalyx's 23 tenants are many well established operators including Medicine Man, Dixie Brands, Golden Leaf, Health for Life and Strainwise.  Kalyx is not a cannabis operator.  It neither owns, nor does it intend to own, a financial interest in a cannabis business.About AAPCAAPC is a public investment vehicle incorporated in January 2015 in the British Virgin Islands for the purpose of engaging in initial business combination with one or more operating businesses. It is led by sponsors and management comprised of Iain Abrahams, Jonathan Mitchell, Mark Klein, and AAP Sponsor (PTC) Corp. AAPC has $7.48 million of capital in trust which includes the net proceeds raised in its initial public offering in May 2015.  AAPC's ordinary shares are listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (AAPC).ContactsFor further information please contact:   Atlantic Alliance Partnership Corp      Iain H. Abrahams, CEO                               +44 (0) 203.675.7720     Jonathan Mitchell, CFO   212.409.2434     Kalyx Development Inc.      George M. Stone, CEO Potter Polk, President & Co-Founder   646.368.6939 646.368.6920         Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P. Thomas S. Howland, Managing Director     212.466.7977         Reitler Kailas & Rosenblatt LLC David Boillot, Esq. Scott H. Rosenblatt, Esq.     212.209.3058 212.209.3040      Where You Can Find More InformationThis communication may be deemed to be solicitation material regarding the proposed Merger of Kalyx and AAPC, including the issuance of the common stock of KPI, the surviving public company.  In connection with the proposed Merger, AAPC expects to file a registration statement on Form S-4 (the "Form S-4") and accompanying proxy materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF AAPC AND KALYX ARE URGED TO READ THESE MATERIALS, INCLUDING ANY AMENDMENTS OR SUPPLEMENTS THERETO, AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE MERGER THAT AAPC WILL FILE WITH THE SEC WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT AAPC, KALYX AND THE PROPOSED MERGER.  The preliminary proxy statement, the definitive proxy statement, and Form S-4 registration statement/prospectus, in each case as applicable, and other relevant materials in connection with the Merger (when they become available), and any other documents filed by AAPC with the SEC, may be obtained free of charge at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.  In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by contacting AAPC in writing at 590 Madison Ave, New York, NY, 10022.Participants in the MergerAAPC, Kalyx, and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of AAPC in connection with the Merger.  Information regarding the officers and directors of AAPC is set forth in AAPC's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 15, 2017.  Additional information regarding the interests of such potential participants will also be included in the Form S-4 (and accompanying proxy materials) and other relevant documents filed with the SEC.Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking StatementsThis communication may include "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as "anticipates", "believes", "continue", "expects", "estimates", "intends", "may", "outlook", "plans", "potential", "projects", "predicts", "should", "will", or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements with respect to the timing of the proposed merger, as well as the expected performance, strategies, prospects and other aspects of the businesses of the parties to the Merger and the combined company after completion of the proposed merger, are based on current expectations that are subject to risks and uncertainties.A number of factors could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to: (1) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the Merger (including the failure to consummate the PIPE); (2) the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against AAPC, Kalyx or others following announcement of the merger and the transactions contemplated therein; (3) the inability to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger due to the failure to obtain approval of the shareholders of AAPC or Kalyx or other conditions to closing in the Merger; (4) the risk that we may be unable to secure a U.S. national exchange listing for KPI; (5) the risk that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations as a result of the announcement and consummation of the Merger and the transactions described herein; (6) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of the Merger, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the combined company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with tenants and retain its key employees; (7) costs related to the proposed Merger; (8) changes in applicable laws or regulations or their interpretation or application (including, notably, federal and state laws related to the use, cultivation and distribution of cannabis-based products); (9) the possibility that AAPC or Kalyx may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (10) future exchange and interest rates; (11) delays in obtaining, adverse conditions contained in, or the inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or complete regulatory reviews required to complete the Merger; and (12) other risks and uncertainties indicated in the proxy statement to be filed by AAPC with the SEC, including those under "Risk Factors" therein, and other filings with the SEC by AAPC or Kalyx.  These factors are not intended to be an all-encompassing list of risks and uncertainties.The forward-looking statements contained in this communication are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on AAPC and Kalyx.  Future developments affecting AAPC and Kalyx may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this communication, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.DisclaimerThis communication shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which the offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/atlantic-alliance-partnership-corp-and-cannabis-property-reit-kalyx-development-inc-announce-business-combination-and-proposed-private-placement-300453025.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextSimon Property (SPG) to Report Q2 Earnings: What's in Store?ZacksThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredTrump’s unwitting legacy could be universal health coverageYahoo FinanceSean Hannity responds to claim he ran up a $42,000 tab at Trump's hotel after flying in a 70-year-old lobster from MaineBusiness InsiderWhite House comms director Scaramucci: 'I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c--k'Business InsiderZuckerberg Wife's Ambitious Secret Finally ExposedUNewz.MeSponsoredVirgin Atlantic founder Sir Richard Branson sells 31pc stake in airline for £220m as part of new tie-up with Air France-KLMThe TelegraphTwitter is only famous now because of President Trump: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoRolls-Royce Motor CEO: We’re not in the auto business. We’re in the luxury business.Yahoo FinanceEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMattis was on vacation when Trump tweeted transgender ban, and he was reportedly 'appalled' by itBusiness InsiderRepublicans kill the border taxYahoo FinanceAmazon ploughs ahead with high sales and spending; profit plungesReutersDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredVerizon Q2 Revenue Flat as Wireless Unit Sales Decline 1.9% Despite Subcriber ReboundVarietyAmazon could be the first trillion dollar company: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoSessions says hurt by Trump outbursts, but not quittingJames: I love my country, but for the first time in my life I can honestly say I am ashamed of it.  This administration is an absolute joke and an insult to logic, decency, and our intelligence.  They have stopped even pretending to care they were ever for the people at this point.Join the Conversation1 / 5367








