





Kamfar, R. Ramin - The Wall Street Transcript













































 





































R. Ramin Kamfar
 R. Ramin Kamfar serves as Chairman of the board and Chief Executive Officer of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. He has served as Chairman since August 2008, and also served as CEO and the CEO of the company’s former adviser from August 2008 to February 2013. Since October 2002, he has served as the Chairman and CEO of Bluerock, where he has overseen the acquisition and development of approximately 7,500 apartment units and over 2.5 million square feet of office space. In addition, Mr. Kamfar has served as Chairman and as a trustee of Total Income Plus Real Estate Fund, a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock, since 2012. Mr. Kamfar has 25 years of experience in various aspects of real estate, mergers and acquisitions, private equity investing, investment banking, and public and private finance. From 1988 to 1993, he worked as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers Inc., where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions, and corporate finance. In 1993, Mr. Kamfar left Lehman to focus on private equity transactions. From 1993 to 2002, he executed a growth/consolidation strategy to build a startup into a leading public company in the fast-casual market now known as Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:BAGL). From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Kamfar also served as an active investor, adviser and member of the board of directors of Vsource, Inc., a technology company subsequently sold to Symphony House. Mr. Kamfar received an MBA degree with distinction in finance in 1988 from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a B.S. with distinction in finance in 1985 from the University of Maryland.    
Related Interviews:Interview with the Chairman and CEO: Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (BRG)June 25, 2015R. Ramin Kamfar -  New World Coffee-manhattan Bagel Inc (nwci)January 03, 2000







CartLatest NewsJames Abate of Centre Asset Management Sees Consumer Demand Driving New Stock HighsMalcolm E. Polley of Stewart Capital and How to Play the Health Care StocksTimothy Biltz, CEO of Lumos Networks Identifies the Key Component for Future 5G NetworksThe Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundJames A. Abate Published July 20, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AMAT JNJ COH RL COG NVDA ADBE ATVI KLAC AMZN NFLX GOOG FB GLW MU 005930 000660 WFM JWN CMG GPS EQT RICE SPLS Buy ($25)Finding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesHenry  Beukema Published July 19, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: ORCL MSFT NSRGY AMZN WFM LRLCY AGN LNR Buy ($25)Better Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap SpaceMalcolm E. Polley Published July 18, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: PRAA HURN FII FL NKE AMZN WFM WBA RAD Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsWireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published June 30, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSDelivering Long-Term Results with a Risk-Managed Growth FundFinding Investments with Favorable Risk and Reward OpportunitiesBetter Returns and Lower Risk in the Midcap Space 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google
















Ramin Kamfar | Homepage





























 
















 



Select Page


  
 
 












Welcome to Ramin Kamfar's Homepage

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


About Ramin Kamfar


 



Ramin Kamfar is the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bluerock Real Estate. Mr. Kamfar also serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT (NYSE MKT: BRG), and the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Total Income (plus) Real Estate Fund (TIPRX), a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock.
Ramin Kamfar has over 20 years of experience in various aspects of real estate, mergers and acquisitions, private equity investing, and investment banking. Ramin Kamfar started his career as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers Inc., where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kamfar left Lehman to focus on private equity investing, and over a decade executed a growth/consolidation strategy to build a startup into a leading public company in the ‘fast casual’ market now known as Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: BAGL) with approximately 800 locations and $400 million in gross revenues. Mr. Kamfar also previously served as an active investor, advisor and member of the Board of Directors of Vsource, Inc., a technology company subsequently sold to Symphony House (KL: SYMPHNY), a leading business process outsourcing company focused on the Fortune 500 and Global 500.
Ramin Kamfar received an M.B.A. degree with distinction in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a B.S. degree with distinction in Finance from the University of Maryland.
 
 



Search for:



 
July 2017


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Jun
 
 




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


24252627282930


31
 


 Social Media Icons 
 
 
 



Contact Mr. Kamfar!

Contact

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Animated Social Media Icons Powered by Acurax Wordpress Development Company















   Ramin Kamfar | Bluerock Real Estate LLC | ZoomInfo.com

R. Ramin Kamfar: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 12:47 AM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
R. Ramin Kamfar  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 3 Board Members in 3 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships54--
Background

		Mr. R. Ramin Kamfar serves as the Chief Executive Officer at Bluerock Enhanced Multifamily Advisor, LLC since October 31, 2013. Previosuly, Mr. Kamfar  served as the Chief Executive Officer at Bluerock Enhanced Multifamily Advisor, LLC from August 2008 to February 26, 2013. Mr. Kamfar is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Bluerock Real Estate, LLC since October 2002. He has been the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. ... since October 31, 2013 and August 2008 respectively. He has been the President at Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc since August 2008. He founded Bluerock Residential Growth REIT in October 2002. Mr. Kamfar has 24 years of experience in various aspects of real estate, mergers and acquisitions, private equity investing, investment banking and public and private financings. Previously, Mr. Kamfar was Managing Partner at New World Venture Partners, Inc. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at Manhattan Bagel Company. Prior to this, he founded and served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at New World Restaurant Group, Inc. From 1988 to 1993, he worked as an Investment Banker at Lehman Brothers Inc., where  he specialized in mergers and acquisitions and corporate finance. From 1993 to 2002, he executed a growth/consolidation strategy to build a startup into a leading public company in the ‘fast casual’ market now known as Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Kamfar served as an active investor, advisor and member of the Board of Directors of Vsource, Inc., a technology company subsequently sold to Symphony House, a leading business process outsourcing company focused on the Fortune Global 500. He received an M.B.A. degree with distinction in Finance in 1988 from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and a B.S. degree with distinction in Finance in 1985 from the University of Maryland located in College Park, Maryland.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
712 Fifth AvenueNew York, New York 10019United StatesPhone: 212-843-1601Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
Chairman and Chief Executive officerManhattan Bagel Company2002-PresentChairman and Chief Executive OfficerBluerock Real Estate, L.L.C.2008-PresentChairman, Chief Executive Officer and PresidentBluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc.
Education
BS University of MarylandMBA University of Pennsylvania - The Wharton School
Other Affiliations
Manhattan Bagel CompanyEinstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc.First Physicians Capital Group, Inc.Black Mountain Gas CompanyUniversity of MarylandUniversity of Pennsylvania - The Wharton SchoolBluerock Real Estate, L.L.C.Bluerock Enhanced Multifamily Advisor, LLC


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Bluerock Residential Growth REIT's (BRG) CEO Ramin Kamfar on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Bluerock Residential Growth REIT's (BRG) CEO Ramin Kamfar on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptFeb.16.17 | About: Bluerock Residential (BRG) Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, Inc. (NYSEMKT:BRG)
Q4 2016 Results Earnings Conference Call
February 16, 2017, 11:00 AM ET
Executives
Christopher Vohs - CAO, Treasurer
Ramin Kamfar - Chairman, President & CEO
Jordan Ruddy - President
Ryan MacDonald - Managing Director, Investments
Analysts
Rob Stevenson - Janney
Craig Kucera - Wunderlich
Steve Shaw - Compass Point
Operator
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Bluerock Residential Growth REIT's Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded.
I now would like to introduce your host for today's call, Christopher Vohs, Chief Accounting Officer of Bluerock Residential. Mr. Vohs, please go ahead..
Christopher Vohs
Thank you, and welcome to Bluerock Residential Growth REIT’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. This morning, prior to market open, we issued our press release and supplement. The press release can be found on our website at bluerockresidential.com under the Investor Relations tab. In addition, we anticipate filing our 10-K within the next week.
Following the conclusion of our remarks, we will be pleased to answer any questions you may have. Before we begin, please note that this call may contain forward-looking statements as they are defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. There are a variety of risks and uncertainties associated with forward-looking statements and the actual results may differ from those set forth in such statements. For discussion of these risks and uncertainties, you should review the forward-looking statements disclosure in the earnings press release we issued this morning as well as our SEC filings.
With respect to non-GAAP measures we use in this call, please - with respect to non-GAAP measures we use in this call including pro forma measures, please refer to our earnings supplement for a reconciliation to GAAP, the reasons management uses these non-GAAP measures and the assumptions used with respect to any pro forma measures and their inherent limitations.
And with that I'll turn the call over to Ramin Kamfar, Chairman and CEO of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT, for his remarks.
Ramin Kamfar
Thank you, Chris and good morning, everyone. With me today are several key members of our executive team, we've got Jordan Ruddy, our President and Ryan MacDonald, our Managing Director of Investments. I will open my calls – my remarks with some key financial highlights from the quarter and close with some capital markets commentary. After my remarks I am going to ask Ryan MacDonald to give you additional operational and transactional detail.
So starting with the financial highlights. On the revenue front, we achieved significant growth as a result of our investment activity. Our top line revenue for the fourth quarter was $22.4 million, which is a 70% increase from the $13.2 million in the prior year quarter, which was largely as a result of significant investment activity in 2016.
Our net loss attributable to common stockholders for the quarter ending December 31 was $7.3 million versus a net loss of $1.5 million for the prior-year quarter. This net loss was caused primarily by non-cash items of $10.8 million in the fourth quarter versus $6.7 million in the prior-year quarter.
For the quarter, our adjusted funds from operations or AFFO, was $3.7 million, compared to $4.3 million in the prior-year quarter, on a per-share basis, AFFO came in at $0.18 which exceeds our guidance of 0.05 to $0.07 per share.
On a pro forma as invested basis, which simply assumes that our investable cash was fully invested as of the beginning of the fourth quarter, so that investors can get a sense of our fully invested earnings potential, our AFFO per share was $0.41, which also exceeds our guidance range of $0.31 to $0.33. Both our AFFO and for both our AFFO and pro forma AFFO were favorably impacted by $0.09 from the payment of our management fee in LTIP with the remaining out performance coming from operations.

Property NOI dollars grew to $14 million in the quarter, which is a 69% increase from $8.3 million in the prior-year quarter, with NOI margins consistently at 62.7%. Same-store NOI grew to strong 6.1% for the quarter versus the prior-year quarter. Ryan's going to provide additional detail on this.
For the seventh consecutive quarter, BRG's board determined to pay the full amount of the management fee in LTIPs in lieu of cash, with the goal of continuing to signal the confidence of management in executing our business plan and the underlying value of our shares.
Our asset base continues to grow significantly on a quarterly basis. I'm happy to announce that are consolidated real estate assets at cost are up 80% over $1 billion at the end of the quarter from year-end 2015.
On the acquisition front, during the quarter we closed on a record five operating properties with just under 1700 units for $270 million and two developments totaling around 400 units. For the full year 2016, BRG invested capital totaling approximately $700 million in gross asset value, plus 13 properties representing about 3800 units.
Subsequent to quarter end we closed on two development mezzanine loans totaling $36 million. And we are actively working on closing additional deals with another about 1250 units on a total cost of approximately $250 million.
Shifting to the capital markets side. In October we saw an opportunity to reduce our cost of capital and executed an underwritten overnight offering of a Series B a perpetual preferred stock raising $71 million at a seven and an 8 rate which is a 50 basis point savings over our Series C offering which was completed just recently in July of 2016.
In addition, we were able to improve the non-economic terms of the deal, so that the Series D as a more attractive security being a perpetual versus a redeemable preferred. So from a structural point of view, that's what attracted from the prior Series A and Series C.
Additionally, we completed a follow-on offering of 4.6 million shares of Class A common stock in January at an offering price of 1350 per share for gross proceeds of bout $60 million. The primary goal for this offering focused on building the underlying common equity base, as well as executing on a robust pipeline of accretive transactions that we are continuing to see.
And in addition, getting us closer to a number on a common side that would make us eligible for RMC [ph] inclusion - inclusion on the index that has been - that is one of our goals for this year and beyond.
We also have positive news report with a 6% Series B non-traded preferred offering. Fourth quarter sales increased 82% on a sequential quarter-over-quarter basis to $13 million, top or trajectory is continuing into the first quarter and we expect that working out at quarterly run rate of somewhere between $15 million to 20 million.
In the first quarter off 2017 we're pleased to report that we're making significant progress in expanding or selling group with the addition of some key broker-dealer selling agreement and our expectation is that. We'll see the benefits from this expansion by an increase in the quarterly capital raise run rate towards the latter half of 2017.
We've previously stated that $500 million is the equity capital base that would be the number where it would make sense for BRG and its investors to begin internalizing management, the offering that closed in 2016 allowed us to hit that number and hit that target.
And as I indicated on our last quarter's call, we started the process in the fourth quarter, working in conjunction with a special committee of the board and their counsel and appropriate advisors to internalize management. We are working towards a target of mid-2017 for BRG to become an internally managed REIT, although at this point we can't guarantee the timing obviously.

Our pro forma AFFO guidance for the first quarter is $0.27 to $0.29 per share, which is down slightly from the fourth quarter number and that's due to normal seasonality from the winter months. Q1 being our weakest quarter in apartment business, plus the accrual of the way we accrue projected tax increases for 2017, and the timing of our dispositions which are stabilized assets and our acquisitions which are assets where we've got the value creation coming online over time.
Now I would like to hand the call to Ryan MacDonald, our Managing Director of Investments to give additional commentary on our operational metrics and an overview of our transactions in the quarter.
Ryan MacDonald
Thank you, Ramin and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start off by noting that our operating portfolio continues to perform exceptionally well, generally meeting or exceeding our budgets across the board.
As you all know, the winter months typically provide for some seasonal challenges, but the asset management team here has been working hard with our partners and the on-site staff to position each asset so that we can continue to capitalize on the value creation business plans set forth at acquisition.
Portfolio wide across all of BRGs assets, average occupancy for the fourth quarter of 2016 was 94%. Occupancy held firm in January as well finishing the month at 94%. Same-store NOI for the fourth quarter of 2016 increased by 6.1% from the same period in the prior-year. The improvement in NOI was primarily driven by a 5.7% increase in same-store property revenues of which the majority came from a 4% increase in average rental rates versus the prior year period.
The remainder of the revenue growth was attributable to an 80 basis point increase in our average occupancy across the portfolio, as well as the purchaser 17 additional units at our fractured condo Lansbrook and the lease up of 15 phase II units at our parking Kingston property located in Charlotte. Same-store expenses rose 5.1%, with a majority increase coming from payroll additions to a large asset in Florida, that we don't see going forward.
On the dispositions front, in December we sold our EOS development in Orlando for $52 million, which generated an internal rate of return of 31% on BRG's equity and a return of 1.8 times invested equity. In addition to the above, we are in various stages of the sales process on three additional asset which we anticipate will close in the coming quarters.
On the investment front, in the fourth quarter we closed on five operational assets and two development transactions totaling $370 million in gross asset value and $109 million in BRG equity. Subsequent to the quarter, BRG invested $36 million in two mezzanine development opportunities in Charlotte, North Carolina and Boca Raton, Florida, both of which each are projected yield annualized AFFO of 15%.
The pro forma stabilized cap rate for the five closed operational properties is projected to be approximately 6.5% versus market cap rates ranging from 4.8% to 5.3%. Two of the assets are located in Austin, Texas, with another two in Atlanta, Georgia, and the remaining asset is located in Port St. Lucie, Florida.
In terms of pending transactions, we have four additional investments totaling 1248 units with total projected costs of approximately $247 million, which leaves us with $49 million of available capital for investment.
With the most recent January capital raise, we anticipate the investable cash being deployed through the middle part of the year, with a fully invested run rate towards the back half of 2017.
Now let me review a few of the pending investments with you. One pending investment is a to-be-built 299 unit Class A luxury garden style apartment community located in Garland, Texas with direct access to the major Dallas employment centers of CityLine, Legacy Business Park and Plano.

The transaction was sourced off market and our partner undertook a comprehensive rezoning to allow for residential use of the site, which in our mind creates an attractive basis.
BRG's underwriting projects a return on cost of 7% to 7.5% at stabilization for value creation of 175 to 250 basis points versus sales of comparable communities in the greater Dallas MSA at 5% to 5.25%. To date, BRG has funded approximately $5 million and the mezzanine investment is projected to grow by an additional $19 million., once vertical construction commences this quarter.
Another pending investment is a 301 unit 2010 bill, core plus acquisition opportunity in emerging downtown Charlotte neighborhood called Wesley Heights. The same neighborhood that BRGs recently funded development mezzanine loan. We believe the neighborhood has similar path of growth characteristics to the Berry Hill neighborhood at the time of our successful investment in the 2300 at Berry Hill development in Nashville, Tennessee.
The relationship purchase offers immediate operational efficiencies through a more localized management approach, where as the existing owner was managing the asset from the West Coast. BRG's underwriting projects a stabilized cap rate of 6% for value creation of 75 to 125 basis points versus sales of comparable communities in the Charlotte urban core at four and three quarter to five and quarter percent.
The purchase price of approximately $58 million and BRG is projected to invest 92% of the equity, equating to approximately $18 million with the remaining funding being capitalized with a fixed-rate senior loan from Freddie Mac in the estimated amount of $41 million and a rate of approximately 4%.
Another pending transaction is a relationship purchase of a 92% interest 382 unit, 2000 built garden style apartment community located in Raleigh, North Carolina MSA for a total purchase price of approximately $60 million.
The business plan contemplates executing interior renovations, yielding a pro forma stabilized cap rate of approximately 6.4% which we believe compares favorably to cap rates of four and three quarters to five and quarter percent for assets of similar quality in the market.
The initial 92% equity investment is projected to be approximately $17 million and the acquisition is being capitalized with a floating rate senior loan from Freddie Mac in the amount of $41 million and at a rate of just under 3%.
Moving to the capital markets front, we want to highlight the multifamily permitting and starts were moderately down on a year-over-year basis in the South region through December, according taxes [ph] metrics, which is consistent with what we predicted, given the significant reduction in credit availability in the construction lending markets for weaker and less well-capitalized developers due to the HVCRE bank regulations.
And given that the demographics of underlying demand are still in place, we believe this type of the file will be a strong catalyst for accelerating the multifamily fundamentals from 2018 and beyond.
With respect to asset level financings. Our access to senior financing on the acquisition side remains robust from a variety of lenders, including agencies, banks and life companies. Today, fixed rate spreads generally range from 160 to 230 basis points for all in rates of 3.6% to 4.40% with term ranging from 5 to 10 years.
And finally, our pipeline remains very robust. We are currently evaluating north of $500 million worth of investments, totaling in excess of 2500 units. The majority of these pipeline transactions are off market and in many cases we've been working on them for extended periods of time. We continue to believe there are attractive opportunities in our current footprint of growth markets from the Carolinas down through Florida and over to Texas.

And with that, I will now turn - return the call to Ramin to conclude.
Ramin Kamfar
Thank you, Ryan. That's the end of our prepared remarks. With that, I'm happy to open it up to Q&A. operator?
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Rob Stevenson of Janney. Please go ahead.
Rob Stevenson
Good morning, guys. Ramin, there was a couple in the release, there was a couple of assets, where you were redeemed on in the quarter and there was some conversion there, can you talk a little bit about what's going on with those assets? Like West Morehead, and APOK Townhomes?
Ramin Kamfar
Hi, Rob. Those are deals where we converted from a equity or a preferred equity. We're switching from doing mezzanine and start doing preferred equity, because as we get – in terms of our investor-owned structures and the reason for that is that, the preferred equity doesn't really show up on our income statement, in terms of revenue. So we feel that our revenue gets penalized by it, whereas mezzanine is more visible and more trackable and more transparent.
So we're switching to a mezzanine structure. And those are - those were situations where we're just converting from an equity or preferred equity position into a mezzanine.
Rob Stevenson
Okay, helpful. Thank you. And then where do you guys sit today after common and the preferred raises, what do you guys look like on a pro forma leverage level at this point sitting here today?
Ramin Kamfar
Well, I think that's in our – that’s in our supplements. If you look at it on a net basis, I think we're in the - I think we're in the 40s, but I think we've got at you know, we've got a detail of that working out in supplement that we just filed. I …
Rob Stevenson
But you're going to sell three assets, I mean, you got a pipeline, et cetera. I mean, where you know - what is the – what's the sort of expected proceeds and sort of rough dollar value for those three assets if you wind up selling them.
And you know, I assume that given Ryan's comments about how robust pipeline is, that you basically have an immediate use of proceeds on the acquisition standpoint. So I guess I was just trying to figure out with the 49 or so million dollars of dry powder sort of what you have to sort of execute on before needing additional equity out there again?
Ramin Kamfar
Rob, on the proceeds, the total gross proceeds coming back to us is in the $60 million range and that actually includes the sale in the fourth quarter of the year. So I think incrementally it’s about a $30 million of gross proceeds, plus our investment basis.
Rob Stevenson
Okay.
Ramin Kamfar
That gives us enough dry powder, I think the idea or the – for the raise that we get in January was to give us an outright - you know, we've got these catalyst coming up Rob, which is internalization being the biggest one.
We're also working on a line of credit and you know we're hoping that – and we've got some asset sales, you’ve seen EOs and the multiple and IORs we've got on that. We've got a couple more of those with similar type of returns, that again, help validate - help us harvest capital and we invested assertively and also helps validate our value creation model.
So we figure that the January race was going to be something along with this asset recycling that gets us through the internalization period where all of this news is out in the market which we're hoping is going to be positive. And then we'll reevaluate at that point.
Rob Stevenson
Okay. And then just one last one I mean, you guys gave guidance for the first quarter you know, is it just too many moving parts to give guidance for the full year at this point?
Ramin Kamfar
At this point it is, because you've got - we're getting go through it, we're just - if you look at our growth on a year-to-year basis and a quarter-to-quarter basis so much of it depends on our access to capital and so on and so forth. So we're working on expanding our guidance helps, you know, beyond that we've been doing it on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We're working on expanding that out, but we need to get a - we need to be a little bigger to the able to do that because when you're growing your asset base by whatever it is, 75% or 80% a year, its – each one of these - each one of the raises that we do has a significant if weather they –if they happen, or if they don't happen has a huge impact. We're not a big stabilized REIT, that can say okay, we're projecting raising $0.5 billion off our ATM and selling $400 million in assets and reinvesting those.

You know, we were, like I said in my remarks, we're up 80% year-over-year in terms of assets.
Rob Stevenson
Okay. Thanks, guys, I appreciate it.
Operator
The next question comes from Craig Kucera of Wunderlich. Please go ahead.
Craig Kucera
Hey. Good morning, guys. I like to circle back on to the transition from preferred equity investment to mezzanine loan, is there any change structurally in them, are they still 15% current cash base or is there any accrued components to those?
Ramin Kamfar
Craig, good morning. Its intended to be pretty much identical to the preferred structure, except in the mezzanine now these are deals that get negotiated on a deal-by-deal basis. Our target is still 15, but are there situations where you know where you might see that number below that, if we see a deal that makes sense and that's what the economics are that are negotiated.
Yes, it may be lower than 15 in total or it may have an accrual component to it, et cetera, et cetera. So the 15 is a setting stone. It’s a target return that we like, but again it depends on if you're doing a truly core asset that number may be lower, it's all market-driven.
Craig Kucera
Okay. Going to some your markets you know, we've been hearing from some your competitors about some supply concerns, particularly in Charlotte. I know that rents in a few of your assets were down there sequentially. How do you feel about that market now and making additional investment, either on a stabilized property basis or new developments today?
Ryan MacDonald
Well, good morning, Craig. It's Ryan. Certainly obviously, it’s an asset-by-asset basis. We just did – we've actually made recently two investments there, I think at the super high end you know, I think we're a little cautious in Charlotte.
There's a lot of obviously construction downtown, including some high-rise residential that I think you know, rent levels are significantly above where our rent levels are on our two assets and I think we like to play in the path of growth. So the characteristics of the two investments that we made fit that value creation thesis that we on all our acquisitions and development opportunities.
So again, yes, we're constructive on - from a macro perspective on Charlotte, but I think relative to the two investments we made, we think there's a lot of value opportunity.
Ramin Kamfar
Craig, its Ramin. I think that's a good question, its funny you should ask about Charlotte because we went to investment committee and I asked the same question, because we had an investment committee a year ago where we're talking about supply in Charlotte.
So let me take a step back cash way and talk globally. Globally what we see in terms of supply is that you're going to go through a supply issue in 2017, and a soft patch, – but if you look at the actual metrics data in November and December, starts and permits were down dramatically on a year-over-year basis, which we've been - which is been part of our thesis because of high volatility DRE loan Regs that went into effect, that make construction financing a lot more difficult.
So you're seeing a development - development pulled back at across almost all of our markets. So - and we think that that sets you up for a strong market, assuming that the economy continues to grow and you’ve got the job growth, et cetera, et cetera, you know, starting in mid-2018 and beyond. So I think you're setting up for the long term post a soft patch.
Then from there you got to drill down on the market-by-market basis and it's really a sub market by sub market basis and in the product type. I think you're seeing of the $1500 rent level, I think you're seeing some supply indigestion that may not necessarily be there at the $1250 rent level and in various submarket and on a sub market by sub market basis.

In fact, all of our markets if you break them down, outside of let's say Houston, if you break them down there are submarket that have a lot of supply coming. And then there are other submarket that are very healthy in terms of supply demand and that's how we look at it. As remember part of our strategy is that we're not tied into any market or submarket because we've got an operating base there, we have the flexibility with our operating partners to go across 50 market, so we picked them based on their pure attractiveness and supply and demand is one of the things that we look at.
Ryan MacDonald
And in particular on the one asset in South and Craig where I think we've had some rent moderation you know, there has been a few lease ups there that I think that presented challenges, but they are not going to impact on the two deals that we actually made investments on or pending investments, I should say.
Craig Kucera
Got it. And kind of in the same vein, I know Fox Hill in Austin also saw some safe [ph] vision and there is also some quite supply concerns. I know in the past you mentioned that your new investments in there were in submarkets that you felt were maybe physically protected by supply.
But can you give us a quick overview of your investment thesis on legacy at Southpark and in the Brodie again?
Ramin Kamfar
Sure, absolutely. So legacy at Southpark was actually a - I'll call it a fractured ownership group that the developer candidly did not perform their duties, especially during lease up and so the equity capital had to come in and take over operationally, once the asset was delivered and we think there's just a lot of low hanging fruit not only from an operational perspective, but also some touchup items on the amenities and exterior of the property that we think generally will reposition it into an asset that will make it a Class A asset that we thought we bought it, I'll call it Class B plus type pricing.
So with respect to the Brodie, that one is more of a – I'll call it repositioning play where the rent levels in that submarket are – I'll call it $1.50, and our rent levels are $1.25. So our partner who is actually located in Austin locally and has a significant presence and focuses on that specific business plan is on board and we're coming up with the value-add scheme and implementing that today. So really it's just - it’s an improvement play and brings rents to market. So…
Craig Kucera
Got it. I appreciate it. The Western, I think you've owned, I think you purchased that may be in late 2015 and correct me if I'm wrong, but at what point does that convert from a preferred equity investment into an operating property on the balance sheet?
Ramin Kamfar
Sure. It should convert into an operating property over the coming quarters. Durham is one of those in particular markets that I think from a micro perspective has had challenges with supply. And so the stabilization on that property has taken longer than I think we originally projected.
That being said, again, the value proposition from our basis when we made the investment feels very, very good, especially based on recent sales. But I think that's a market that will get through the indigestion that it’s seen over the past – I'll call it, year, year and a half and we'd expect it to stabilize and get to a normalized operating state over the coming quarters.
Craig Kucera
Okay. Go ahead, I am sorry.
Ramin Kamfar
Yes.
Craig Kucera
Okay. One more for me, I just wanted to follow up on the guidance for this first quarter, just your comments on dispositions for me, was that - is the guidance assuming any additional dispositions in the first quarter or is that just the impact of the dispositions you made in the fourth quarter and loosen that income?

Ramin Kamfar
It’s the disposition – well, we've got a couple of deals that are - that we expect may close +this quarter that are stabilized assets. So we've said that we like to be into assets that are 6.5 or plus type of cap rate. Now you can't buy all type of assets in all type of markets at a 6.5 and that's why we're buying you know, attractive institutional quality assets and attractive submarkets with value creation and I we're growing them, whatever it is a 100 to 150 basis points to get to 6.5.
So when you sell an asset and we've got a couple of that are under contract and you are generating a significant multiple an IRs in high 20s or 30s, that’s reflective of the value creation. So you are north is of that 6.5. When you're buying an asset to replace that, that assets come again at lower than a 6.5 and it's going to be post takeover and its going to take a couple of quarters, depending on whether it's better operations or as we as take over operations and push rents or if it's interior upgrades are amenity upgrades et cetera, et cetera, may be over longer periods than a couple of quarters that that cap rate starts to – that return on costs starts to move up.
So you - as you do this - as we get bigger, there will be less of an issue, but when you're small - again, our size and you're selling you know, three significant assets, it's going to you know, you'll it moves your numbers around a little bit. Does that make sense Craig?
Craig Kucera
Yes. That’s what I was thinking. And then sorry, I have one last one, this is really accounting follow up. You reported a gain on revaluation of equity of a business combination, can you give us some color on what that is and it is it…
Ramin Kamfar
That was…
Craig Kucera
Gain on sale?
Ramin Kamfar
That was a gain on sale on EOs but my understanding is that we - because we wanted to do a 1031, so that not to - not to get taxable gain on it. What we have to do some structuring to - before the sale to do that and the gain comes into play at the time of the strike.
The way the accounting works, the gain gets realized at the time of the restructure as opposed to the time of the sale. So effectively from your point of view and my point of view it’s a gain on sale. Chris feel free to correct me if I'm incorrect.
Craig Kucera
No, you hit on the head Ramin. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Ramin Kamfar
They accounted for differently.
Craig Kucera
Thank you very much.
Operator
[Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Steve Shaw of Compass Point. Please go ahead.
Steve Shaw
Hey, guys. Could you talk about where you are in the internalization process and how my G&A or the GA run rate look after the internalization process is done.
Ramin Kamfar
Hi, Steve. Where we are on the internalization process is that we have met where and responded to documents and diligence request from the special committee and its advisors, the special committee has retained counsel and they retained financial advisor and I will tell you they are very intelligent – they are being very diligently in terms of exercising their duties of care and other duties as independent board members to make sure that they do a - they do a thorough job here.
And so they provided us with information and data and diligence requested and we provided that. There's a compensation consultant in addition to the advisors that's been hired, they advised them in terms of compensation program, design and structure and amounts and so on and so forth and that's been provided to them.
So we are still – in terms of your two questions with respect to where we are in the process, we're in the middle of it. Our target is still to be internalized. I'd like to say at the end of the second quarter the lawyers tell me that's not correct, it would technically be the beginning of the third quarter. So that's our target, that's what were pushing for, but I have to tell that for us the soon is better, but to a certain extent its out of our hands.

There's - the structuring involved, there's a fairness opinion involved and there's a proxy and vote involved, and it's getting driven by - the timing gets driven by the special committee and advisors. I'm so hopeful that our target timeframe is achievable.
In terms of the management, the G&A figure from a G&A point of view, I think that the number we're looking at a cash G&A number as based on what we've seen the compensation consultant proposed versus our comps and versus our current management fee. That's going to roll down by a - by a healthy amount.
So - but again all those numbers are preliminary and subject to gone through the process here. Does that answer your question?
Steve Shaw
Yes. Thank you.
Operator
This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ramin Kamfar for any closing remarks.
Ramin Kamfar
Thank you everyone for joining us today and we look forward to continuing to report on our progress. See you in the coming quarters. Good bye.
Operator
The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Financial, REIT - Residential, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All BRG TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies  | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Financial Stocks including REITs and Investment Companies Buffett's Canadian Invasion: Home Capital GroupHMCBF• Yesterday, 11:58 AM • Wayne Hylarides•8 CommentsWhy Visa Is A Core Stock In My PortfolioV• Yesterday, 9:18 AM • David Zanoni•43 CommentsOur Sick Money Markets. The Myth Of LIBORBAC, BK, C• Yesterday, 7:37 AM • Kurt Dew•6 CommentsFarmland Partners: Exit OpportunityFPI• Yesterday, 7:08 AM • Beyond Saving•17 CommentsUMH Properties 6.75% Is AppealingUMH• Yesterday, 1:35 AM • Rubicon Associates•7 CommentsT. Rowe Price Group: A Great DGI OpportunityTROW• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:58 PM • Samuel Smith•5 CommentsNuveen Quality Muni Inc. Fund: Quality Still Shines?NEA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:36 PM • Maks Financial Services•14 CommentsActivist Investors Have Targeted The Liberty All-Star Equity FundUSA• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:14 PM • George Spritzer, CFA•13 CommentsVEREIT: High-Quality 6.25% Yielding Preferred StockVER• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:02 PM • Achilles Research•17 CommentsFifth Third Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFITB• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • SA TranscriptsOFG Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesOFG• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:32 PM • SA TranscriptsFlaherty & Crumrine Cut Distributions On Preferred Stock CEFs: What Should An Income Investor Do?DFP, FFC, FLC• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:48 PM • Left Banker•35 CommentsCustomers Bancorp Fixed-To-Floating Rate Preferred Less Than Meets The EyeEditors' Pick • CUBI• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • Carlton Getz•5 CommentsConsolidated-Tomoka: Strong Management, Massive Earnings Beat, Still Major UpsideCTO• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:16 PM • Wappinger Capital Research•10 CommentsFifth Third Bancorp: Does The Buying Make Sense Here?FITB• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:52 PM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsJPMorgan Remains ExtendedJPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:47 PM • Reason Investments•7 CommentsWeekly CEF Roundup: Saba Secures Tender Offers At Clough FundsCLM, CRF, FHY• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:21 PM • Stanford Chemist•10 CommentsNo Fruitful Harvest For Farmland PartnersEditors' Pick • FPI• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:54 AM • Brad Thomas•65 CommentsFlagrant Reaction To Huntington BancsharesHBAN• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:27 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsRegions Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:09 AM • SA TranscriptsBanco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior, S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBLX• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:45 AM • SA TranscriptsSouth State Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSSB• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsCoBiz Financial Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOBZ• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:36 AM • SA TranscriptsNordea Bank AB 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNRDEF• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:14 AM • SA TranscriptsAmeris Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesABCB• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:13 AM • SA TranscriptsThe Future Of Commercial Banking And The Large Banks: Where Are They GoingBAC, C, JPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:02 AM • John M. Mason•15 CommentsVisa: We're Going Over $100V• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:58 AM • Quad 7 Capital•27 CommentsWill Buffett Swoop In On Sprint? A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • BRK.A, BRK.B• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:30 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•11 CommentsEquity Bancshares 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEQBK• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:20 AM • SA TranscriptsCitizens Financial Group 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCFG• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:08 AM • SA TranscriptsIBERIABANK Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIBKC• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:07 AM • SA TranscriptsHuntington Bancshares Incorporated 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHBAN• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • SA TranscriptsWebster Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWBS• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:32 AM • SA TranscriptsSunTrust Banks, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSTI• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:53 AM • SA TranscriptsBank Of America: Now Is Not The Time To Run ScaredBAC• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:42 AM • Regarded Solutions•49 CommentsCYS Is Good, But I Will Take This InsteadCIM• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:39 AM • Rubicon Associates•6 CommentsVisa: Q3 Valuation UpdateV• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:26 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•22 CommentsA Preferred Exit At Ally FinancialALLY• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:55 AM • Carlton Getz•16 CommentsAssociated Banc-Corp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesASB• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:12 PM • SA TranscriptsWhy Fifth Street Senior Floating Is OvervaluedFSFR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 PM • Nicholas Marshi•26 CommentsAflac: A Cheap Dividend Aristocrat Or Value Trap?AFL• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:40 PM • Simply Safe Dividends•6 CommentsHome BancShares, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHOMB• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:47 PM • SA TranscriptsCapital One Financial Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOF• Thu, Jul. 20, 6:45 PM • SA TranscriptsPeople's United Financial, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPBCT• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:51 PM • SA TranscriptsThis 11% Yielding BDC Will Likely See Volatility SoonEditors' Pick • TPVG• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:48 PM • BDC Buzz•24 CommentsHow Banking ETFs Are Behaving Post EarningsJPM, C, WFC• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:22 PM • Zacks FundsIs MasterCard Too Expensive?MA• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:50 PM • Discount Fountain•9 CommentsVillage Farms: Experienced Grower Expands Into The Promising Canadian Cannabis IndustryVFFIF• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:49 PM • Ronny Grunwald•3 CommentsBlackstone Mortgage Trust - Strong Investment Opportunity Heading Into Earnings?BXMT• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:39 PM • Matthew Utesch•31 CommentsOrchid Island Capital: 16% Yield And Monthly Dividends - But Is It Sustainable?ORC• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:36 PM • Sure Dividend•30 CommentsWaiting For Guidance (Video)AXP• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:45 PM • Tusk MediaA Deep Dive Into BlackRock Taxable Municipal Bond Trust's PortfolioBBN• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:33 PM • David Hsu•13 CommentsCitigroup Has Done ItC• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:31 PM • Quad 7 Capital•15 CommentsWells Fargo: From Top Dog To What Now?WFC• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:22 PM • Jonathan Weber•13 CommentsMorgan Stanley, Go; Goldman Sachs, No GoMS• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:15 PM • John M. Mason•2 CommentsAmbac Financial Group (AMBC) Segregated Account Rehabilitation Exit Plan - SlideshowAMBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:59 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsTravelers: Even Weathermen Can't Predict WeatherTRV• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:19 PM • Quad 7 Capital•2 CommentsAmerican Express: I Just Don't See ItAXP• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:00 PM • Quad 7 Capital•11 CommentsBancorpSouth Inc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBXS• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:46 PM • SA TranscriptsSynchrony Financial: Worth A Look Heading Into The Q2 2017 Earnings ReleaseSYF• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:17 PM • WG Investment Research•4 CommentsWells Fargo Second Quarter Results: Buy MoreWFC• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:04 PM • The First Mover•3 CommentsMetLife: What Are Brighthouse Spin-Off Shares Really Worth?MET• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:46 AM • Renaissance Research•18 CommentsTriumph Bancorp 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTBK• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:45 AM • SA TranscriptsGladstone Commercial Corp.: Dilutive Equity Offering Will Eliminate Dividend CoverageGOOD• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:39 AM • Old Time REITster•22 CommentsF.N.B. Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFNB• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:31 AM • SA TranscriptsCohen & Steers, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCNS• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:26 AM • SA TranscriptsVisa - Ready For Prime?V• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:21 AM • The Virtuous Cycle•20 CommentsThe Travelers Companies, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTRV• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:00 AM • SA TranscriptsThe More Farmland The BetterFPI• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:54 AM • Turtle Tree Capital Ltd.•11 CommentsConsolidated-Tomoka Land Co 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCTO• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:53 AM • SA TranscriptsBank Of America Second Quarter Earnings: Still MediocreBAC• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:52 AM • John M. Mason•14 CommentsMUI: Investment Opportunity For Investors On The Sidelines?MUI• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:51 AM • Maks Financial Services•12 CommentsKeyCorp: Beat And Raise Pushing Stock Down?KEY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:48 AM • D.M. Martins Research•1 CommentBB&T Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBBT• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:42 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentThe Bank of New York Mellon Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBK• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:18 AM • SA Transcripts123456...657Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Vodafone Group's (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao on Q1 2018 Trading Update Conference Call (Transcript)


VOD•
      Sat, Jul. 22,  5:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•15 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 




123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 





Ramin Kamfar | Entrepreneurship



Ramin Kamfar | Entrepreneurship | Welcome to Ramin Kamfar's Page on Entrepreneurship





































Ramin Kamfar | Entrepreneurship


    						Welcome to Ramin Kamfar's Page on Entrepreneurship    					
See More










Ramin Kamfar

Ramin Kamfar is the founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Bluerock Real Estate. Mr. Ramin Kamfar also serves as the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT (NYSE MKT: BRG), and the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Total Income (plus) Real Estate Fund (TIPRX), a closed-end interval fund organized by Bluerock.
Ramin Kamfar has over 20 years of experience in various aspects of real estate, mergers and acquisitions, private equity investing, and investment banking. Mr. Kamfar started his career as an investment banker at Lehman Brothers Inc., where he specialized in mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Ramin Kamfar left Lehman to focus on private equity investing, and over a decade executed a growth/consolidation strategy to build a startup into a leading public company in the ‘fast casual’ market now known as Einstein Noah Restaurant Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: BAGL) with approximately 800 locations and $400 million in gross revenues. Mr. Kamfar also previously served as an active investor, advisor and member of the Board of Directors of Vsource, Inc., a technology company subsequently sold to Symphony House (KL: SYMPHNY), a leading business process outsourcing company focused on the Fortune 500 and Global 500.
Mr. RaminKamfar received an M.B.A. degree with distinction in Finance from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and a B.S. degree with distinction in Finance from the University of Maryland.





Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Comment 
 

 

 



Search for:


Links Homepage
Bluerock Real Estate

Categories 
Entrepreneurship

Ramin Kamfar

Social Entrepreneurship


  


























Ramin Kamfar | Bluerock Real Estate | Email CEO @bluerockre.com CFO 















































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL






















































 




                    Bluerock Real Estate





bluerockre.com





712 Fifth Avenue,                 
                 
New York, NY 10019
Phone: 212-843-1601
Fax: 248-226-5820










 














Type:

                    Private                
Employees:

50 - 99

Revenue: 

5 - 10 Million

Industry:  
                    Services->Real Estate                
SIC Code:  
                     Unavailable 
















View:




Employees



IT Intelligence



News



Currently Hiring




Historical Trends









 IT INTELLIGENCE











No Categories





No Products Found












Helpful Hint
The Inside View displays a list of technologies and products used internally at a company




                        F
                        i
                        r
                        e
                        w
                        a
                        l
                        l
                  








Show All Analytics
CMS
OS
Other
Site Performance










Google Analytics
Google Analytics shows you the full customer picture across ads and videos, websites and social tools, tablets and smartphones. That makes it easier to serve your current customers and win new ones.






WordPress
WordPress - popular blogging platform






iPhone OS
iOS is a popular Smartphone Operating System



Sign up to see all













Helpful Hint
The Outside View displays all the technologies and devices which can be seen on the Internet





 NEWS AND BACKGROUND
 NEWS AND BACKGROUND








Company in the News



                                            December 07, 2016 - New Hire
 NameTitle Jeffrey SchwaberCEO of Bluerock Capital Markets
Read Entire Article



 Sign up to see all press events 









Background

                                       Full company description is available with the free trial.            


















Name 
Email Address
Department 
Get Data











                                        Ramin Kamfar                                    

Title: Founder and Chief Executive Officer







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Jordan Ruddy                                    

Title: COO








Free Trial For Email


Operations

export









                                        Jerold Novack                                    

Title: SEVP/CFO








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        James Babb                                    

Title: Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export









                                        Ryan Macdonald                                    

Title: SVP Investments








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Christopher Vohs                                    

Title: Chief Accounting Officer








Free Trial For Email


Finance

export









                                        Michael Konig                                    

Title: SVP Secretary and General Counsel







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Sori Farsheed                                    

Title: SVP  Business Development








Free Trial For Email


Sales - Marketing

export









                                        Phillip Mendlow                                    

Title: SVP Development Manager








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Patricia Anderson                                    

Title: Vice President of Property Management








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Jeffrey Schwaber                                    

Title: CEO of Bluerock Capital Markets







                         No Email Avail                            
Executive

export









                                        Patrick Kendall                                    

Title: Director of Property Accounting








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Josh Hoffman                                    

Title: SVP, Operations & Due Diligence








Free Trial For Email


Other

export









                                        Adam Lotterman                                    

Title: Portfolio Manager / Lead Economist








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Paul Scott                                    

Title: Manager of Fund and REIT Analysis








Free Trial For Email


Executive

export









                                        Chris Lipscomb                                    

Title: Director - Asset Management and Accounting







                         No Email Avail                            
Finance

export








Showing 1 to 
                16                                

                                    of 61 entries            

 Free Trial to view full entries 







 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION
 LEVEL AND ORGANIZATION












 HISTORICAL TRENDS
 HISTORICAL TRENDS















Yearly


Quarterly




































Weekly


Quarterly









































 
Poll Question
Date Created
Current Result
Votes








Only for logged in user.




Additional Info:
Bluerock Real Estate, a business led by CEO Ramin Kamfar, is part of the Real estate industry. Bluerock Real Estate email  with the @bluerockre.com format, you can check their Lead411 profile. They hold their main office in New York, NY and more data like cfo contacts and linkedin data can be found within our profiles.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bluerockre.com addresses.


Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.


Ceo Reference:
Ramin Kamfar
A New York, NY-based organization, Bluerock Real Estate is just one of the many Lead411 profiles that you can find contact information, like phone numbers and emails. Their profile includes @bluerockre.com email addresses, as well as details on Ramin Kamfar's email, the organization's Founder and Chief Executive Officer. Their profile can be found in Real estate category. If you also need twitter, facebook, linkedin, wiki, and biography details for Ramin Kamfar, you can also find them in Lead411.  Some possible email formats for Ramin Kamfar are RKamfar@bluerockre.com, Ramin.Kamfar@bluerockre.com, Ramin@bluerockre.com, and Ramin_Kamfar@bluerockre.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@bluerockre.com addresses.


Similar Companies:
Argent Trading
Argent Trading, a company that works within the Real estate industry. Their profile on Lead411 presents significant contact information such as cfo contacts, phone numbers, linkedin data, and Argent Trading email addresses with the @argenttrading.comdomain format. They have their head office in New York, NY.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@argenttrading.com addresses.
Brookfield Office Properties
Brookfield Office Properties is a New York, NY-based company working within the Real estate industry. You can find Brookfield Office Properties email format addresses here with the domain @brookfieldofficeproperties.com.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@brookfieldofficeproperties.com addresses.
Millward Brown
This member of the Real estate industry is located in New York, NY and you can find important contact information regarding significant company contacts on their Lead411 profile like linkedin, phone numbers, facebook and cfo details. The profile also contains Millward Brown email addresses which have a domain of @millwardbrown.com format.  If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@millwardbrown.com addresses.




Company Directory > Bluerock Real Estate






































Ramin Kamfar (@RaminKamfar) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Ramin Kamfar



@RaminKamfar












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
181
            



Following
Following
70



Followers
Followers
37



Likes
Likes
17

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @RaminKamfar

Mute @RaminKamfar



Follow


      Following
  

      Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Ramin Kamfar



@RaminKamfar


Ramin Kamfar is the Founder, Chairman, and CEO of @Bluerockre, a national #realestate investing firm headquartered out of New York City. http://raminkamfar.biz 



Manhattan, NY




 
    about.me/kamfarramin
  




Joined October 2015












                1 Photo or video
                
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @RaminKamfar
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @RaminKamfar
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Ramin Kamfar followed
        

























Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#Tips for Creating a City Garden https://nyti.ms/2sZVPu5  via @nytimes









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jul 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A Positive Outlook May Be Good for Your #Health https://nyti.ms/2nmJhbu  via @nytimes









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jul 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How to Flip a House: 7 Signs You'll Rake in Huge Profits http://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/how-to-flip-a-house-signs-investment/?cid=soc_shares_article_tw … via @realtordotcom #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jul 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







5 Tips for Real Estate Crowdfunding http://money.usnews.com/investing/articles/2017-06-14/5-tips-for-real-estate-crowdfunding?src=usn_tw … #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jul 3






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why Millennials Are Interested In Real Estate Investing via @forbes http://www.forbes.com/sites/navathwal/2017/05/17/why-millennials-are-interested-in-real-estate-investing/#3b59d6c4a20c … #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Investing in real estate with a full-time job https://www.inman.com/2017/06/05/what-it-takes-to-invest-in-real-estate-when-you-have-a-full-time-job/ … #REI #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How To Develop A Localized Real Estate Investment Strategy via @forbeshttp://www.forbes.com/sites/ingowinzer/2017/06/08/how-to-develop-a-localized-real-estate-investment-strategy/#68694ecf4fcb …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Hudson's Bay could face pressure to monetize a portion of its $10 billion-plus real estate portfolio http://cnb.cx/2sXrHNE  via @CNBC









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Qatar looks to make a dent in NYC luxury real estate http://nyp.st/2tkxbkR  via @nypost #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The Rise Of Virtual Reality In Real Estate via @forbes http://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2017/06/13/the-rise-of-virtual-reality-in-real-estate/#2f08d2b31989 … #realestate









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 19






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? https://www.geekwire.com/2017/amazon-stock-vs-seattle-real-estate-better-investment/ … via @GeekWire









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Real Estate Investment Trusts Are The New Money Market Funds via @forbeshttp://www.forbes.com/sites/kenkam/2017/04/28/real-estate-investment-trusts-are-the-new-money-market-funds/#430e067428d1 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Become a Real Estate Investor With 3 Easy Investmentshttp://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/real-estate-investor/?cid=soc_shares_article_tw …









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The beauty of trusts for real estate investing clients https://www.financial-planning.com/news/the-beauty-of-trusts-for-real-estate-investing-clients … #realestate









0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







7 Pointers For Newbie Real Estate Investment Professionals https://youtu.be/vto_36QiGqc  via @YouTube #REI









0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 14






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Become a Real Estate Investor With 3 Easy Investments http://www.realtor.com/advice/buy/real-estate-investor/?cid=soc_shares_article_tw … via @realtordotcom #REI









0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 12






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why #Millennials Are Interested In Real Estate Investing via @forbes http://www.forbes.com/sites/navathwal/2017/05/17/why-millennials-are-interested-in-real-estate-investing/#e0d851aa20ce … #REI









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Understanding Online Real Estate Lending As An Investment Strategy via @forbeshttp://www.forbes.com/sites/forbesrealestatecouncil/2017/05/25/understanding-online-real-estate-lending-as-an-investment-strategy/#10fd9d834994 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A Brooklyn Condo Sells for a Record $15 Million via @NYTimeshttps://nyti.ms/2nI8LC2 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ramin Kamfar‏ @RaminKamfar

Jun 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







David Bowie's Former NYC Condo Hits the Market for $6.5Mhttp://www.realtor.com/news/celebrity-real-estate/david-bowie-former-nyc-condo/?cid=soc_shares_article_tw …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @RaminKamfar hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow







Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user






















