


CMTL Edwin Kantor Insider Trades for Comtech Telecommunications Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

                  NASDAQ: CMTL
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Comtech Telecommunications Corp.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:33 p.m.


CMTL

/quotes/zigman/70349/composite


$
18.69




Change

-0.0037
-0.02%

Volume
Volume 8,789
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/70349/composite
Previous close

$
			18.74
		


$
				18.69
			
Change

-0.05
-0.27%





Day low
Day high
$18.58
$18.89










52 week low
52 week high

            $9.52
        

            $19.80
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Edwin Kantor



Mr. Edwin Kantor is Lead Independent Director at Comtech Telecommunications Corp. and Chairman at S2K Partners LLC. He is on the Board of Directors at Comtech Telecommunications Corp.
Mr. Kantor was previously employed as Vice Chairman-Investment Banking by Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Chairman by BK Financial Services LLC, Co-Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer by Brenner Securities Corp, Co-Chairman & Co-Chief Executive Officer by HCFP Brenner Securities LLC, Vice Chairman by Barington Capital Group LP, Co-Chief Executive Officer by TPB Financial Services LLC, and Vice Chairman by Drexel Burnham Lambert, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/14/2016
3,000


 
Disposition at $10.95 per share.


32,850


04/14/2015
2,527


 
Disposition at $31.51 per share.


79,626


04/13/2015
2,473


 
Disposition at $31.64 per share.


78,246


04/10/2015
10,000


 
Disposition at $31.57 per share.


315,700


04/10/2015
15,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $28.84 per share.


432,600


04/01/2015
210


 
Disposition at $29.79 per share.


6,256


06/02/2014
11,491


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $32.21 per share.


370,126


06/02/2014
12,500


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $29.61 per share.


370,125


04/11/2014
1,000


 
Disposition at $31.8 per share.


31,800


04/10/2014
1,250


 
Disposition at $31.8 per share.


39,750


04/08/2014
1,000


 
Disposition at $32.1 per share.


32,100


04/07/2014
1,000


 
Disposition at $32 per share.


32,000


10/18/2013
2,000


 
Disposition at $29.18 per share.


58,360


06/05/2013
2,076


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


07/24/2012
11,250


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $3.78 per share.


42,525





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Fred  Kornberg 
Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer




Mr. Michael  Galletti 
Chief Operating Officer




Mr. Michael D. Porcelain 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer & Senior VP




Mr. Michael  Atcheson 
President-Command & Control Technologies Group




Mr. John  Branscum 
Senior Vice President




Mr. Richard L. Burt 
Senior Vice President




Dr. Yacov A. Shamash 
Director




Ms. Nancy  Stallone 
Secretary




Mr. Robert G. Paul 
Independent Director




Mr. Lawrence J. Waldman 
Independent Director




Mr. Edwin  Kantor 
Lead Independent Director




Mr. Ira S. Kaplan 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




12:29 AM EDT
July 22, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:34pCharges dropped after ‘London Whale’ accused Jamie Dimon of making him a fall guy
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.







Comtech Announces Appointment of Edwin Kantor as Lead Independent Director (NASDAQ:CMTL)









 








  
                    
                    
                           



« Previous Release | Next Release »














September 27, 2011

Comtech Announces Appointment of Edwin Kantor as Lead Independent Director

MELVILLE, N.Y., Sept. 27, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Comtech Telecommunications Corp. (Nasdaq:CMTL) today announced that, as part of its ongoing review of its corporate governance practices, the independent directors of the Board of Directors (the "Board") have appointed Edwin Kantor as lead independent director. Fred Kornberg, Comtech's Chief Executive Officer and President will continue to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Chairman").

Mr. Kantor has been a director of Comtech since 2001 and serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee (the "Committee") of the Board of Directors. Since August 2009, the Committee has held eight meetings to review and recommend to the Board various changes to Comtech's corporate governance practices. Recent changes enacted by the Company include:



  the adoption of written Corporate Governance Guidelines,


  the requirement that directors adhere to Comtech's Standards of Business Conduct and certify, in writing on an annual basis, that they have and will abide by such standards,


  enhanced guidelines related to related party transactions,


  the adoption of individual incentive bonus award limits for executives,


  the adoption of equity ownership guidelines for certain executive officers, and


  the adoption of "robust" stock ownership guidelines as defined by Institutional Shareholder Services Inc. ("ISS") for both the CEO and the Company's Board.



 The new role of lead independent director is intended to include responsibilities such as: presiding at all meetings at which the Chairman is not present (including executive sessions of the independent directors), serving as a liaison between the Chairman (and management) and the independent directors, approving information sent to the Board and approving meeting agendas and time schedules for the Board. Comtech's lead independent director also has the authority to call meetings of independent directors.


 "Ed is extremely well suited for this role and I look forward to continuing to work closely with him and all of the members of the Board going forward," said Fred Kornberg, President and Chief Executive Officer of Comtech.

Mr. Kantor commented, "I am pleased and honored to be appointed as lead independent director. I look forward to serving in this important strategic and governance role."

Mr. Kantor has served as Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. since 2009. Previously, he served as Chairman of BK Financial Services LLC. He also served as Co-Chief Executive Officer of TPB Financial Services and was Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer of HCFP/Brenner Securities from 1999 to 2001. He was Vice Chairman of Barington Capital Group from 1993 to 1999. Prior to joining Barington, Mr. Kantor spent 37 years in the securities industry with Drexel Burnham Lambert and its predecessor firms, where he held various positions, including serving as the firm's Vice Chairman.

About Comtech

Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs, develops, produces and markets innovative products, systems and services for advanced communications solutions. The Company believes many of its solutions play a vital role in providing or enhancing communication capabilities when terrestrial communications infrastructure is unavailable, inefficient or too expensive. The Company conducts business through three complementary segments: telecommunications transmission, RF microwave amplifiers and mobile data communications. The Company sells products to a diverse customer base in the global commercial and government communications markets. The Company believes it is a market leader in the market segments that it serves.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements


 Certain information in this press release contains forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, information relating to the Company's future performance and financial condition, plans and objectives of the Company's management and the Company's assumptions regarding such future performance, financial condition, and plans and objectives that involve certain significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors not under the Company's control which may cause its actual results, future performance and financial condition, and achievement of plans and objectives of the Company's management to be materially different from the results, performance or other expectations implied by these forward-looking statements. These factors include the nature and timing of receipt of, and the Company's performance on, new or existing orders that can cause significant 
fluctuations in net sales and operating results; the timing and funding of government contracts; adjustments to gross profits on long-term contracts; risks associated with international sales, rapid technological change, evolving industry standards, frequent new product announcements and enhancements, changing customer demands, changes in prevailing economic and political conditions; risks associated with the Company's legal proceedings and other matters; risks associated with the Company's BFT-1 contract, including the Company's ongoing negotiations with the U.S. Army and pending audit of its BFT-1 contract; risks associated with the Company's obligations under its revolving credit facility; and other factors described in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC").

Important Information

Comtech plans to file with the SEC and mail to its stockholders a proxy statement in connection with its 2011 Annual Meeting. Investors and security holders are urged to read the proxy statement relating to the 2011 Annual Meeting and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC when they become available, because they will contain important information. Investors and security holders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement and other documents (when available) that Comtech files with the SEC at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and Comtech's website at www.comtechtel.com. In addition, the proxy statement and other documents filed by Comtech with the SEC may be obtained from Comtech free of charge by directing a request to Comtech Telecommunications Corp., Attn: Investor Relations, 68 South Service Road, Suite 230, Melville, New York 11747.

Certain Information Regarding Participants

Comtech, its directors and certain executive officers and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of Comtech's security holders in connection with its 2011 Annual Meeting. Security holders may obtain information regarding the names, affiliations and interests of such individuals in Comtech's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended July 31, 2011, which will be filed on September 27, 2011, and its proxy statement for the 2010 Annual Meeting, which was filed with the SEC on November 8, 2010. To the extent holdings of Comtech securities have changed since the amounts printed in the proxy statement for the 2010 
Annual Meeting, such changes have been or will be reflected on Statements of Change in Ownership on Form 4 filed with the SEC. Additional information regarding the interests of such individuals can also be obtained from the proxy statement relating to the 2011 Annual Meeting when it is filed by Comtech with the SEC. These documents (when available) may be obtained free of charge from the SEC's website at www.sec.gov and Comtech's website at www.comtechtel.com.



 PCMTL
CONTACT: Media Contacts:

         Michael D. Porcelain, Senior Vice President

         and Chief Financial Officer

         631-962-7000

         info@comtechtel.com






Source: Comtech Telecommunications Corp.

News Provided by Acquire Media

Close window | Back to top






Copyright 2017 Comtech Telecommunications Corp.









 


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






Meet the Credit Suisse Mafia,  Some of Real Estate's Most Powerful Financiers - Capital Markets














 


























SUBSCRIBE










Home



Choose your city
National
Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Boston
Charlotte
Chicago
Dallas-Ft. Worth
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indianapolis
London
Los Angeles
Minneapolis
Nashville
New Jersey
New York
Orange County
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Portland
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
Silicon Valley
South Florida
Toronto
Washington DC

Cities



TV


Events


View All



Choose your city
Data Center Investment Conference & Expo, East
Bisnow's National Industrial Event
Data Center Investment Conference & Expo, South
Bisnow's Big Retail South Event
Big West Coast Office Expo
Sixth Annual Bisnow Lodging Investment Summit
Data Center Investment Conference & Expo, Midwest
Ascent East 2017
Bisnow's Big South Office Event
Escape

Full-Day Premium Events





Choose your city
National
Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Boston
Charlotte
Chicago
Dallas-Ft. Worth
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indianapolis
London
Los Angeles
Minneapolis
Nashville
New Jersey
New York
Oakland
Orange County
Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
Silicon Valley
South Florida
Toronto
Vancouver
Washington DC

View by City





Choose your topic
Capital Markets
Construction & Dev
Data Center
Healthcare
Hotel
Industrial
Mixed-Use
Multifamily
Office
Property Management
Retail
State of Market

View by Topic



Apply to Speak
Sponsor an Event




Jobs


Edu


About



E-Newsletters


Subscribe for Free

Contact Us
Advertise and Sponsor
About Bisnow
Careers
Press






My Newsletters
My Purchases
My Info
Log Out







GO






Log In


Sign Up








GO






 




United States News
National Real Estate News





Contact Us















News
Meet the Credit Suisse Mafia,  Some of Real Estate's Most Powerful Financiers




National
Capital Markets


National
Capital Markets


March 06, 2015



			Aisha Carter, Bisnow, New York
		









In 2009 the rug was pulled out from under Credit Suisse as legal troubles spawned a mass exodus. But that didn’t destroy the global financial services juggernaut’s strong network. In fact, several went on to make quite a splash in the industry. Here’s a look at some key players then and what they’re up to now:
1) Steven Kantor
Then: MD in charge of all leverage finance
Now: Co-Founder of CCRE and CEO of S2K Partners
Son of Edwin Kantor, he apparently rides around Manhattan in a customized, chauffeured Mercedes Sprinter with a built-in office, massage chairs and two big-screen TVs. Steve had a meteoric rise at Credit Suisse where he was in charge of real estate finance and securitization and eventually running global real estate investment banking. In 2006 he was put in charge of all leverage finance. After leaving Credit Suisse, he hopped on board Cantor Fitzgerald, where he became one of three co-founders of Cantor Commercial Real Estate (CCRE). Now inactive at CCRE, he and his father have their own company, S2K Partners, a private equity firm that invests in media, entertainment and leisure. He notably joined forces with American idol creator Simon Fuller to bid on the $400M-plus Standard Hotel last year.
2) Anthony Orso
Then: Co-Head of Credit Suisse Real Estate Direct Group
Now: Co-Founder and Co-CEO of CCRE
The real estate-bred Staten island native closed over $24B worth of loans while at Credit Suisse. He headed to Cantor Fitzgerald in 2009, where he helped launch CCRE, the firm’s commercial lending arm, in 2010. CCRE has closed more than $24B in loans so far, was ranked the No. 1 Fastest Growing Company by Crain’s NY, and in 2013 it was ranked #1 in U.S Multi-Borrower CMBS by Balance. And it’s managed almost entirely by Credit Suisse alumni. But it’s not all about the Benjamins for Orso. He also serves on the Board of Directors for Big Brothers Big Sisters of New York.
3) Michael Lehrman
Then: Co-Head of Credit Suisse Real Estate Direct Group
Now: Co-Founder and Co-CEO of CCRE, CEO BGC Real Estate
At Credit Suisse he and Orso were responsible for over $100B in North American real estate loan origination. Like Orso, Lehrman joined Cantor Fitzgerald in 2009, helping found CCRE. CCRE defied the odds, becoming one of the most active CMBS lenders in the market by headcount and loan count. And many of its members are from the old team at Credit Suisse. In 2013 Commercial Observer named Lehrman, along with partner Orso and Cantor Fitzgerald CEO Howard Lutnick among the “50 Most Important People in Real Estate Finance.”
4) Lawrence Britvan
Then: Senior Member of the Real Estate Finance Group
Now: Co-Head of Origination and Capital Markets of CCRE
This former attorney left Credit Suisse for Cantor Fitzgerald in 2009, eventually becoming a member of the management team at CCRE. Soon CCRE would help Cantor securitize $3.1B in loans in 2012 (almost twice as much as in 2011) and $4.5B in 2013.
5) Michael May
Then: MD and senior member of the Real Estate Finance Group at Credit Suisse
Now: COO at CCRE
May joined Cantor Fitzgerald in 2012 bringing 30-plus years' experience in capital markets, residential mortgage and multifamily mortgage, and years of overseeing origination and distribution of CMBS and other real estate related products at Credit Suisse. May’s main focus is on expanding CCRE, which now has a presence in New York, LA, San Francisco, Chicago, Atlanta, DC and other major markets, and opened offices in Boston last year.
6) Robert Brennan
Then: Global Head of the Real Estate Finance and Securitization (REFS) Business at Credit Suisse
Now: Senior MD of Guggenheim Partners and Principal and Senior MD at Pillar Multifamily
A pioneer of the modern CMBS industry and one of the CRE Finance Council’s original members, Brennan took his extensive Wall Street background, and 18 years at Credit Suisse to Guggenheim Partners’ Commercial Real Estate Finance Group (GCREF) in 2010 and leading Pillar Multifamily to a servicing portfolio of $20B-plus in only three years. Recent GCREF transactions including a $50M Office in Denver, CO, and a $49M mixed-use space in Naples, FL. He’s also on the Board of Trustees at the University of Vermont.
7) Anand Gajjar
Then: Senior Member of the Real Estate Finance and Securitization Group at Credit Suisse
Now: CEO of Pillar Multifamily LLC, and Senior Member of the Commercial Real Estate Finance Group (GCREF)
After spending years at Credit Suisse launching and building out commercial real estate products and businesses and serving as Managing Director in the Alternative Investments Group within the Asset Management Division, Anand joined Guggenheim Partners in 2010. In other interesting news, he and wife Rita had trouble selling their penthouse at 8 Thomas St because residents complained of gas fumes from McDonald's delivery trucks (making for a rather unhappy meal).
8) Michelle Paretti
Then: MD who headed up the small-balance loan program
Now: COO of Pillar Multifamily, COO of Guggenheim Commercial Real Estate Finance
One of 2008’s Women Worth Watching, Michelle Paretti joined Guggenheim Partners in 2011 as Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer. She runs its new USD $1M to USD $10M small-balance CMBS platform. She also volunteers at her alma mater, Fairleigh Dickinson University.
9) Jon Trauben
Then: Head of High Yield Real Estate and Loan Syndications for the Americas at Credit Suisse
Now: Head of Subordinate Debt Origination at Barclays Capital
Trauben took a stop at Cantor Fitzgerald, serving as Director and Head of Capital Markets, High Yield Real Estate and Loan Syndication, before hopping over to the Barclays Capital CMBS team in 2011. The London-based company has a history that dates all the way back to goldsmith banking on Lombard Street in 1690. Today it has over 25,000 employees in over 29 countries with roughly $2.2T in total assets in 2013.
10) Peter Smith
Then: MD at Credit Suisse
Now: MD at Ladder Capital
This veteran real estate lender has debt product experience ranging from workouts to mezzanine loans and CMBS origination. After Credit Suisse, he was a Principal and Managing Director at Aion Partners before landing at Ladder Capital. Ladder Capital, with Smith representing, is responsible for providing a $150M first rate mortgage loan including a $25M mezzanine loan to the original home of the Metropolitan Museum at 681 Fifth Ave in 2011.


										Related Topics:  Credit Suisse,  Ladder Capital Finance,  CCRE,  Anthony Orso,  Barclays,  Cantor Fitzgerald,  Guggenheim Partners,  Robert Brennan,  Michael Lehrman,  Peter Smith,  Michael May,  Jon Trauben,  Steven Kantor,  Lawrence Britvan,  Anand Gajjar,  Michelle Paretti,  Pillar Multifamily,  GCREF 








Sign up for more articles like this












Confirmed! You are subscribed to the Bisnow National E-Newsletter.
        Complete Profile














Free National E-Newsletter









I accept the terms of use


Sign Up for Free!




E-Newsletter Sign Up

Confirmed! You are subscribed to the Bisnow National E-Newsletter.
Complete Profile



















Most Read Stories




1
A Dozen Disruptions: Amazon's Pursuit Of Massive Market Share In 12 Major Industries

National
Technology


National
Tech


												July 20, 2017
											




2
Amazon To Take On Zillow, Redfin With New Real Estate Referral Feature?

National
Home


National



												July 16, 2017
											




3
Valuing Whole Foods Stores After The $13.7B Amazon Deal

National
Retail


National
Retail


												July 17, 2017
											




4
High Net Worth Investors Turn From Hedge Funds To Real Estate

National
Capital Markets


National
Capital Markets


												July 19, 2017
											




5
3 Real Estate Exit Strategies For 2017

National


National


												July 20, 2017
											




More Top Stories














SHARE STORY
or click here to copy link to clipboard







From:







To (use comma to separate multiple addresses):













CLOSE


SEND






Email Storyx






From



To













x



National Event Popup





CLOSE













































 






Edwin Kantor | Financial Advisor in New York, New York








 








 






  sftffxtcsyxdxcubdtvsrwfatcyvsbsfwt






					Investment Advisors				

					Online Brokers				



				More 





 Search






							Financial Advisors							×














 
















Menu


See All Financial Advisors
Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








					Edwin Kantor				


Financial Advisor OverviewEmploymentEducation and CertificationMoreDisclosuresContact InfoHelpful Links 








Edwin Kantor



Financial Advisor Overview




Employment




Education and Certification




Disclosures




Contact Info




Helpful Links




References










 See all Financial Advisors				

 Guide				




Share



















Edwin Kantor New York, New York

 






S2K Financial, LLCBroker0 disclosures  
See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 

 

See all Financial Advisors 5-Star Rated Advisors 












Advertisement


ShareFinancial Advisor OverviewEdwin  Kantor is a financial advisor employed by S2K Financial, LLC in New York, New York. Edwin maintains the following registrations:BrokerEdwin Kantor is registered with FINRA as a Broker (sometimes referred to as a broker-dealer registered rep, or RR). Brokers are the sales personnel who work for larger brokerage firms. These firms (also known as broker-dealers) are in the business of buying and selling securities such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and other investment-related products. These firms are also registered with FINRA and can engage in securities transactions on behalf of its customers (as broker) or for its own account (as dealer).
Advisor data current as of February 19, 2017
Fees and ServicesIndividual CRD#:263955Types of fees charged:CommissionsClick here to sort and filter a list of financial advisors based on years of experience >> 





Advertisement


ShareEmployment DetailsCurrent FirmS2K Financial, LLCFirm CRD#: 248786Type: Brokerage FirmRegulated By: FINRAOther AdvisorsAdvisors at S2K Financial, LLCAdvisors in New YorkAdvisors with Barrons RatingMoreAdvisors at S2K Financial, LLC



Above is a partial list of advisors working at S2K Financial, LLC. Credio's Financial Advisors website contains 731,207 advisors, with options to sort and filter by city, company, years experience and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors at S2K Financial, LLC, or set the filter for a specific city.See all Advisors at  S2K Financial, LLC >>Advisors in New York



See all Advisors in  New York >>Advisors with Barrons Rating



See all Advisors with  Barrons Rating >> 





Advertisement


ShareEducation and CertificationFinancial Advisor CertificationA list of Edwin Kantor's passed exams is unavailable at this time.More information about each type of exam can be found on Credio's Financial Exams website. 

 


Credio is a finance site that uses Graphiq’s semantic technology to deliver deep insights via data-driven articles, visualizations and research tools.


										Deep insights from finance data. Knowledge delivered. ›
									









ShareFINRA DisclosuresDisclosures SummaryFinancial Advisors are obligated to disclose any events that may influence their professional conduct or ability to advise their clients. Disclosure events can be criminal matters, regulatory actions, civil judicial proceedings, customer complaints, employment terminations, arbitrations, civil litigations or other financial matters in which the advisor has been involved.Edwin Kantor had no reported disclosure events as of the most recent filing submitted to FINRA.This information may be verified by entering the advisor's Individual CRD Number (#263955) on the SEC's Investment Advisor Public Disclosure (IAPD) website, or by using FINRA's BrokerCheck tool.View a complete list of all Financial Advisors in our database >> 





Advertisement


ShareContact InformationEdwin Kantor - New York, New York



Address
777 Third Avenue, 28th FloorNew York,  New York 10017



 
Still searching for the right advisor? Try the Financial Advisors homepage, where you can sort and filter 731,207 U.S. registered Advisors by fee type, advisory services, location and more. You can click the button below to view all advisors in New York, or set the filter for more advanced specific criteria.See all Financial Advisors in New York  >> 

 







ShareOther Helpful LinksFor those interested in managing some of your investments on your own we have more research tools that may be of assistance. Below is a sample list of funds from our Mutual Funds Research Topic, where you can sort and filter mutual funds based on annual performance, ratings, fees and much more. We also publish an up-to-date Online Brokers Research Topic which lists current promotions and a Smart Rating Score for each firm.Mutual Funds Research Topic



Find Highest-Rated  Mutual Funds  >>Data updated on February 19, 2017 via the following sources:SEC Investment Advisor Public Dislcosure: adviserinfo.sec.govFINRA BrokerCheck: brokercheck.finra.orgPersonalize your pageUpload a profile photoMaintain sole access to edit rightsRespond to user reviewsReceive real-time updates for activity on your listing 





Advertisement





×






References




Sources: SEC, FINRA, and Xignite, Inc.. Show details  Hide details  







Was this page helpful?

Yes
No


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 



BUSINESS PEOPLE -  Brokerage Unit Head Nominated by Drexel - NYTimes.com













































 
















Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



    Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com










Business Day





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos



















DealBook
Markets
Economy
Energy
Media
Technology
Personal Tech
Entrepreneurship
Your Money










BUSINESS PEOPLE
BUSINESS PEOPLE; Brokerage Unit Head Nominated by Drexel


By KURT EICHENWALD


Published: September 12, 1989









                    Edwin Kantor is a man who knows a lot about Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. After 34 years with the company, he has seen it grow from from a third-tier brokerage to one of Wall Street's most powerful investment houses.        

                    And yesterday, soon after the firm pleaded guilty to charges of securities law violations to conclude a three-year investigation of its activities, Drexel said that Mr. Kantor, 57 years old, would be nominated to be the chairman of the international brokerage subsidiary of Drexel Burnham Lambert Holdings Ltd.        

                    The events were unrelated, but they signaled the changes under way at Drexel as it puts the investigation behind it and reshapes its management to address the issues facing the securities industry.        

                    John S. R. Shad, the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission, became the chairman of Drexel's parent company after the firm settled outstanding charges of securities law violations with the S.E.C. in April. He will continue in the position.        

                    For Mr. Kantor, the move gives him the first chance since joining the firm to focus on long-term strategy for Drexel. ''It's very rewarding for me personally,'' he said yesterday. ''To me, it is a very, very important job. It allows me to do a lot of things that I couldn't do because of involvement in day-to-day operations.''        

                    Mr. Kantor, who was a vice chairman, is also a director of Drexel's London-based Eurobond division and of Kirchner, Moore & Company, which Drexel acquired in 1984.        

                    He added that the move was part of Drexel's effort to put a management team in place to address its future. ''The firm has to look into the 1990's, and pay attention to its future management,'' he said.        

                    In August, Drexel announced several changes in its senior management, including naming a new president and a new head of institutional equity sales and fixed-income trading.        

                    In his new position, Mr. Kantor will be responsible for the allocations of capital to Drexel's various trading divisions, as well as being in charge of the risk management function. The capital markets groups with headquarters in New York will report to him, and he will head a committee formed to find new revenue sources, Drexel said.        

                    ''We have been at the forefront of a lot of new products and new ideas,'' Mr. Kantor said. ''That is the way we are going to go into the 1990's. You can't stand still.''        








 














 



















 













 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Health &raquo 



Too Hot to Handle





Arts » 



The Harmony of Liberty




Opinion »
Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?
Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers.





Sports » 



A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray










Opinion » 



Menagerie: Streaming Eagles





U.S. »




Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat





Television » 



The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time





Book Review » 



Command Performance





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans





World »




Reading, Writing and Allegations




Opinion »
Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal
New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.





Business »




Vice Has Media Giants Salivating
















   Edwin Kantor | S2K Financial LLC | ZoomInfo.com



Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







 


Edwin Paulus
 | LinkedIn
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Edwin PaulusRegional Solution at PT. Hipernet IndodataLocationDenpasar Area, Bali, IndonesiaIndustryTelecommunicationsCurrentHypernet TechnologiesPreviousBiznet Networks (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara), Telkomsel, KISEL (OFFICIAL)EducationUniversitas 45 MataramWebsitesCompany Website500+ connectionsView Edwin’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Edwin’s Full ProfileEdwin’s ActivityTower Bersama membuka peluang untuk menempati posisi ;

1....Edwin likedSaya pernah tidak disukai seantero kantor, karena saya...Edwin likedPT ARCIGEE INDONESIA is an Executive Search company where...Edwin likedB&V's Mining and Water Team combined to deliver one of the...Edwin likedSummaryExperiences in Corporate Sales, Negotiation & Renegotiation, Business Management, Networking, Information Technology, Supply Chain Management and Safety Enviromental & External Relationship.ExperienceRegional SolutionHypernet TechnologiesJuly 2017  –  Present (1 month)Generate new deal and maintain customer regional area.Branch SupervisorBiznet Networks (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara)October 2016  –  April 2017 (7 months)Responsible in branch performance; daily operational and revenue for Business Market segmentation. Managed and directed business strategy for penetration and expanding new project coverage area.Branch SupervisorBiznet Networks (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara)October 2015  –  September 2016 (1 year)Responsible in branch performance; daily operational and revenue for Business Market segmentation. Managed and directed business strategy for penetration and expanding new project coverage area.Account ExecutiveBiznet Networks (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara)January 2015  –  September 2015 (9 months)Generate new deals and maintain customers at branch area coverageTelkomsel Site Representative PT. Newmont Nusa Tenggara ( Project )TelkomselJune 2008  –  April 2014 (5 years 11 months)Manage/Organize Operation Business Contract B2B PT. Telkomsel at PT. Newmont Nusa Tenggara Mine area batu hijau sumbawa NTB.Telkomsel Account OfficerKISEL (OFFICIAL)April 2005  –  May 2008 (3 years 2 months)Generate new deals and maintain Corporate Sales segmentation.Telkomsel Channel ManagementKISEL (OFFICIAL)January 2005  –  March 2005 (3 months)Controling Prepaid Product Distribution from Warehouse to Business Partner & Controlling Product Promotion & AdvertisingSkillsProject PlanningMarketing CommunicationsDirect SalesBusiness AnalysisMarketing StrategySales ManagementManaged ServicesNegotiationProject ManagementTelcoComputer Network OperationsProduct ManagementMobile DevicesVASMicrosoft OfficeSee 35+3GTelecommunicationsGSM2GChange ManagementContract NegotiationProcurementBusiness PlanningManagementIntegrationBusiness StrategyAccount ManagementBSSOperations ManagementBudgetsContract ManagementBusiness Process ImprovementSupply Chain ManagementHuman ResourcesTroubleshootingCustomer ServiceTeam ManagementEmployment LawMicrosoft WordPowerPointRoamingTalent ManagementMicrosoft ExcelMapInfoJob DescriptionsLeadershipStrategic PlanningSalesAnalysisEngineeringSee lessHow's this translation?Great•Has errorsThanks for your help!EducationUniversitas 45 MataramS1, LawS1, Law2002  –  2004LawUniversitas Klabat ManadoD III, Business/Managerial EconomicsD III, Business/Managerial Economics1998  –  2002ManagementLanguagesEnglishNative or bilingual proficiencyIndonesianFull professional proficiencyVolunteer Experience & CausesCauses Edwin cares about:Animal WelfareArts and CultureChildrenCivil Rights and Social ActionDisaster and Humanitarian ReliefEconomic EmpowermentEducationEnvironmentHealthHuman RightsPoliticsPoverty AlleviationScience and TechnologySocial ServicesOrganizationsBatu Hijau Photography ClubProfessional PhotographyStarting July 2008ProjectsTelkomsel Repsentative PT. Newmont Nusa Tenggara ProjectJune 2008  –  July 2014Team members: Edwin PaulusGroupsASCE: Structural EngineeringAmerican Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE)View Edwin’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Edwin directlyView Edwin’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedYudho HariArea Operation Supervisor at PT Sodexo IndonesiaKhairudin BachtiarPermit Management Head - PT. Solusi Tunas Pratama Tbkmaya faridaHR Recruiter at PT. Sodexo IndonesiaRahayu KusumaningrumSales Supervisor at Biznet Networks (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara)Nicky MaulaniRecruitment Manager at PT. Nippon Indosari Corpindo, TbkHenry DouglasPT. PANGANSARI UTAMADhimas GarendiRegional Recruitment  Head Adindana DasaadVice President Sales at Biznet (PT. Supra Primatama Nusantara)Grimaldy OnassisSenior Agency Manager at PT MNC Life AssuranceMutiara Dewi RiyantiHuman Resources Manager at SodexoPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Male Enhancement Review

















Supplement Review Digest
Supplement Guide Based On Expert Reviews and Ratings















True Male Enhancement Supplements Revealed

How You Really Can Achieve Harder, Stronger, Longer-Lasting Erections And Improve Your Sex Drive.


                    
                    

Updated 7:26 PM EST, Mon May 23, 2016.





Tom Stakleff
Senior Researcher
Mens Health and Wellness

                      I’ve probably said this to you before, but I’ll say it again: As the Senior Researcher for Men’s Health and Wellness at Supplement Review Digest, my mission is to empower you with knowledge that will help you find the best natural supplements. I want you to be able to solve your problems and change your life for the better. In regards to us men, that means I have to address some issues that none of us like to talk about—like decreased sex drive, the inability to get and stay hard, and the confusing male enhancement industry.
                
                Millions of men around the world are afflicted by age-related issues that make it difficult to gain and sustain an erection. Most of these men are between the ages of 40 and 80, like me. There are various causes of our pain, but the effects are all the same: we feel guilty, ashamed, embarrassed, and sexually frustrated. There’s nothing more emasculating than not being able to perform for our partners. Today, I’m going to help you find REAL solutions that thousands of other men have used to reinvigorate their sex lives.
First, it’s important to understand that it’s not your fault. Don’t be ashamed. The challenge of getting a hard, lasting erection is something that just naturally happens to men of our age group. You haven’t failed your partner unless you do nothing about it—but you’re reading this right now because you WILL do something about it. So, keep your head up. The struggle to stay positive is one of the first hurdles you need to get over to improve your sex life.
The next hurdle is navigating the ludicrous male enhancement market. You’ve seen all the false claims out there. Every company says they have all the answers. You could easily develop a distrust of the entire industry. A quick bit of research on PubMed (or even just Wikipedia or WebMD) will lead you to information about how some herbs really do help with sex drive and erection strength, so there must be some legitimate supplements out there. The struggle is in finding a company has the right combinations of highly-concentrated herbs, backed by research and science, and that other men use again and again because it works.
It’s no wonder I’ve gotten so many emails asking what male enhancement pills I recommend. Some of you are so sick of the malarkey that you’re ready to resort to the “blue pill.” I’m happy to tell you that you don’t have to. You don’t need to suffer from extreme headaches just to get an erection and satisfy your partner.
I’m answering your calls for help today. There ARE effective male enhancement supplements out there, and I’m going to help you find them. You can spend your money on something that is a legitimate investment in yourself and your health. Best of all, you can attain the sexual satisfaction you deserve.
The Science of Erections
You probably already know this by now, but I’m going to rehash it just in case: there are chambers in the penis that fill up with blood to make it erect. The full process is a little bit more complicated than that, but that’s the important part. So, to find an effective supplement, you need to find something that helps the blood fill the chambers and keeps them filled.
There are several factors that can complicate this process. Some of the factors are mental (depression, stress, anxiety), some are physical (circulation, hormones, diabetes). A good supplement will address these factors and counteract any effect they might be having on your sex drive.

How to Spot a Scam
               These are my top 5 red flags I use to avoid throwing money away:
            
             1. PRESCRIPTION STRENGTH. This might be obvious, but be mindful of any herbal supplement that exaggerates its effectiveness. If a company is trying to tell you that their supplement can run side-by-side with a prescription drug, immediately look to its ingredients and user reviews and let common sense be your guide.
            


2. FREE TRIAL. When a company offers to give you a free product and asks you to just pay for shipping, they enter you into a subscription as soon as you give them your credit card info. The subscription becomes nearly impossible to cancel. So, whether the product works or not, you’re stuck paying for it again and again.

       
          3. THE PRODUCT PROMISES TO ADD INCHES TO YOUR MEMBER. As I mentioned before, every penis has chambers that fill up with blood during an erection. Those chambers determine the size of an erect penis. Aside from surgery, there is no way to change the size of those chambers. There is no magic pill that permanently adds inches and girth. Some supplements will claim to “maximize size.” That’s different——that just means they promise their pill will help fully fill the existing chambers.
          
       4. IF THE WEBSITE LOOKS AMATEUR. This one is probably obvious. If the site has simple coding errors where buttons don’t line up or if there are obvious misspellings all over, be warned. If a company can’t afford to hire a decent web designer, how can they afford to develop an effective supplement?
       
         5. IF IT’S NOT MADE IN AMERICA. Foreign-made products are not subject to FDA scrutiny and might be full of ingredients that are completely worthless, or are rendered worthless by sitting in shipping crates on container ships for months at a time. Some of these supplements may do more harm than good.
          
       

How to Spot a Life-Changer
There are multiple ways to identify a good product. I reveal my full process in identifying good products later in this article. For now, here’s a general rule: Rather than look at the ingredients in the product, look at the research behind the ingredients. Don’t trust a company that doesn’t do its homework, or that won’t show it to you. A credible company will share their research with you. You know they’re confident in their product if they demonstrate that they have nothing to hide. They will be able to show you exactly how the ingredients in their product will get you these results:

  
Harder, Longer-Lasting Erections 
Improved Sex Drive 
Maximized Size 
Boosted Mood & Confidence 
Satisfied Partners 
More Intimate Love Life 
Sexual Satisfaction 



How We Rated Our Winners
Now that I have helped you avoid the time and money wasters, it’s time to fill you in on how MY search for effective supplements went. The male enhancement market is HUGE. My research team and I sorted through hundreds of the supplements out there. I’m ready to help you find the good ones.
At Supplement Review Digest, we’ve shopped around and seen it all so that you don’t have to. We’ve selected the Top 3 male enhancement supplements that I believe are actually worth your money.
These brands were selected based on the research, safety, and effectiveness of their chosen ingredients, consistently high customer reviews, and how well they performed in our in-house double-blind trials against placebos. 
My team had two groups take pills for 4 months (one group took a product, the other a placebo) and report back to us weekly with their results. Our male enhancement groups had individuals who reported improvements in ability to get and maintain erections. The placebo groups reported no gains. 
We ranked the products by which group had the highest number of erection-achieving men at the end of the trial period and by these 10 factors:


1. Customer Reviews
2. Purity of Ingredients
3. Are FDA Guidelines Followed


4. Research & Scientific Evidence
5. Speed of Expected Result
6. Customer Service


7. Types of Ingredients in Formula
8. Price
9. Return Policy









Our Top Picks




#1 RATED: ASOX9
Created by Harvard Biology Graduate, It Is Our Top Pick.						
#2 RATED: High T Black
						  Newest Product form King Fisher

#3 RATED: Steel Libido Red
						  Irvin Natural's Revamped
						  Red Formula











What You Will Learn




 ✔ How To Select The Best Product
✔ What Common Scams To Watch Out For.
✔ Which Supplements Are Backed By Studies.
✔ Top Tested Products.

 












Rating Factors






Customer Reviews 
Research & Scientific Evidence
Types of Ingredients in Formula 
Purity of ingredients 
Speed of Expected Result  
Price 
Are FDA guidelines followed? 
Customer Service 
Return Policy 











THE TOP 3 BEST ENHANCING SUPPLEMENTS REVEALED:

After a careful review of 27 products, based on 10 quality standards we’ve identified the top 3, With the #1 being the users top choice. 




#1 - ASOX9  




                        4.9/5.0
                    








Overall rating
Effectiveness
Log Lasting Results
Research Studies
Customer Reviews
Overall Rating
Guarantee









								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							
Great

								90-day-guarantee
							
 




If you ever wanted to give any male enhancement a try, this is the one we recommend to go with.
Experiment Results: 17 out of 20 men reported erection improvements over 4 months. 85%+ Success Rate.
Overview: ASOX9 was created by a researcher, and Harvard biology graduate who created the formula to help boost his own sexual performance. He spent years researching different formulas in order to undertand why many products didn't work for him, and ended up creating his own formula.  It's our top pick for the best male enhancement supplement of 2016. 

Users claim to have stronger and larger erections than ever before. Many of the users over 50 also report having an increased sex drive at an all time high and a better performance in the bedroom.

Older men say that they feel like  they are in their early 20s after an average of 1 to 3 weeks of use.

Some users report having tried many different supplements and ASOX9 to be the only one to get them completely hard and actually work for them.
Do we recomemnd it? Absolutely, it is one of the few products that users claim actually works and there is good reason for it... The Formula.

So give it a try for yourself and let us know what you think by emailing me at david.g@supplementreviewdigest.com

			      ASOX9 contains high amounts of Tong Kat Ali, Arginine, Maca, along with Oyster and Orchic Extract making it very unique. Click the learn more button to read the detailed review. Learn More or Order Here 
 








#2 - High T Black 



 4.0/5.0
                    








Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Grantee









								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  
Good
Returns acceptedwithin 30 days.
 




High T Black is the newest product from the King Fisher Company. According to their website, it improves sex drive and libido, strength and stamina, energy and vitality, and nitric oxide and muscle mass. 
Experiment Results: 14 out of 20 men reported erection improvements over 4 months. ~70% Success Rate.
                   Overview: Most users report having positive results but not as good as the claims on King Fishers website. They say that it works best if taken for 2 weeks straight or longer. 
Most mentioned benefit that we found from users was energy. The product contains 200mg of caffeine (about 2 cups of coffee) per serving.  The downside to this is if you are sensitive to caffeine, this is not a good choice for you. Also, the added caffeine could is bit dangerous for the heart. Thus, anyone with heart issues should check with their doctor prior to use.
The main ingredients include Fenugreek, Eurycoma Longfolia Extra, Rhodiola Rosea Extract, and Arginine-Arginine Alphaketoglutarate. For best results, the company recommends to taking 4 capsules per daily with water along with following a exercise routine.
It is our number 2 choice. To read the full review just click to Learn More.









#3 - Steel Libido Red 
                    		



 3.8/5.0
                    








Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Guarantee









								3.8/5.0
							






								4.0/5.0
							






								3.5/5.0
							






								4.2/5.0
							






								3.9/5.0
							
Good
Depending on Store

 





Steel Libido Red from Irvin Naturals has been on the market for a few years now. It’s a follow up formula to their original Steel Libido product. You can still buy the original formula however, we found that most customers prefer the new “Red” formula.
Experiment Results: 14 out of 20 men reported erection improvements over 4 months achieved the "same results as the number 2 choice in our trial, but when we had a staff member call their customer support pretending to be a dissatisfied customer, we were unimpressed with their service, so we used that as the tie-breaker.” ~70% Success Rate.

              Overview: Main ingredients in Steel Libido Red include L-Citrulline, Velvet Bean Extract, Ginseng, Ginkgo Balboa and Theobromine.  Most of the customer reviews we found online were positive. 
Irvin Natural’s a trusted brand and has been a staple for many men. It has positive feedback from users but not as strong as some of the other products on our list.
For best results, its recommended to take 4 softgels 60 minutes before sexual activity. The is 18.75 serving per bottle.
It is our number 3 choice. To read the full review just click Learn More.










The information presented on this website is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a medical professional. If you have any concern about your health, we strongly advise that you discuss it with your personal healthcare practitioner as soon as possible. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These Dietary Supplements are not meant to cure, treat, prevent or diagnose any disease. Results may vary and the opinions stated herein are not conclusive.



© 2016 Supplement Review Digest.


Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclosure Statement 




















Male Enhancement Review













Supplement Review Digest
Supplement Guide Based On Expert Reviews and Ratings




Toll free 24/7(888)-(401)-(4412)










Male Enhancement Buyer’s Guide
for March 2015

How To Choose An ED Supplement, That Effectively Increases Men’s Sex Drive, Erection Size,  Erection Hardness and Erection Strength.
                    
March 23, 2014
Supplement Review Digest does not often review products in the male enhancement category, but since we have received a ton of requests from men wanting our opinion on what is the most effectively male enhancement supplement on the market today, we decided to investigate and find out if these pills really live up to their claims.





(Shopping for male enhancement products can be downright difficult)


Improving bedroom performance is one of those things that every male looks for, especially if it can be done safely and without any side effects. As you get into your 40’s, the general work/life related stress levels rise, and it is natural for your libido to slow and firmness to go, in fact the national health research indicates erectile dysfunction happens to over 78% of males over 40. What this means for you is that about 8 out of 10 of your male friends over 40 are also experiencing this.                    
It is not  surprising that millions of men are turning to natural Male Enhancement for a solution. According to McKinney and Co.  Male Enhancement Industry is valued at $1.3 billion, and is projected to grow 5 or 6 percent a year through 2017.
But what we found was even with so many men purchasing these male enhancement again and again, there are a ton of reviews from disappointed customers that can be found all over the web. If there is one thing we don’t like, it's companies taking advantage of this trend by selling low grade, and  effective ED supplements.                    
As it turns out, many brands use their existing reputation and marketing-budgets to sell you medium quality products. Even worse, some put dangerous fillers such as Hydrogenated Oils and Titanium Dioxide. On the other hand some companies honestly do try to provide good quality products by using highest quality ingrediants with the same dosages as were used in human studies.
At first it may seem counterintuitive that  big brands would sell a low quality product, or that a product would be on the market without result tests, but since these are “Natural Extracts” these companies are not legally required to research results. 
The good part is We Did the reseach for you! You, our readers Identified the bellow as the most important benefits:
              1. You want to Get A Firmer Erection
2. Last Longer
3. and Increase your size
                    
                    We’ve researched the Top Erectile Dysfunction and male enhancement supplements available, and identified the top 3  products tht users said have helped them achieve these results:
                    
                    
                   


                   
            






Our Top Picks




#1 RATED: ASOX9
Created by Harvard Biology Graduate, It Is Our Top Pick.						
#2 RATED: High T Black
						  Newest Product form King Fisher

#3 RATED: Steel Libido Red
						  Irvin Natural's Revamped
						  Red Formula











What You Will Learn




 ✔ How To Select The Best Product
✔ What Common Scams To Watch Out For.
✔ "Must Avoid" Ingredients.
✔ Which Ingredients Are Backed By Studies.						  

 












Rating Factors






Customer Reviews 
Research or Scientific Evidence
Types of Ingredients in Formula 
Purity of ingredients 
Speed of Expected Result  
Price 
Are FDA guidelines followed? 
Customer Service 
Return Policy 











THE TOP 3 BEST ENHANCING SUPPLEMENTS REVEALED:
After a careful review of 27 products, based on 10 quality standards we’ve identified the top 3, With the #1 being the users top choice. 







#1 - ASOX9  




                        4.9/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Log Lasting Results
Research Studies
Customer Reviews
Overall Rating
Guarantee









								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							
Great

								90-day-guarantee
							
 




If you ever wanted to give any male enhancement a try, this is the one we recommend to go with.

ASOX9 was created by a researcher, and Harvard biology graduate who created the formula to help boost his own sexual performance. He spent years researching different formulas in order to undertand why many products didn't work for him, and ended up creating his own formula.  It's our top pick for the best male enhancement supplement of 2015. 

Users claim to have stronger and larger erections than ever before. Many of the users over 50 also report having an increased sex drive at an all time high and a better performance in the bedroom.

Older men say that they feel like  they are in their early 20s after an average of 1 to 3 weeks of use.

Some users report having tried many different supplements and ASOX9 to be the only one to get them completely hard and actually work for them.
Do we recomemnd it? Absolutely, it is one of the few products that users claim actually works and there is good reason for it... The Formula.

So give it a try for yourself and let us know what you think by emailing me at david.g@supplementreviewdigest.com

			      ASOX9 contains high amounts of Tong Kat Ali, Arginine, Maca, along with Oyster and Orchic Extract making it very unique. Click the learn more button to read the detailed review. Learn More or Order Here 
 











#2 - High T Black 



 4.0/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Grantee









								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  
Good
Returns acceptedwithin 30 days.
 




High T Black is the newest product from the King Fisher Company. According to their website, it improves sex drive and libido, strength and stamina, energy and vitality, and nitric oxide and muscle mass. 

Most users report having positive results but not as good as the claims on King Fishers website. They say that it works best if taken for 2 weeks straight or longer. 
Most mentioned benefit that we found from users was energy. The product contains 200mg of caffeine (about 2 cups of coffee) per serving.  The downside to this is if you are sensitive to caffeine, this is not a good choice for you. Also, the added caffeine could is bit dangerous for the heart. Thus, anyone with heart issues should check with their doctor prior to use.
The main ingredients include Fenugreek, Eurycoma Longfolia Extra, Rhodiola Rosea Extract, and Arginine-Arginine Alphaketoglutarate. For best results, the company recommends to taking 4 capsules per daily with water along with following a exercise routine.
It is our number 2 choice. To read the full review just click to Learn More.












#3 - Steel Libido Red 
                    		



 3.8/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Guarantee









								3.8/5.0
							






								4.0/5.0
							






								3.5/5.0
							






								4.2/5.0
							






								3.9/5.0
							
Good
Depending on Store

 





Steel Libido Red from Irvin Naturals has been on the market for a few years now. It’s a follow up formula to their original Steel Libido product. You can still buy the original formula however, we found that most customers prefer the new “Red” formula.
Main ingredients in Steel Libido Red include L-Citrulline, Velvet Bean Extract, Ginseng, Ginkgo Balboa and Theobromine.  Most of the customer reviews we found online were positive. 
Irvin Natural’s a trusted brand and has been a staple for many men. It has positive feedback from users but not as strong as some of the other products on our list.
For best results, its recommended to take 4 softgels 60 minutes before sexual activity. The is 18.75 serving per bottle.
It is our number 3 choice. To read the full review just click Learn More.











The information presented on this website is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a medical professional. If you have any concern about your health, we strongly advise that you discuss it with your personal healthcare practitioner as soon as possible. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These Dietary Supplements are not meant to cure, treat, prevent or diagnose any disease. Results may vary and the opinions stated herein are not conclusive.



© 2014 Supplement Review Digest.


Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclosure Statement 





















Male Enhancement Review













Supplement Review Digest
Supplement Guide Based On Expert Reviews and Ratings




Toll free 24/7(888)-(401)-(4412)










Male Enhancement Buyer’s Guide
for March 2015

How To Choose An ED Supplement, That Effectively Increases Men’s Sex Drive, Erection Size,  Erection Hardness and Erection Strength.
                    
March 23, 2014
Supplement Review Digest does not often review products in the male enhancement category, but since we have received a ton of requests from men wanting our opinion on what is the most effectively male enhancement supplement on the market today, we decided to investigate and find out if these pills really live up to their claims.





(Shopping for male enhancement products can be downright difficult)


Improving bedroom performance is one of those things that every male looks for, especially if it can be done safely and without any side effects. As you get into your 40’s, the general work/life related stress levels rise, and it is natural for your libido to slow and firmness to go, in fact the national health research indicates erectile dysfunction happens to over 78% of males over 40. What this means for you is that about 8 out of 10 of your male friends over 40 are also experiencing this.                    
It is not  surprising that millions of men are turning to natural Male Enhancement for a solution. According to McKinney and Co.  Male Enhancement Industry is valued at $1.3 billion, and is projected to grow 5 or 6 percent a year through 2017.
But what we found was even with so many men purchasing these male enhancement again and again, there are a ton of reviews from disappointed customers that can be found all over the web. If there is one thing we don’t like, it's companies taking advantage of this trend by selling low grade, and  effective ED supplements.                    
As it turns out, many brands use their existing reputation and marketing-budgets to sell you medium quality products. Even worse, some put dangerous fillers such as Hydrogenated Oils and Titanium Dioxide. On the other hand some companies honestly do try to provide good quality products by using highest quality ingrediants with the same dosages as were used in human studies.
At first it may seem counterintuitive that  big brands would sell a low quality product, or that a product would be on the market without result tests, but since these are “Natural Extracts” these companies are not legally required to research results. 
The good part is We Did the reseach for you! You, our readers Identified the bellow as the most important benefits:
              1. You want to Get A Firmer Erection
2. Last Longer
3. and Increase your size
                    
                    We’ve researched the Top Erectile Dysfunction and male enhancement supplements available, and identified the top 3  products tht users said have helped them achieve these results:
                    
                    
                   


                   
            






Our Top Picks




#1 RATED: ASOX9
Created by Harvard Biology Graduate, It Is Our Top Pick.						
#2 RATED: High T Black
						  Newest Product form King Fisher

#3 RATED: Steel Libido Red
						  Irvin Natural's Revamped
						  Red Formula











What You Will Learn




 ✔ How To Select The Best Product
✔ What Common Scams To Watch Out For.
✔ "Must Avoid" Ingredients.
✔ Which Ingredients Are Backed By Studies.						  

 












Rating Factors






Customer Reviews 
Research or Scientific Evidence
Types of Ingredients in Formula 
Purity of ingredients 
Speed of Expected Result  
Price 
Are FDA guidelines followed? 
Customer Service 
Return Policy 











THE TOP 3 BEST ENHANCING SUPPLEMENTS REVEALED:
After a careful review of 27 products, based on 10 quality standards we’ve identified the top 3, With the #1 being the users top choice. 







#1 - ASOX9  




                        4.9/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Log Lasting Results
Research Studies
Customer Reviews
Overall Rating
Guarantee









								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							






								4.9/5.0
							






								5.0/5.0
							
Great

								90-day-guarantee
							
 




If you ever wanted to give any male enhancement a try, this is the one we recommend to go with.

ASOX9 was created by a researcher, and Harvard biology graduate who created the formula to help boost his own sexual performance. He spent years researching different formulas in order to undertand why many products didn't work for him, and ended up creating his own formula.  It's our top pick for the best male enhancement supplement of 2015. 

Users claim to have stronger and larger erections than ever before. Many of the users over 50 also report having an increased sex drive at an all time high and a better performance in the bedroom.

Older men say that they feel like  they are in their early 20s after an average of 1 to 3 weeks of use.

Some users report having tried many different supplements and ASOX9 to be the only one to get them completely hard and actually work for them.
Do we recomemnd it? Absolutely, it is one of the few products that users claim actually works and there is good reason for it... The Formula.

So give it a try for yourself and let us know what you think by emailing me at david.g@supplementreviewdigest.com

			      ASOX9 contains high amounts of Tong Kat Ali, Arginine, Maca, along with Oyster and Orchic Extract making it very unique. Click the learn more button to read the detailed review. Learn More or Order Here 
 











#2 - High T Black 



 4.0/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Grantee









								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.0/5.0
						  






								4.6/5.0
						  
Good
Returns acceptedwithin 30 days.
 




High T Black is the newest product from the King Fisher Company. According to their website, it improves sex drive and libido, strength and stamina, energy and vitality, and nitric oxide and muscle mass. 

Most users report having positive results but not as good as the claims on King Fishers website. They say that it works best if taken for 2 weeks straight or longer. 
Most mentioned benefit that we found from users was energy. The product contains 200mg of caffeine (about 2 cups of coffee) per serving.  The downside to this is if you are sensitive to caffeine, this is not a good choice for you. Also, the added caffeine could is bit dangerous for the heart. Thus, anyone with heart issues should check with their doctor prior to use.
The main ingredients include Fenugreek, Eurycoma Longfolia Extra, Rhodiola Rosea Extract, and Arginine-Arginine Alphaketoglutarate. For best results, the company recommends to taking 4 capsules per daily with water along with following a exercise routine.
It is our number 2 choice. To read the full review just click to Learn More.












#3 - Steel Libido Red 
                    		



 3.8/5.0
                    





Overall rating
Effectiveness
Purity and Potency
Customer Service
Customer review
Overall rating
Guarantee









								3.8/5.0
							






								4.0/5.0
							






								3.5/5.0
							






								4.2/5.0
							






								3.9/5.0
							
Good
Depending on Store

 





Steel Libido Red from Irvin Naturals has been on the market for a few years now. It’s a follow up formula to their original Steel Libido product. You can still buy the original formula however, we found that most customers prefer the new “Red” formula.
Main ingredients in Steel Libido Red include L-Citrulline, Velvet Bean Extract, Ginseng, Ginkgo Balboa and Theobromine.  Most of the customer reviews we found online were positive. 
Irvin Natural’s a trusted brand and has been a staple for many men. It has positive feedback from users but not as strong as some of the other products on our list.
For best results, its recommended to take 4 softgels 60 minutes before sexual activity. The is 18.75 serving per bottle.
It is our number 3 choice. To read the full review just click Learn More.











The information presented on this website is not intended as a substitute for the advice of a medical professional. If you have any concern about your health, we strongly advise that you discuss it with your personal healthcare practitioner as soon as possible. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These Dietary Supplements are not meant to cure, treat, prevent or diagnose any disease. Results may vary and the opinions stated herein are not conclusive.



© 2014 Supplement Review Digest.


Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclosure Statement 




















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...




First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





check for social media accounts:




















This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



 Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















