

























The Experience of Nature: A Psychological Perspective: Rachel Kaplan, Stephen Kaplan: 9780521349390: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks






















































































                Books
            


             ›
         


                Health, Fitness & Dieting
            


             ›
         


                 Psychology & Counseling
             











Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 


























Share


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest




























            See All Buying Options
        






                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more










See this image












The Experience of Nature: A Psychological Perspective
Paperback

– July 28, 1989



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








Rachel Kaplan
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's Rachel Kaplan Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








Rachel Kaplan



(Author), 



Stephen Kaplan

(Author)








Be the first to review this item
















See all 4 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            















Paperback




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







$149.94




$120.62












Paperback, July 28, 1989





                                —
                            







$315.37




$65.90














Paperback 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $65.90
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          10 Used from $65.90
        
      



        
          2 New from $315.37
        
      

























 A study of the natural environment, people, and the relationship between them. The authors offer a research-based analysis of the vital psychological role that nature plays. They try to understand how people perceive nature and what kinds of natural environments they prefer.











Read more
Read less

























See all buying options










        The Experience of Nature: A Psychological Perspective
    





        
            
                        
        
        Available from these sellers.
    
























 click to open popover 








Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            With People in Mind: Design And Management Of Everyday Nature
        

Rachel Kaplan


4.0 out of 5 stars

2

Paperback$28.80 Prime





            Humanscape: Environments for People
        

Stephen Kaplan


1.0 out of 5 stars

1

Paperback24 offers from $9.13





            The Nature Fix: Why Nature Makes us Happier, Healthier, and More Creative
        

Florence Williams


4.6 out of 5 stars

30

Hardcover$18.06 Prime


Next









Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Biophilia
        

Edward O. Wilson


4.3 out of 5 stars

26

Paperback$21.75 Prime


Next











Special offers and product promotions



    Get a $75.00 statement credit after first Amazon.com purchase made with new Discover it® card within 3 months. Terms and conditions apply. See offer for details. Apply now.   





















NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE













      Tell the Publisher!
    

I'd like to read this book on Kindle

    Don't have a Kindle?  Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE  Kindle Reading App.
    










Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more









Product details


Paperback: 360 pages
Publisher: Cambridge University Press; 1St Edition edition (July 28, 1989)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0521349397
ISBN-13: 978-0521349390

    Product Dimensions: 
    
    7 x 0.8 x 10 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 1.2 pounds
Average Customer Review: Be the first to review this item

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#846,853 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 











































































































#1781
in Books > Medical Books > Psychology > Social Psychology & Interactions


#2289
in Books > Health, Fitness & Dieting > Psychology & Counseling > Social Psychology & Interactions


#6249
in Books > Medical Books > Psychology > General



If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?














Important information

IngredientsExample IngredientsDirectionsExample Directions    








Customer reviewsThere are no customer reviews yet.5 star0%4 star0%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer review







What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children From Nature-Deficit Disorder
Paperback

Richard Louv


4.4 out of 5 stars

247

$11.39 Prime









With People in Mind: Design And Management Of Everyday Nature
Paperback

Rachel Kaplan


4.0 out of 5 stars

2

$28.80 Prime









Cognition and Environment: Functioning in an Uncertain World
Hardcover

Stephen Kaplan


4.0 out of 5 stars

1

12 offers from $8.22









Humanscape: Environments for People
Paperback

Stephen Kaplan


1.0 out of 5 stars

1

24 offers from $9.13






















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates













Kaplan, Stephen - H&R Magic Books















H&R Magic BooksSearchSearch


0 items
Sign In



Menu

EmailPasswordSign InRemember MeForgot your password? Reset It 





Kaplan, Stephen
Products by Kaplan, Stephen 
Sort By
Popularity
Newest
Title
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Rating
Number of Reviews
 





Newsletter Sign UpBy registering to the newsletter you will be informed about :

All the exclusive informations on our store !
All the new products !
All the special offers !
Every promotional offer and marketing campaign !



Email Address *





* Required
Privacy Policy

Your shopping cart is empty












BBB Business Profile | Kaplan & Stephen, P.C. | Accreditation























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Accountants - Certified Public
 > 
Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.



Submit a Review

































Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.






            Business Information
        






(248) 324-0775

Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.
19 years in business

        37684 Enterprise Ct Ste A
        Farmington Hills, MI 48331-3440
    








Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 05/17/2007
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1998





            Type of Entity
             
            Corporation       
    



            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Robert B. Kaplan, President
                






            Business Category
        


                Accountants - Certified Public
            








            Alternate Business Names
        


                    Kaplan, Mudryk & Stephen, P.C.
                







                    Number of Employees: 
                
                1
            



See Less Business Information
See More Business Information


 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Kaplan & Stephen, P.C.
            










A+




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    



                        This business has no complaints filed
                    









Composite Score:





                        Kaplan & Stephen, P.C. has received 0 out of 5 stars based on 0 Customer Reviews and a BBB Rating of A+.
                        






                            Comprised of 67% BBB Rating and 33% Customer Review Rating.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business. The Customer Review
                            Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive, neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                        

                            The BBB letter grade represents the BBB's opinion of how the business is likely to interact with its customers.
                            The BBB grade is based on BBB file information about the business.
                            In some cases, a business' grade may be lowered if the BBB does not have sufficient
                            information about the business despite BBB's requests for that information from the business.
                        

                            The BBB Customer Review Rating plus the BBB Rating is not a guarantee of a business'
                            reliability or performance. BBB recommends that consumers consider a business'
                            BBB Rating and Customer Review Rating in addition to all other available information
                            about the business.
                        














Share your experience


Submit a Review


Submit a Complaint












Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 




















 

















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.

















































	FIBTEC Trademark of Kaplan, Stephen J.. Serial Number: 75752039 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Computer & Software Products & Electr...
FIBTEC










 
Get FREE email alerts













FIBTEC  Trademark Information
 Kaplan, Stephen J.
fiber optics and fiber optic cables




Perfect for these industries

Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products





Words that describe this mark
fiber   optics   fiber   optic   cables    
                                    




This is a brand page for the FIBTEC trademark by Kaplan, Stephen J. 
                                in Plano, , 75093.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this FIBTEC trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Kaplan, Stephen J. of the FIBTEC trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the FIBTEC trademark.
                           






On Thursday, July 15, 1999,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        FIBTEC by 
                        Kaplan, Stephen J., Plano 75093.
                        The USPTO has given the FIBTEC 
                        trademark serial  number of  75752039.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for FIBTEC is 
                        
                        
                                            STEPHEN J. KAPLAN of 
                                            4417 BLYSTONE LANE,  PLANO, TEXAS 75093,  
                                .
                            The FIBTEC trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Computer & Software Products & Electrical & Scientific Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for FIBTEC 
                            is fiber optics and fiber optic cables. 
                            





Word mark:
 FIBTEC


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

3/29/2008



  Serial Number:  
75752039


  Filing Date:  
7/15/1999


 Registration Number:  
2464466 


 Registration Date:  
6/26/2001


 Goods and Services: 
fiber optics and fiber optic cables


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
9/12/2000


Last Applicant/Owner:

Kaplan, Stephen J.Plano 75093
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


STEPHEN J. KAPLAN
4417 BLYSTONE LANE
PLANO, TEXAS 75093







 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (009) - Scientific, nautical, surveying, photographic, cinematographic, optical, weighing, measuring, signalling, checking (supervision), life-saving and teaching apparatus and instruments; apparatus and instruments for conducting, switching, transforming, accumulating, regulating or controlling electricity; apparatus for recording, transmission or reproduction of sound or images; magnetic data carriers, recording discs; automatic vending machines and mechanisms for coin operated apparatus; cash registers, calculating machines, data processing equipment and computers; fire extinguishing apparatus.


First Use Anywhere: 
8/1/1999


First Use In Commerce: 
8/1/1999





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your FIBTEC trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

3/29/2008
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



STEPHEN J. KAPLAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of FIBTEC trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search fibtec on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for FIBTEC 




FIBTEC is providing fiber optics and fiber optic cables.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 






















        1629236849 NPI number —   STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D.






























































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1629236849






NPI 1629236849:   STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D.














NPI Number 1629236849 General Information



 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1629236849
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Individual
                
Provider Name / Organization
  STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D.
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
1284 BEACON ST 
Second Line
APT #314 
City
BROOKLINE 
State
MA 
Postal Code (Zip)
02446-3788 
Country
US 
Phone
617-512-8244 
Fax
 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
362 COURT ST 
Second Line
 
City
PLYMOUTH 
State
MA 
Postal Code (Zip)
02360-4397 
Country
US 
Phone
508-746-7543 
Fax
508-746-1334 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
 
Name
   
Credential
  
Telephone Number
  
Provider Enumeration Date
05/23/2008 
Last Updated
08/31/2010 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1629236849 has the "Individual" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) —   STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D.. Records indicate that the provider gender is "Male". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 05/23/2008. NPI Number information was last updated on 08/31/2010.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    362 COURT ST 
                    PLYMOUTH, MA
                    02360-4397, US
                


  STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D. can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  508-746-7543
Fax:  508-746-1334
        
The provider's official mailing address is:



                    1284 BEACON ST APT #314
                    BROOKLINE, MA
                    02446-3788, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  617-512-8244
Fax: 


Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

207R00000X


Internal Medicine


                            232071
                        

                            MA
                        










Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer







Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1629236849
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Individual
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Sole Proprietor
                            

                                N
                            

                                Indicate whether provider is a sole proprietor.

A sole proprietor is the sole (the only) owner of a business that is not incorporated; that unincorporated business is a sole proprietorship.
In a sole proprietorship, the sole proprietor owns all of the assets of the business and is solely liable for all of the debts of the business.
There is no difference between a sole proprietorship and a sole proprietor; they are legally a single entity: an individual.
In terms of NPI assignment, a sole proprietor is an Entity type 1 (Individual) and is eligible for only one NPI (the sole proprietorship business is not eligible for its own NPI).
As an individual, a sole proprietorship cannot be a subpart and cannot have subparts. (See NPI Final Rule for information about subparts.)
A sole proprietorship may or may not have employees.
Often, the IRS assigns an EIN to a sole proprietorship in order to protect the sole proprietor's SSN from disclosure in claims or on W-2s. NPPES does not capture a sole proprietorship's EIN.
Many types of health care providers could be sole proprietorships (for example, group practices, pharmacies, home health agencies).





                                Provider Last Name (Legal Name)
                            

                                KAPLAN
                            

                                The last name of the provider (if an individual). If the provider is an individual, this is the legal name. This name must match the name on file with the Social Security Administration (SSA). In addition, the date of birth must match that on file with SSA. (First and last names are required for initial applications.) The First, Middle, Last and Credential(s) fields allow the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Name
                            

                                STEPHEN
                            

                                The first name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Credential Text
                            

                                M.D.
                            

                                The abbreviations for professional degrees or credentials used or held by the provider, if the provider is an individual. Examples are MD, DDS, CSW, CNA, AA, NP, RNA, or PSY. These credential designations will not be verified by NPS.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                1284 BEACON ST
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Second Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                APT #314
                            

                                The second line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider second line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                BROOKLINE
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                MA
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                02446-3788
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Telephone Number
                            

                                617-512-8244
                            

                                The telephone number associated with mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address telephone number''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                362 COURT ST
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                PLYMOUTH
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                MA
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                02360-4397
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                508-746-7543
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Fax Number
                            

                                508-746-1334
                            

                                The fax number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                05/23/2008
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                08/31/2010
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Provider Gender Code
                            

                                M
                            

                                The code designating the provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Provider Gender
                            

                                Male
                            

                                The provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                207R00000X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                Internal Medicine
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Provider License Number 1
                            

                                232071
                            

                                Certain taxonomy selections will require you to enter your license number and the state where the license was issued. Select Foreign Country in the state drop down box if the license was issued outside of United States. The License Number field allows the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters. DO NOT report the Social Security Number (SSN), IRS Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN) in this section.
                            



                                Provider License Number State Code 1
                            

                                MA
                            

                                Provider License Number State Code #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.






Driving Directions to "  STEPHEN  KAPLAN  M.D." Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Your Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)



























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            











































Stereophile's Products of 2009 | Stereophile.com









































































 






















LOG IN | JOIN



Search form

Search 






REVIEWS 




Loudspeakers

Floorstanding
Stand/Bookshelf
Subwoofers

Amplification

Tube Preamps
Tube Power Amps
Solid Preamps
Solid Power Amps
Integrated Amps
Phono Preamps





Digital Sources

CD
Hi-Rez Disc
Digital Processors
Computer Audio
Media Servers

Analog Sources

Turntables
Tonearms
Phono Cartridges
FM Tuners

Featured

Budget Components
Audacious Audio
J. Gordon Holt





Accessories

Cables
Phono Accessories
Powerline
Room Treatments
Stands/Racks
Headphones
Miscellaneous

Music

Recording of the Month
Records To Die For
Music/Recordings
Face The Music





RECOMMENDED 




Equipment

Recommended Components
Products of the Year

Music

Recording of the Month
Records To Die For

More

Audiophile Essentials


 

COLUMNS 




Columns

As We See It
Art Dudley Listening
The Fifth Element
Audio Streams
Gramophone Dreams
Music in the Round
The Entry Level
Fine Tunes

Blogs

Jana Dagdagan
Jason Victor Serinus
Robert Baird
Fred Kaplan
Stephen Mejias
Ariel Bitran
Wes Phillips


 

SHOWS 




Consumer Electronics Show

CES 2017
CES 2016

Rocky Mountain Audio Fest

RMAF 2016
RMAF 2015

AXPONA

AXPONA 2017
AXPONA 2016

Salon Son & Image

SSI 2016
SSI 2015





Miscellaneous

LAAS 2017
Montreal 2017
NY 2016
TAVES 2016
AudioFest 2016
Newport 2016
Munich 2016
CAS 2015


More Reports



 

NEWS
FORUMS
GALLERIES
SUBSCRIBE 





Print Magazine
Digital Magazine
Renew
Subscriber Services
Back Issues
Give A Gift


 




















Products of the Year 

Stereophile's Products of 2009


Stephen Mejias  |  Nov 30, 2009   |  First Published: Dec 6, 2009	










I was sitting in the main listening room of In Living Stereo, a small Manhattan hi-fi shop nestled between Greenwich Village and the East Village, when my conversation with store owner Steve Mishoe turned to the economy's current dismal state. In the face of slow sales, Mishoe had noted an encouraging trend: Because we have less money to spend, we want to make sure that what money we do spend goes for products that not only deliver the thrill of something new, but also promise enduring quality. If this is true, then we have reason to celebrate. By shifting our focus from the so-called "latest and greatest" to that which will provide lasting enjoyment, we set ourselves up for some real happiness and fun. Editor John Atkinson had this in mind 17 years ago, when he began our "Products of the Year" ritual. He felt it important to distinguish the truly good products from all the flashy pretenders that too often win the affections of our capricious hearts.



Annually since 1992, then, Stereophile has named a few choice components as its "Products of the Year." We believe these are special products capable of providing musical pleasure far beyond our formal review period. To keep the awards procedure straightforward, we have just five primary categories: Loudspeakers (including subwoofers), Amplification Components (preamplifiers, power amplifiers, etc.), Digital Source Components (transports, processors, music servers, disc players), Analog Source Components (phono cartridges, turntables, tonearms, FM tuners, etc.), and Accessories (all those little extras that keep us busy and satisfied). In a more recent tradition, each of our writers and editors also gets to declare his favorite product. Finally, the two most important categories are self-explanatory: Our overall "Product of the Year" is the best of the best; and my favorite category, Budget Product of the Year, leaves us with the most cash to spend on new records.

The voting went like this: Each of Stereophile's 16 hardware reviewers and editors was asked to nominate up to six components for each category. To be a contender, a product had to have been reviewed in one of the 12 issues of Stereophile from November 2008 through October 2009, in a full Equipment Report, a Follow-Up review, or in one of the regular columns by Art Dudley, Michael Fremer, John Marks, Kalman Rubinson, and Sam Tellig. That way, only those components could be nominated for which a writer had put his opinion in print for public scrutiny. We then compiled a ballot form listing all components nominated by three or more writers and/or editors. This process ensured that most nominees in most categories will have been auditioned by the most reviewers. Each editor or reviewer gave three votes for his first choice in each category, two votes for his second choice, and one vote for his third choice (if any). An unambiguous picture emerged as the votes came in, and the winners became clear. John Atkinson tallied the votesaddress your love letters and hate mail to him at stletters@sorc.com. (See JA's comments on how the voting process works.)

The prices listed were current as of the end of September 2009. To order back issues mentioned in this article, call (888) 237-0955, or visit www.stereophile.com (MasterCard and Visa only). "WWW" indicates that the review is available in our free online Archives.

And the winners are . . . 


NEXT:  2009 Loudspeaker of the Year  »







ARTICLE CONTENTS




Page 1
 2009 Loudspeaker of the Year
 2009 Joint Digital Source Components of the Year
 2009 Analog Source Component of the Year
 2009 Amplification Component of the Year
 2009 Accessory of the Year
 2009 Editors' Choice
 2009 Budget Product of the Year
 2009 Product of the Year
 Previous Winners















Log in or register to post comments



Related
Latest
Galleries
Recommended



  
 Stereophile's Products of 1993
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2016
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 1992
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2015
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2014
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2013
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2012
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2011
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2010
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2008
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2007
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2006
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2005
  

  
 The 2004 Products of the Year
  

  
 40 years of Stereophile: The Hot 100 Products
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2001
  

 


  
 Bryston BCD-3 CD player
  

  
 Emotiva XPA Gen3 two-channel power amplifier
  

  
 Rockport Technologies Avior II loudspeaker
  

  
 Gramophone Dreams #17: Abyss AB-1266 Phi headphones
  

  
 Pergolesi's Revered Stabat Mater Revisited
  

  
 Arthur Alexander, Lonely Just Like Me
  

  
 Reviewer Video Profile: Art Dudley
  

  
 Steve Coleman, Morphogenesis
  

  
 Enough with the Hobby Already
  

  
 Recording of August 2017: Rachmaninoff Piano Works
  

  
 Quad ESL-2912 loudspeaker
  

  
 Book Review: The New Analog
  

  
 Blackie Pagano: Audio Artisan
  

  
 It's the August Issue!
  

  
 A New Mahler Cycle from Vänskä and Minneapolis
  

  
 The Stones Filmed Live in 2016 and 1972
  

 


  
 Denon VL12 Prime Direct-Drive Turntable
  

  
 Krell Audio+Video Standard + Power Amplifier: Rotel RB- 1080
  

  
 Office System
  

  
 Office system
  

  
 AVM Ovation MP8.2 Media Player
  

  
 Technics SLP3200 Semi-Auto DD Turntable...purchased in 1978...still going strong.
  

  
 X10-D Tube audio stand alone buffer added to CD player!
  

  
 system upgrade
  

  
 Wilson Alex Midrange Steps
  

  
 Wilson Alexx Mid/Woofer Steps
  

  
 Wilson Alexx Inroom Impulse Response
  

  
 Piazzolla Decoded MQA FLAC Noisefloor
  

  
 MQA CD Noisefloor - Repeat
  

  
 Piazzolla MQA CD Noisefloor
  

  
 My bedroom system
  

  
 My Rig
  

 


  
 Recording of August 2017: Rachmaninoff Piano Works
  

  
 Recording of November 1981: Citadels of Mystery
  

  
 Recording of July 2017: TajMo
  

  
 Recording of June 2017: Silent Light
  

  
 Recording of May 2017: The Gilded Palace of Sin
  

  
 Bonus Recording of April 2017: Bruckner: Symphony 9: Completed Version
  

  
 Recommended Components: 2017 Edition
  

  
 Recording of April 2017: Extraordinary Met Performances from 1966-67
  

  
 Recording of March 2017: I Go Back Home
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 1993
  

  
 Records to Die For 2017
  

  
 Recording of February 2017: The Last Waltz 40th
  

  
 Recording of January 2017: A Multitude of Angels
  

  
 Stereophile's Products of 2016
  

  
 Recording of December 2016: Made in Brooklyn
  

  
 Recording of November 2016: Martha Argerich Early Recordings
  

  








LATEST VIDEO
























































 
























Loudspeakers

Floorstanding
Stand/Bookshelf
Subwoofers

Amplification

Tube Preamps
Tube Power Amps
Solid Preamps
Solid Power Amps
Integrated Amps
Phono Preamps

Digital Sources

CD
Hi-Rez Disc
Digital Processors
Computer Audio
Media Servers





Analog Sources

Turntables
Tonearms
Phono Cartridges
FM Tuners

Accessories

Cables
Phono Accessories
Powerline
Room Treatments
Stands/Racks
Headphones
Miscellaneous

Featured

Budget Components
Audacious Audio
J. Gordon Holt





Music

Recording of the Month
Records To Die For
Music/Recordings
Face The Music

Columns

As We See It
Art Dudley Listening
The Fifth Element
Audio Streams
Gramophone Dreams
Music in the Round
The Entry Level
Fine Tunes

Features

Special Features
Reference
Audiophile Essentials
Interviews
Think Pieces
Historical





Show Reports

CES 2017
CES 2016
CES 2015
CES 2014
CES 2013
CES 2012


RMAF 2016
RMAF 2015
RMAF 2014
RMAF 2013
RMAF 2012
RMAF 2011


AXPONA 2017
AXPONA 2016
AXPONA 2015
AXPONA 2014
AXPONA 2013
AXPONA 2012
AXPONA NY 2011
AXPONA 2011





Show Reports

SSI 2016
SSI 2015
SSI 2014
SSI 2013
SSI 2012


LAAS 2017
Montreal 2017
NY 2016
TAVES 2016
AudioFest 2016
Newport 2016
Munich 2016
NY 2015
TAVES 2015
AudioFest 2015
CAS 2015
Newport 2015
Munich 2015


More Show Reports

Latest News

Audio News
Past eNewsletters





RecommendedComponents

Rec Comp 2015
Rec Comp 2014
Rec Comp 2013
Rec Comp 2012

Products ofthe Year

POTY 2014
POTY 2013
POTY 2012

Blogs

Jana Dagdagan
Jason Serinus
Robert Baird
Fred Kaplan
Stephen Mejias
Ariel Bitran
Wes Phillips

Community

Forums
Galleries
Vote
Sweepstakes





Shop

Recordings
Backissues
Buyer's Guides
More . . .

Resources

Audiophile Societies
eNewsletter Sign-up
Contact Us
About Us
Customer Service
RSS Feed
Media Kits
Permissions/Reprints
Privacy
Terms of Use

Subscriptions

New Subscription
Digital Subscription
Renew
Give a Gift
Sub Services








© 2017 StereophileTEN: The Enthusiast NetworkAll rights reserved

















X
Username *



Password *


Create new account
Request new password




















Kaplan Robert Stephen (Import & export history)
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Kaplan  Robert Stephen, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Kaplan  Robert Stephen

Kaplan, Robert Stephen imports from Kaplan, Robert Stephen in Singapore through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Kaplan  Robert Stephen and millions of other importers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 LULULEMON USA INC
 PEPSICO
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Kaplan  Robert Stephen
Kaplan, Robert Stephen imports from Kaplan, Robert Stephen in Singapore through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



KAPLAN, ROBERT STEPHEN
90 JELLICOE ROAD #21-30, CITYLIGHTS SINGAPORE 208749 SINGAPORE


KAPLAN, ROBERT STEPHEN
1321 UPLAND DRIVE. #3777 HOUSTON, T HOUSTON TX 77043 UNITED STATES



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



CTC LOGISTICS (L.A.) INC.
1225 W, 190TH STREET, SUITE 340 GARDENA CA 90248 UNITED STATES



NO MARKS
NO MARKS
NO MARKS
NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






MEDU1337690
MEDU1337690


Product Description




94 PACKAGES OF USED HOUSEH OLD GOODS AND PERSONAL EFF ECTS .
94 PACKAGES OF USED HOUSEH OLD GOODS AND PERSONAL EFF ECTS .









Bill of LadingMSCUEK534120Arrival Date2016-01-12Weight (LB)4,539Weight (KG)2,063UnitsXQuantity94 PKGContainer Count1CBM19Voyage No.551NPort of LoadingSINGAPOREPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameMSC ARIANECarrier CodeMSCUCountry Of OriginSingaporePlace Of ReceiptSINGAPORE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Kaplan  Robert Stephen. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Kaplan  Robert Stephen has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Kaplan  Robert Stephen







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Kaplan  Robert Stephen
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Atlas Copco Destribution Center                                



                                    Nadine Lewis                                



                                    C And C Group S.r.l.                                



                                    Antai Pacific Home Fashion Co Ltd                                



                                    City Of Columbia                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3445
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




















Amazon.com: stephen kaplan: Books







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks 


















































































1-12 of 149 results for Books : 
"stephen kaplan"


"stephen kaplan" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews

























Book Format:Paperback|Kindle Edition|Audible Audio Edition|Hardcover



The Amityville Horror ConspiracyDec 1, 1995by Stephen Kaplan and Roxanne Salch KaplanPaperback$9.78(14 used &amp new offers)
3.7 out of 5 stars
41Amazon's Stephen Kaplan PageDiscover books, read about the author, find related products, and more.More about Stephen KaplanBestselling Books:The Amityville Horror Conspiracy, Vampires are. With People in Mind: Design And Management Of Everyday NatureMar 1, 1998by Rachel Kaplan and Stephen KaplanPaperback
$
28
80

$32.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 6 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$3.99(68 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
27
36

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4 out of 5 stars
2The Experience of Nature: A Psychological PerspectiveJul 28, 1989by Rachel Kaplan and Stephen KaplanPaperback$65.90(12 used &amp new offers)Paperback$120.62(11 used &amp new offers)









The Kaplans of Ware, MassachusettsAug 26, 2013by Stephen Robert KatzPaperback
$
10
95

PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 24FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$6.59(8 used &amp new offers)With People in Mind: Design And Management Of Everyday Nature 1st edition by Kaplan, Rachel, Kaplan, Stephen, Ryan, Robert (1998) Paperback1707by Kaplan, Rachel, Kaplan, Stephen, Ryan, RobertPaperback$8.22(12 used &amp new offers)The Ungentlemanly Art1968by Hess, Stephen; Kaplan, MiltonHardcover$7.08(14 used &amp new offers)Hardcover$5.99(12 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
1Motivational Interviewing in Schools: Conversations to Improve Behavior and Learning (Applications of Motivational Interviewing (Paperback)) by Stephen Rollnick PhD (2016-10-12)1736by Stephen Rollnick PhD;Sebastian G. Kaplan PhD;Richard Rutschman EdDPaperback$61.93(6 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
14
75

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Paperback, Hardcover
5 out of 5 stars
1Humanscape: Environments for PeopleDec 1977by Stephen Kaplan and Rachael KaplanPaperback$9.13(23 used &amp new offers)
1 out of 5 stars
1Humanscape: Environments for people1978by Rachel Kaplan Stephen;KaplanPaperback$4.49(11 used &amp new offers)
3 out of 5 stars
1Globalization and Austerity Politics in Latin America (Cambridge Studies in Comparative Politics)Mar 14, 2013by Professor Stephen B. KaplanPaperback
$
30
99

PrimeGet it by Monday, Jul 24FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$12.00(31 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
24
00

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:HardcoverRise of The Wolf Riders Episode 2: A Welcome of Arrows (The Hell Fire Series Book 1)Mar 19, 2013by Kevin Smelt and Stephen KaplanKindle Edition
$
0
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
13
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryBooksBehavioral SciencesPsychology & CounselingSociologyIndustrial Management & LeadershipLeadershipManagementBusiness & MoneyMedical BooksPolitics & Social SciencesHealth, Fitness & DietingLiterature & FictionScience & MathReligion & SpiritualityEducation & TeachingHistoryArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineEngineering & TransportationHumor & EntertainmentLawMystery, Thriller & SuspenseReferenceScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpTest PreparationTravelSee moreRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBook LanguageEnglishAuthorJames KaplanStephen RollnickAnatol LievenIan KershawRobert D. KaplanStephen E. AmbroseBertrand RussellAndrew KaplanNoam ChomskyDavid LewisDavid L. EdwardsDavid E. KaplanJames L. W. WestLudwig WittgensteinRobert RyanSee moreBook FormatPaperbackKindle EditionAudible Audio EditionHardcoverBook SeriesApplications of Motivational InterviewingEducation Subject MatterHistory & Social ScienceScience & TechnologyHealthAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 
















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started






























 



Fast, FREE shipping and morePrime members also enjoy exclusive access to movies and TV shows, ad-free music, Kindle books, original audio series and unlimited photo storage.








Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v
























