



Jordan L. Kaplan | UCLA Ziman Center for Real Estate
Jordan L. Kaplan | UCLA Anderson School of Management







































Skip to main content






Give to Ziman


Subscribe





UCLA Ziman Center for Real Estate 

 > Jordan L. Kaplan

















Jordan L. Kaplan
Mr. Kaplan is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI). He is also a member of the Board of Directors of DEI. Douglas Emmett is a fully integrated public REIT traded on the New York Stock Exchange. He joined DEI's predecessor company, Douglas, Emmett and Company in 1986 and co-founded Douglas Emmett Realty Advisors in 1991, which grew during the 1990's into a large manager of institutional real estate funds.A native of Los Angeles, Mr. Kaplan received his bachelor's degree from the University of California in Santa Barbara and his MBA from the Anderson School at UCLA in 1986. He lives in Pacific Palisades, California with his wife, Christine and their three children.





UCLA Ziman Center for Real Estate




 Overview 




Events




About Us




Meet Our Staff






Board Leadership




Faculty




Research




UCLA Gilbert Program in Real Estate, Finance and Urban Economics




UCLA Economic Letter




Working Papers




UCI-UCLA-USC Research Symposium






Data




Mortgage Default Risk Index (MDRI)




CRSP/Ziman REIT Data Series






Student Development




Corporate Concierge Recruiting




Real Estate Challenges




Awards & Fellowships




Peter Bren Fellows in Entrepreneurial Real Estate




Howard and Irene Levine Fellows






Resources




Courses




Steven C. Gordon Real Estate Student Endowment






Get Involved




Howard and Irene Levine Program in Housing and Social Responsibility




Howard J. Levine Distinguished Lecture on Business Ethics




UCLA Distinguished Speaker Series in Affordable Housing




Crocker Symposium on Real Estate Law and Business






Alumni (REAG)




In The News




Ziman Campaign












For Visitors


campus tour


maps & directions


master calendar


facility use




For Corporations


recruit an mba


post a job


field study


for GAP companies




For the News Media


media relations


ucla anderson forecast


anderson in the news


faculty directory


faculty directory (pdf)


fact sheet






UCLA


UCLA Anderson


UCLA Law


feedback


© UC Regents









JORDAN L KAPLAN - PACIFIC PALISADES, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



PACIFIC PALISADES



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JORDAN L KAPLAN
                                    



 





















J 


JORDAN L KAPLAN
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1401 SAN REMO DR PACIFIC PALISADES, CA 90272
Get Directions



(310) 454-1505





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $78,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts JORDAN KAPLAN







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Jordan L Kaplan specializes in Business Services At Non-commercial Site. Jordan L Kaplan has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $78,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















JORDAN L KAPLAN D.D.S. Dentists Info, Reviews and Feedback  | Dentists | Rehab Reviews Directory



























Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists
Interventionists
Sober Livings

Rehab Reviews
Rehab Reviews Directory
About
Get Help Now

Login
Register










Featured Reviews








 
Newport Academy
Newport Academy is the whole package: individualized clinical expertise, holistic therapies, 12-step support, family healing and a sober learning community.
Read More












 
Visions Adolescent Treatment
For teens in dysfunctional situations, there's no better spot than Visions, which focuses on treatment for those between the ages of 13-18.
Read More












 
Sunset Malibu
For those who are addicted but also suffering from addiction, co-occurring disorders or even eating disorders, Sunset Malibu is the spot.
Read More













Dentists
illinois
palos heights
JORDAN L KAPLAN







      JORDAN L KAPLAN
      


  (0 Reviews)


Write a Review

      Check Insurance
        Sponsored
 








        7550 W COLLEGE DR, Palos Heights, IL 60463-1026
      






          7083614626
        






          7083617686
        








        Are you the owner?
Apply to edit this entry














 Info
 Services
 Location






          Location Information About

        JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S.

          | Dental Healthcare Information
      

JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. currently provides Palos Heights, IL with dentist support under their credentials D.D.S..
JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. can be reached via phone at 7083614626.
Potential patients with questions, inquiries, or specific healthcare needs relating to JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. should contact them directly at their Palos Heights location in Illinois.
To find out if JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. is a good fit for your medical needs, you are encouraged to contact them on their office phone at 7083614626.


          Review Guidelines

Rehab Reviews wants to see more authentic JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. reviews from people who have first-hand experience with their dentist healthcare support.
If you’re a current or past patient of the JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. in Palos Heights, IL we encourage you to leave your review below for other future patients who may need dentist support.
Please don’t reveal personal information about anyone at the JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. office or any of their current or former patients.
Colorful language is acceptable, but please refrain from threats, hate speech, and/or other displays of bigotry.
Please don’t take content from someone else’s review and post it here.
Rehab Reviews encourages real reviews from actual experiences.  We want this listing to be useful for future patients, not filled with promotional or commercial content.
We reserve the right to take down any reviews that we suspect to be self-promotional.
If you are a representative of JORDAN L KAPLAN, D.D.S. you may contact us to resolve disputed or factually untrue information, but please don’t write promotional content about your own meeting or support group.
If you are a resident of Illinois and have information that can help improve the quality of the information in our listing, you can contact us directly.
If you have any ideas how we can improve our directories listings, you may also contact us.


Services Offered



Dentist

















JORDAN L KAPLAN

              7550 W COLLEGE DR

              Palos Heights, IL 60463-1026
              (map)
            
7083614626 







Nearby Dentists







 

JAMES W. SISLOW D.D.S. LTD.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

RUSSELL KENT WANGEN
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

DAN VINCENT FOLLMER
Read More
  (0 Reviews)











 

EMAN J ALSAHLANI
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

WILLIAM JOSEPH STURM, JR.
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 

CHRISTINE LIN DUNHAM
Read More
  (0 Reviews)







+ Add Review
Reviews

This listing has not yet been reviewed. Click here to add a review.
        




Featured Listings






 
Soul of Healing Inc US Non
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Discovery Place
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Evolve Treatment Centers
Read More
  (0 Reviews)










 
Gulf Breeze Recovery
Read More
  (0 Reviews)






Free Insurance Benefits Check





AdLegal Stuff - This free insurance benefits check is a service performed by advertising sponsor Service Industries, Inc., part of a network of commonly owned rehabilitation service providers. By inputting your information, you consent to your information being transmitted to Service Industries, Inc., so that one of its representatives may contact you to discuss your insurance benefits and options for obtaining treatment.


Seeking Help For *
- Select -SelfLoved one


Insurance Company Name *



Insurance type *
- Select -MedicareMedi-CalHMOPPOTRICAREOTHERI Don't Have Insurance



First Name *



Last Name *




Your Email *



Best time to call 



Your Phone Number *



Submit Information





Find Addiction Help Near You








Rehabs
Mental Health
Buprenorphine
Pain Management
Therapists


Search Addiction Help














	
        Compensation Information for Jordan L. Kaplan , President and CEO of DOUGLAS EMMETT INC | Salary.com
    


























Enterprise
Small Business
Personal




Contact Us
Log In


































Salaries
Jobs
Education
Advice
























 





Jordan L. Kaplan 
Executive Compensation
As President and CEO at DOUGLAS EMMETT INC, Jordan L. Kaplan  made $7,916,869 in total compensation.  Of this total $1,000,000 was received as a salary, $0 was received as a bonus, $0 was received in stock options, $6,876,415 was awarded as stock and $40,454 came from other types of compensation. This information is according to proxy statements filed for the 2016 fiscal year. 


ENTER AN EXECUTIVE OR COMPANY NAME
New Search


Go



The chart on this page features a breakdown of the total annual pay for Jordan L. Kaplan ,  President and CEO at DOUGLAS EMMETT INC as reported in their proxy statements. 
Total Cash Compensation information is comprised of yearly Base Pay and Bonuses. DOUGLAS EMMETT INC income statements for executive base pay and bonus are filed yearly with the SEC in the edgar filing system. DOUGLAS EMMETT INC annual reports of executive compensation and pay are most commonly found in the Def 14a documents.
Total Equity aggregates grant date fair value of stock and option awards and long term incentives granted during the fiscal year.
Other Compensation covers all compensation-like awards that don't fit in any of these other standard categories. Numbers reported do not include change in pension value and non-qualified deferred compensation earnings.



Other Executives at this Company


Dan A. Emmett 
Kenneth M. Panzer 
Kevin A. Crummy 
Mona M. Gisler 







Jordan L. Kaplan 


Base Pay$1,000,000
Bonus + Incentive Comp$0
Total Cash Compensation$1,000,000


Stock Award Value$6,876,415
Option Award Value$0
Total Equity$6,876,415



Total Other$40,454



Total Compensation$7,916,869




Browse Executives by First Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z


Browse Companies by Company Name
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
#



This report is not for commercial use. Thorough reviews have been conducted to assure this data accurately reflects disclosures. However for a complete and definitive understanding of the pay practices of any company, users should refer directly to the actual, complete proxy statement. 
Use of Data / Disclaimer
The information shown here is a reporting of information included in the company's proxy statement. The proxy statement includes footnotes and explanations of this information plus other information that is pertinent in assessing the overall value and appropriateness of the compensation information. For those interested in conducting a detailed compensation analysis, we recommend that you review the entire proxy statement. You may retrieve the full proxy statement by going to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) website at www.sec.gov and entering the company's name and then looking in the first column for an entry of "Form DEF 14A" (or any similar code). You may also find the annual proxy statement by going directly to the company's website.
What is a proxy statement?
A proxy statement (or "proxy") is a form that every publicly traded U.S. company is required to file with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year. The proxy must be sent to every shareholder in advance of the company's annual shareholders meeting. All proxy statements are public filings made available to the general public by the SEC.
The proxy statement's main purpose is to alert shareholders to the annual meeting and provide them information about the issues that will be voted on during the annual meeting, including decisions such as electing directors, ratifying the selection of auditors, and other shareholder-related decisions, including shareholder-initiated initiatives. Also, proxies must disclose specific detailed information regarding the pay practices for certain executives.







    





 

 






     

privacy policy
terms of use
about us
contact us

©  Salary.com. All rights reserved.


US Salaries
Canadian Salaries
Purchase a Salary Report
Salaries by Category
Salaries by Income
Salaries by Industry
Popular Salaries
Negotiation Tips
Benefits Calculator
Search Job Openings
Job Openings by State
Job Openings by Category
Education by Career
Education by Level
Education by Major
Cost of Living Calculator
























 











 











Jordan L. Kaplan - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Jordan L. Kaplan
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President at Douglas Emmett, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Jordan L. Kaplan? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jordan L. Kaplan's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jordan L. Kaplan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jordan L. Kaplan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jordan L. Kaplan through your network of contacts.
												








Jordan L. Kaplan's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, 
Douglas Emmett, Inc.


Past
To view Jordan L. Kaplan's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 Bachelor's, 
															University of California - Santa Barbara


														 M.B.A., 
															University of California - Los Angeles


Age
55

 
 


Jordan L. Kaplan's Biography




			Mr. Kaplan has served as our CEO and President and a member of our Board since our inception. Mr. Kaplan joined our predecessor operating companies in 1986, co-founded our immediate predecessor in 1991 and served as the Chief Financial Officer for our predecessor operating companies from 1991 to 2006. Mr. Kaplan received his bachelor's degree from the University of California, Santa Barbara in 1983 and his M.B.A. from the University of California, Los Angeles in 1986. Mr. Kaplan was nominated as a result of his position as our CEO and his extensive knowledge of our operations and our market.
		
Source: Douglas Emmett, Inc. on 04/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Jordan L. Kaplan's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Jordan L. Kaplan. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Jordan L. Kaplan's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Jordan L. Kaplan's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Jordan L. Kaplan through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Jordan L. Kaplan


















Jordan L. Kaplan's Connections (18)





Sign up now to view Jordan L. Kaplan's 18 connections »









Andres R. Gavinet
Former Exec Vice President, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









William E. Simon
Board Member, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Virginia A. McFerran
Board Member, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Ghebre S. Mehreteab
Former Board Member, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Christopher H. Anderson
Board Member, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









William Kamer
Former Senior Advisor, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Kenneth M. Panzer
Dir. and Chief Operating Officer, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Dan A. Emmett
Chairman of the Board, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Leslie E. Bider
Board Member, Douglas Emmett, Inc.









Victor J. Coleman
Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman the Board, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Jordan L Kaplan - Pacific Palisades, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Jordan L Kaplan in Pacific Palisades, CA


Jordan L Kaplan

                                                                           Intelius found that Jordan L Kaplan  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Pacific Palisades, CA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Jordan L Kaplan is in his 50s

Jordan Has Lived In

Pacific Palisades, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Santa Monica, CA

Jordan's Relatives

Christine Kaplan
Irving Kaplan
Joel Kaplan
Joan Nyhart







Jordan L Kaplan



Zodiac SignAries



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer, President at Douglas Emmett Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Jordan? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Jordan, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Jordan L Kaplan
Get a Criminal Check on Jordan L Kaplan
Get a Public Record Report on Jordan L Kaplan
Get a People Search Report on Jordan L Kaplan


Jordan L Kaplan's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Jordan L Kaplan has lived as well as Jordan L Kaplan's phone numbers and email addresses.




Jordan L Kaplan Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Jordan L Kaplan


1029 V**** V*** D* 

Pacific Palisades, CA


Has Lived In

Pacific Palisades, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Jordan L Kaplan

(310) ***-**** - Pacific Palisades, CA 
(310) ***-****
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Jordan L Kaplan

j*****n@***.net
j*****n@***.com


Get Email Report




Jordan L Kaplan's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Jordan L Kaplan's academic history.  Find out which schools Jordan L Kaplan attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Jordan L Kaplan received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jordan L Kaplan Has Attended 4 Schools
University of California, Los Angeles 
UCLA Anderson School of Management                                             
University of California                                             
University of California, Santa Barbara                                             


Jordan L Kaplan's Professional Information
Information regarding Jordan L Kaplan's professional history.  Find out previous places Jordan L Kaplan has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Jordan L Kaplan Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Douglas Emmett Inc
               Title: Chief Executive Officer, President
Company: Los Angeles Waterkeeper
               Title: Board Member
Jordan L Kaplan's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer, President
               Company: Douglas Emmett Inc
Job Details
               Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT), and one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in the premier coastal submarkets of Los Angeles and Honolulu. Douglas Emmett focuses on owning and acquiring a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities.
Title: Board Member
               Company: Los Angeles Waterkeeper
Job Details
               Founded in 1993, Los Angeles Waterkeeper's mission is to protect and restore Santa Monica Bay, San Pedro Bay and adjacent waters through enforcement, fieldwork, and community action. They work to achieve this goal through litigation and regulatory programs that ensure water quality protections in waterways throughout Los Angeles.
Additional Professional Information on Jordan L Kaplan

 See Jordan L Kaplan's LinkedIn Profile



Jordan L Kaplan's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Jordan L Kaplan


Jordan L Kaplan's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Jordan L Kaplan's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Jordan Kaplan
Username Matches

                  JordanKaplan
                  KaplanJordan
                  Jordan.Kaplan
                  Kaplan.Jordan
                  Jordan_Kaplan
                  Kaplan_Jordan
                  Jordan-Kaplan
                  Kaplan-Jordan
                  JKaplan
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Kaplan







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Assessor's office slow to update value of donor's mansion - latimes

Advertisement


YOU ARE HERE: LAT Home→Collections→SaleAssessor's office is slow to update value of donor's $21.5-million homeJordan Kaplan, the owner of the Pacific Palisades mansion, has saved an estimated $198,000 since buying it in 2010. Kaplan, family members and co-workers contributed $30,000 to L.A. County Assessor John Noguez's campaign.April 03, 2012|By Jack Dolan and Ben Fritz, Los Angeles Times


This Pacific Palisades home was purchased by Jordan Kaplan in 2010.  (Christina House / For the…)When prominent Los Angeles real estate executive Jordan Kaplan bought a Pacific Palisades mansion in 2010, he got seven bedrooms, 12 bathrooms and what a marketing website called acres of "park-like grounds." What he did not get was the usual downside of such a purchase: a sky-high property tax bill. That's because, nearly two years later, Los Angeles County Assessor John Noguez has not taken the typically routine step of replacing the previous assessed value of the property, $11.5 million, with the new $21.5-million sale price. Because property taxes are calculated using the assessed value, the long delay has saved an estimated $198,000 for Kaplan, who along with his immediate family, co-workers and employees contributed $30,000 to Noguez's 2010 election campaign. Noguez is at the center of an ongoing influence-peddling probe launched last year by the L.A. County district attorney. Investigators are looking into allegations that favors were done for another prominent campaign contributor, and into Noguez's relationship with a former employee in the assessor's Culver City office who has admitted to secretly and improperly lowering property values for 125 wealthy Westside owners. George Renkei, Noguez's chief of staff, denied that the delay in reassessing Kaplan's home is a favor to a generous supporter. Instead, he said, it's an example of an occasional "courtesy" provided to buyers when valuable, non-taxable items are included in the sale. In this case, Renkei said, the holdup began after Kaplan's lawyer informed the assessor's office in late 2010 that the sale price included approximately $3 million in fine art and other valuables. Kaplan bought the house, on Monaco Drive in Pacific Palisades, in August 2010 from Paramount Pictures Chairman Brad Grey. A person with intimate knowledge of the sale, who spoke on the condition that his name would not be used, told The Times that Grey did not sell Kaplan any art. "What is art? How do you define it?" responded Kaplan's attorney, Robert Slavin, adding that there were other things, including expensive furniture, a pond stocked with pricey Japanese koi and "movie industry" valuables he declined to describe further. The person with knowledge of the sale said that Grey left no furniture and that the pond contained only bass and bluegill. Grey did leave Kaplan two film projectors worth perhaps $60,000, the person said. Slavin declined to provide The Times with a copy of the purchase agreement, which would typically spell out everything included in the transfer. And he did not respond to further inquiries from the newspaper. Emails obtained by The Times show that some employees of the assessor's office were expressing concerns last year about why it was taking so long to revalue Kaplan's home at the sale price. On Sept. 22, 2011, Milan Garcia, a supervisor in Culver City, emailed Renkei, the assessor's aide, asking for permission to reassess the property. "You told me to hold off on it," he reminded Renkei, then asked, "Do we still want to wait or move ahead with the assessment?" Nearly two months later, Garcia sent an email to Eric Haagenson, another of Noguez's top assistants in the downtown office. Again he noted the delay, explaining that Renkei "told me to put it on hold." Haagenson responded: "Steady as she goes then — take all the time needed." Renkei said he spoke briefly with Garcia last fall and expected the house to be valued shortly thereafter. "I certainly didn't expect it to take this long." In February 2012, another supervisor in Culver City, Alexander Yotsov, expressed his frustration over the delay imposed by "the Executive Office." In an email to the appraiser assigned to Kaplan's case, he wrote, "Is the county in a position to loan money free of interest for over a year in this economic environment?" After The Times began inquiring about the home last week, Renkei said the assessor's office would move to revalue it quickly. He said that, after 19 months, Kaplan still had not provided the county with the documentation necessary to prove there was more to the sale than just the house and land. "A reasonable amount of time has been given to the buyer in this case," he said. The house "should be revalued soon." If the fair market value of the house is determined to be higher than $11.5 million — a figure based on a 1997 appraisal — Kaplan will get a bill for the difference between the taxes on the old value and the new value for the time he has owned the house. He will not be charged interest. Kaplan is chief executive of Douglas Emmett, a commercial real estate firm that owns 58 high-end office towers and luxury apartment complexes in California and Hawaii. The receptionist who answered his phone said Kaplan was on vacation and would not be available to comment.1 | 2 |  Next





MORE:Seizure Led to FloJo's DeathHis 104 scores make his caseRestaurant review: South Beverly GrillBrutal Murder by Teen-Age Girls Adds to Britons' ShockComaneci Confirms Suicide Attempt, Magazine SaysAdvertisement


FROM THE ARCHIVESNoguez donor's firm got big cuts in property valuesJuly 2, 2012Ex-appraiser arrested in probe of assessor's officeMay 22, 2012How to seek a reduction on your home's property taxMarch 4, 2012Hanks thinks big. Make that 'biggest'February 20, 2010MORE STORIES ABOUTSalePacific PalisadesRea_estateCopyright 2017 Los Angeles TimesTerms of Service|Privacy Policy|Index by Date|Index by Keyword


























        1437127156 NPI number —  DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S.































































Tweet


Change Text Size | 
                            
                Sign In | 
                            

                Documentation | 
                            Contact Us




Lookups
SOAP/REST API
Medicare
Payers/EINs
Crosswalks
1500 Claim Form
Library
Validation
All Services




Medical Data Services
Healthcare Lookup Services
NPI Lookup
1437127156






NPI 1437127156:  DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S.














NPI Number 1437127156 General Information



 PNG

            
                 
            
 Text
            
                 
            
 PDF
            
                 
            
 XML
            
                 
            
{} JSON
            






NPI Number


                        1437127156
                    

Similar Providers
                        


Entity Type Code

                        Individual
                
Provider Name / Organization
 DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S.
Provider Business Mailing Address

 Copy Mailing Address


First Line
7550 W COLLEGE DR 
Second Line
 
City
PALOS HEIGHTS 
State
IL 
Postal Code (Zip)
60463-1026 
Country
US 
Phone
708-361-4626 
Fax
708-361-7686 
Provider Business Practice Location

 Copy Practice Location


First Line
7550 W COLLEGE DR 
Second Line
 
City
PALOS HEIGHTS 
State
IL 
Postal Code (Zip)
60463-1026 
Country
US 
Phone
708-361-4626 
Fax
708-361-7686 
Authorized Official

Title or Position
 
Name
   
Credential
  
Telephone Number
  
Provider Enumeration Date
03/09/2006 
Last Updated
07/08/2007 








Is this your account? 
Edit
Delete
Synchronize



















Detailed Information


            NPI Number 1437127156 has the "Individual" type of ownership and has been registered to the following primary business legal 
            name (which is a provider name or healthcare organization name) —  DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S.. Records indicate that the provider gender is "Male". 
            The enumeration date of this NPI Number is 03/09/2006. NPI Number information was last updated on 07/08/2007.
        
The provider is physically located (Business Practice Location) at:



                    7550 W COLLEGE DR 
                    PALOS HEIGHTS, IL
                    60463-1026, US
                


 DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S. can be reached at his practice location using the following numbers:

Phone:  708-361-4626
Fax:  708-361-7686
        
The provider's official mailing address is:



                    7550 W COLLEGE DR 
                    PALOS HEIGHTS, IL
                    60463-1026, US
                


The contact numbers associated with the mailing address are:

Phone:  708-361-4626
Fax:  708-361-7686
        

Scope of Practice
The following information about the specialty of the provider is available:



#
Taxonomy Code
Taxonomy Specialty
License Number
License State





                            1
                        

1223G0001X


General Practice




                            IL
                        










Legacy (other) Identifiers
For crosswalk purposes, the following legacy (non-NPI) identifiers are available for this provider:



#
Provider Identifier
Identifier Type
Identifier State
Issuer







Reference NPI Information

Full replica of the CMS (NPPES) NPI record:



Field Name
Value
Description





                                NPI
                            

                                1437127156
                            

                                10-position all-numeric identification number assigned by the NPS to uniquely identify a health care provider.
                            



                                Entity Type
                            

                                Individual
                            

                                Code describing the type of health care provider that is being assigned an NPI. Codes are:

1 = (Person): individual human being who furnishes health care;
2 = (Non-person): entity other than an individual human being that furnishes health care (for example, hospital, SNF, hospital subunit, pharmacy, or HMO).





                                Is Sole Proprietor
                            

                                X
                            

                                Indicate whether provider is a sole proprietor.

A sole proprietor is the sole (the only) owner of a business that is not incorporated; that unincorporated business is a sole proprietorship.
In a sole proprietorship, the sole proprietor owns all of the assets of the business and is solely liable for all of the debts of the business.
There is no difference between a sole proprietorship and a sole proprietor; they are legally a single entity: an individual.
In terms of NPI assignment, a sole proprietor is an Entity type 1 (Individual) and is eligible for only one NPI (the sole proprietorship business is not eligible for its own NPI).
As an individual, a sole proprietorship cannot be a subpart and cannot have subparts. (See NPI Final Rule for information about subparts.)
A sole proprietorship may or may not have employees.
Often, the IRS assigns an EIN to a sole proprietorship in order to protect the sole proprietor's SSN from disclosure in claims or on W-2s. NPPES does not capture a sole proprietorship's EIN.
Many types of health care providers could be sole proprietorships (for example, group practices, pharmacies, home health agencies).





                                Provider Last Name (Legal Name)
                            

                                KAPLAN
                            

                                The last name of the provider (if an individual). If the provider is an individual, this is the legal name. This name must match the name on file with the Social Security Administration (SSA). In addition, the date of birth must match that on file with SSA. (First and last names are required for initial applications.) The First, Middle, Last and Credential(s) fields allow the following special characters: ampersand, apostrophe, colon, comma, forward slash, hyphen, left and right parentheses, period, pound sign, quotation mark, and semi-colon. A field cannot contain all special characters.
                            



                                Provider First Name
                            

                                JORDAN
                            

                                The first name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Middle Name
                            

                                L
                            

                                The middle name of the provider, if the provider is an individual.
                            



                                Provider Name Prefix Text
                            

                                DR.
                            

                                The name prefix or salutation of the provider if the provider is an individual; for example, Mr., Mrs., or Corporal.
                            



                                Provider Credential Text
                            

                                D.D.S.
                            

                                The abbreviations for professional degrees or credentials used or held by the provider, if the provider is an individual. Examples are MD, DDS, CSW, CNA, AA, NP, RNA, or PSY. These credential designations will not be verified by NPS.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Mailing Address
                            

                                7550 W COLLEGE DR
                            

                                The first line mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider first line location address''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address City Name
                            

                                PALOS HEIGHTS
                            

                                The City name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address City name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address State Name
                            

                                IL
                            

                                The State or Province name in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address State name''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Postal Code
                            

                                60463-1026
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address postal code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address country code''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Telephone Number
                            

                                708-361-4626
                            

                                The telephone number associated with mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address telephone number''.
                            



                                Provider Business Mailing Address Fax Number
                            

                                708-361-7686
                            

                                The fax number associated with the mailing address of the provider being identified. This data element may contain the same information as ''Provider location address fax number''.
                            



                                Provider First Line Business Practice Location Address
                            

                                7550 W COLLEGE DR
                            

                                The first line location address of the provider being identified. For providers with more than one physical location, this is the primary location. This address cannot include a Post Office box.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address City Name
                            

                                PALOS HEIGHTS
                            

                                The city name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address State Name
                            

                                IL
                            

                                The State or Province name in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Postal Code
                            

                                60463-1026
                            

                                The postal ZIP or zone code in the location address of the provider being identified. NOTE: ZIP code plus 4-digit extension, if available.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Country Code
                            

                                US
                            

                                The country code in the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Telephone Number
                            

                                708-361-4626
                            

                                The telephone number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Business Practice Location Address Fax Number
                            

                                708-361-7686
                            

                                The fax number associated with the location address of the provider being identified.
                            



                                Provider Enumeration Date
                            

                                03/09/2006
                            

                                The date the provider was assigned a unique identifier (assigned an NPI).
                            



                                Last Update Date
                            

                                07/08/2007
                            

                                The date that a record was last updated or changed.
                            



                                Provider Gender Code
                            

                                M
                            

                                The code designating the provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Provider Gender
                            

                                Male
                            

                                The provider's gender if the provider is a person.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy Code #1
                            

                                1223G0001X
                            

                                The Health Care Provider Taxonomy code is a unique alphanumeric code, ten characters in length. The code set is structured into three distinct "Levels" including Provider Type, Classification, and Area of Specialization.
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy 1
                            

                                General Practice
                            

                                Healthcare Provider Taxonomy #1
                            



                                Provider License Number State Code 1
                            

                                IL
                            

                                Provider License Number State Code #1
                            



                                Healthcare Provider Primary Taxonomy Switch 1
                            

                                Y
                            

                                Primary Taxonomy:

X - The primary taxonomy switch is Not Answered;
Y - The taxonomy is the primary taxonomy (there can be only one per NPI record);
N - The taxonomy is not the primary taxonomy.






Driving Directions to " DR. JORDAN L KAPLAN  D.D.S." Practice Location

            These directions are for planning purposes only. You may find that construction projects, traffic, 
            or other events may cause road conditions to differ from the map results.
        


Yours Location (Starting point)
Practice Location (Destination)




























Join:
FAQ
Sign Up
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Our Customers
Site Map




Products & APIs:
Buy Medical Data
Cloud REST/SOAP API
1500 Claim Form to EDI
Crosswalk Services
Validation Services
NPI Registry Trends
Documentation
API Information
NPI Service FAQ
REST API Test Drive
Medical Coding Trainer




Medical Coding Library:
Medical Coding Library
NPI Registry
HCPCS Directory
National Drug Codes
ICD-9-CM Codes
ICD-10-CM Codes
ICD-10 Drugs & Chemicals
LOINC Codes Directory
MS-DRGs
Animal Drug Products
NAICS Code Directory
Medical Devices GUDID
EIN Directory
CMS Forms




Validation Services:
All Validation Services
HIPAA/EDI Validation
NPI Validation
UPIN Validation
EIN Validation
ITIN Validation
CLIA Validation
DUNS Validation
DUNS4 Validation
DEA Validation
TNS Validation
HIN Validation
UPC Code Validation
NHRIC Code Validation




Lookup Services:
NPI Number Lookup
HCPCS Codes Lookup
NDC Number Lookup
ICD-9 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Codes Lookup
ICD-10 Drugs Substance Lookup
CLIA Codes Lookup
NAICS Codes Lookup
LOINC Codes Lookup
DRG Lookup
Taxonomy Codes Lookup
Animal Drug Products Lookup
Global Medical Devices Lookup
PQRS Quality Measures Lookup
RxNorm Concept ID Lookup





                Copyright © 2004-2017 (Powered by
                Swiss Vault Engine), 
                all rights reserved. HIPAA liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply.
                All registered trademarks, used in the content, are the property of their owners. 
                Your interactions with this site are in accordance with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. The LOINC table, LOINC codes, and LOINC panels and forms file are copyright © 1995-2017, Regenstrief Institute, Inc.
            




























Home - Kaplan
























































 













Individuals
Businesses
Universities
 


Contact Us / Sign In






Individuals
Businesses
Universities
 



Individuals

Prepare for an Exam
Earn a Degree
Advance My Career
Learn English
Prepare for University


Businesses

Solutions

Onboarding
Productivity
Retention
Leadership


Locations

Americas
Europe
Middle East
Asia Pacific


Success Stories
CLO Insights
About Kaplan

Our Approach
Our History
Our People


Talk to Our Team


Universities

Professional & Licensure Exam Prep
Academic Advising
Internationalization
Infrastructure
Request Info


 




×



















Welcome toKAPLAN
Your edge in a competitive world.








SIGN IN:




Select site
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan University













Prepare for an Exam
Earn a Degree
Advance My Career
Learn English
Prepare for University
 















Prepare for an Exam 



Take the next step with confidence.





High School Exams


APGED





College Entrance exams


PSATACTSATSAT Subject Tests


 



GRADUATE SCHOOL ENTRANCE EXAMS


US AdmissionsInternational Admissions





ENGLISH LANGUAGE EXAM PREPARATION


TOEFL


 



Professional Education & Licensing


MedicineNursingLegalFinanceSecuritiesInsurance


 


Learn More







Earn a Degree 



Reach your goals faster - on your terms.





Social and Behavioral Sciences






Business






Criminal Justice






Education






Fire Science






Health Sciences






Legal Studies






Nursing






Information Technology






Special Military Programs






General Courses






Open College





Learn More







Advance My Career 



In a competitive world, Kaplan gives you an edge.





Finance






Insurance






Securities Licensing






Accountancy & Tax






Information Technology






Computer Programming






Data Science





Learn More







Learn English 



Master English in a setting that works for you.





English Courses


General EnglishBusiness EnglishExam Prep (TOEFL, GRE, etc)Work & StudyTeacher Training


 



Study Abroad




AustraliaNew ZealandCanadaSingaporeIreland 



United KingdomMaltaUnited States 






Learn More







Prepare for University 



Get into a prestigious college in the US, the UK or Australia.





AUSTRALIA








UNITED KINGDOM








UNITED STATES





 



English Language Training





 


Learn More
















Invest in your ambition.


Kaplan is dedicated to helping people like you achieve their dreams.













Careers at Kaplan


Explore Opportunities »
See Job Openings »







Kaplan Books

The Gold Standard in test prep.



Shop Books on Amazon »
Register a Book »







Kaplan Educational Foundation


Making college ambitions a reality


More About the Foundation »



































About Us
Contact Us
News
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
 





























Americas
United StatesKaplan Test Prep
Manhattan Prep
Grockit
pmbr
Kaplan International English
Global Pathways
Kaplan University
Kaplan Professional Education
Kaplan Schweser
Transcender
Dev Bootcamp
Metis
Colloquy
 

Europe, Middle East & Africa
United KingdomKaplan Test Prep
Picaro
Pro Linguis
Kaplan International English
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan Altior
Kaplan Financial
Kaplan Schweser
Kaplan Open Learning
Kaplan Residences
Dublin Business School
Middle EastKaplan International Colleges
Kaplan Schweser
Kaplan Test Prep
 

Asia

AustraliaKaplan International English
Murdoch Institute of Technology
University of Adelaide College
Kaplan Business School
Kaplan Professional Education
Kaplan Online Higher Education
Kaplan Test Prep
ChinaKaplan International Colleges
Kaplan Higher Education Academy
Kaplan English Language
ThailandKaplan Test Prep
Kaplan International English
 

SingaporeKaplan International Colleges
Kaplan International English
Kaplan Financial
Kaplan Learning Institute
Kaplan Professional
Kaplan Higher Education Academy
Kaplan Higher Education Institute
Hong KongKaplan Business & Accountancy School
Kaplan Financial
Kaplan Higher Education
Kaplan International Colleges
Kaplan Schweser
Kaplan Test Prep
IndiaKaplan International Colleges
Kaplan Schweser
Kaplan Test Prep
 




Belgium
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Dominican Republic
France
Germany
Ghana
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Malta
Mongolia
Morocco
Myanmar
New Zealand
Nigeria
Oman
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Russia
Rwanda
Sri Lanka
South Korea
Switzerland
Taiwan
Turkey
UAE
Venezuela
Vietnam
Zambia
 


View More CountriesHide



© 2016 Kaplan, Inc. All Rights Reserved



Sign In To
Kaplan Test Prep
Kaplan University
Coming Soon: Sign in to other Kaplan sites from here









