Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  If I'm being rejected from one thing, it's really just the path redirecting me elsewhere to where I'm supposed to be. Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Founder of MuslimGirl    













George Karfunkel | Wealth-X






































































ALREADY LOGGED IN






Proceed to Sign in Here


















Products & ServicesIndustriesIntelligence CentreAllWealth-X ReportsWealth-X InsightsDaily NewsAboutContactFollow Us: 



Client Login









Wealth-X
Billionaires
George Karfunkel






George  KARFUNKEL




Primary Position:
Director
Primary Company:
AmTrust Financial Services
Estimated Net Worth:
At least $1.3 billion
Source of Wealth:
Self-Made
Age:
69




Birthday:
May 1948
Religion:
Jewish
Nationality:
Hungary
Hometown:
, Hungary
Marital Status:
Married









Biography
 George Karfunkel's family reportedly migrated to the U.S. from Hungary in 1951. In 1971, along with his brother Michael Karfunkel established the American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a stock transfer firm. He served as the Senior Vice President. In 2008, the firm was sold to Pacific Equity Partners, an Australian private equity firm, for a reported $900 million. In 1998, the brothers founded AmTrust Financial Services, a property and casualty insurance company. The firm went public in 2006. He serves as a Director. He ...
Contact us to see more Biography
Education History

Institution Name:
 
Qualification Name:
 
Education Type:
 
Start Date:
 
End Date:
 

Contact us to see more Education History
Interesting Facts
In 2008, the Karfunkels sold their stock transfer business, American Stock Transfer & Trust Company to Pacific Equity Partners, an Australian private equity firm for a reported $900 million.
Contact us to see more Interesting Facts
Interests, Passion, Hobbies

Kind of Interests, Passion and Hobbies: Politics
Description: Karfunkel is a generous political donor. Lifetime giving exceeds $100,000.


Kind of Interests, Passion and Hobbies: Business - Leadership
Description: Karfunkel has been in top managerial positions of several companies. He serves as the Chairman of Sabr Group and as the Co-Chairman of CheckAlt. He also serves as a Director of several companies. 


Kind of Interests, Passion and Hobbies: Business - Entrepreneurship
Description: Co-founded the American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, a stock transfer company along with his brother in 1971. They sold the company for a reported $900 million in 2008.

Contact us to see more Interests, Passion, Hobbies
Philanthropy

Giving Profile: President of the Chesed Foundation of America. In 2013, the foundation had assets exceeding $150 million and donated more than $11 million; gives primarily to religious, educational and social causes. Recipients include: Rabbi Shlomo Kluger, American Friends of Belz International Dover Shalom, Yeshiva Rabbi Shlomo Kluger, Yeshiva Chasan Sofer, Bais Rivkah Rochel School, Merkaz Olim, Bobover Yeshiva, Bnos Zion, Congregation Toldos Aharon, Congregation Yeshiva Shaar Hatalmud, Congregation Sharai Tzion, Temple Kehillat Chaim, Yeshiva Toras Ahron, Yeshiva Darchei Chaim, Kollel Maane Simche, Congregation Kollel ACB, Ichud Chasidim, Parnasa Initiative, Womens Networking for Single Parents, Congregation Sharai Hatalmud, Kollel Breslev, Congregation Bais Joseph Tzvi, Beth Jacob of Boro Park, Histadrus Harabonim, Empire State Charity Fund Foundation, Mashmidim Shefa Chaim, Yeshiva Bobov Bnai Zion and many others. Notable gifts include: In 2013, the foundation donated more than $7 million to Rabbi Shlomo Kluger; in 2012, donated more than $3 million to the American Friends of Belz International Dover Shalom; between 2001 and 2013, donated more than $1.5 million to the Yeshiva Rabbi Shlomo Kluger; and between 2001 and 2013, donated more than $1 million to the Yeshiva Chasan Sofer. He is also a Trustee of the Karfunkel Family Foundation. In 2013, the foundation had assets exceeding $7.5 million and in 2011 donated more than $500,000; gives primarily to religious and educational causes. Recipients include: HAD Foundation, HID Foundation, Chesed Foundation of America, HOD Foundation, Yeshiva Rabbi Sholom Kluger, Yeshiva Chasam Sofer, Merkaz Leumi, Bnei Torah Movement, Kollel Yetev Lev, Yeshivas Beth Hillel, Kehilath Chaim, Congregation Vayoel Moshe, Congregation Zighron Shlom, Congregation Ahavas Shalom, Camp Machnei Divrei Yoel, Khal Binyan Davod, and many others. He has also individually donated to several organizations like: YIVO Institute for Jewish Research, Boys & Girls Clubs of America and others. 

Contact us to see more Philanthropy
Clubs & Boards
Clubs and Boards is only available in Wealth-X Professional
Known Associates
Known Associates is only available in Wealth-X Professional
Family Details
Family Details is only available in Wealth-X Professional



Now Available: World Ultra Wealth Report 2017  
 



The fifth edition of this flagship report analyses the state of the world’s ultra high net worth (UHNW) population, and this year revealed global growth of 3.5% among other surprising finds.  
      Download Now 


 

Daily Wealth IntelligenceSign up to receive daily wealth intelligence, news, and insight right in your inbox.Subscribe












Learn More About Wealth-X Products and Services:


Contact Us



















   George Karfunkel | Amtrust Financial Services, Inc. | ZoomInfo.com













George & Michael Karfunkel Net Worth





















pinterest-p



mail



bubble



share2



google-plus




facebook



twitter



rss



reddit



linkedin2





stumbleupon















































 

















ShareOn Facebook









Tweet




Share




Email




Comment















Search






 


Leave A Comment




 



 
George & Michael Karfunkel Net Worth




TheRichest


• Richest Businessmen




ShareOn Facebook









Tweet




Share




Email




Comment

















 
Net Worth: $3.2 Billion

Info 


Statistics

Source of Wealth Insurance, Real EstateFull Name George Karfunkel, Michael KarfunkelNationality AmericanOccupation Businessman 





 



About George & Michael Karfunkel
George and Michael Karfunkel are American businessmen with an estimated net worth of $3.2 billion as of April 2016 according to Forbes. Most of the brothers’ fortune came from their insurance and real estate investments.
George Karfunkel, 65, currently serves as the director of the company, a position he has been serving since 1998. He is also the present Chairman of the New York-based Sabr Group. Meanwhile, Michael Karfunkel serves as the founder, Chairman (since 2010) and CEO (since 2012) of the company.
Immigrating from Hungary, the duo first earned their fortune from their stock transfer agency which they sold to an Australian private equity firm in 2008 for $900 million. Currently, George, Michael, and the other members of the Karfunkel family are major shareholders at the AmTrust Financial which was founded in 1998. Aside from being real estate investors, they also manage the Worldwide TechServices, a company that specializes in computer maintenance.






ShareOn Facebook









Tweet




Share




Email




Comment















 

More in Richest BusinessmenDonald Trump Net WorthJeff Bezos Net WorthPablo Escobar Net WorthBill Gates Net WorthMark Zuckerberg Net WorthJohn McAfee Net WorthRussell Simmons Net WorthJordan Belfort Net WorthAnthony Scaramucci Net Worth George Jung Net Worth








On TheRichest.com

Trending
Latest












15 Photos Of Current WWE Divas Looking “Not So PG”











15 Hollywood Backsides That Prove Big Is Beautiful











21 Hottest Stars Of The 90s And Where They Are Now


  








8 Stars Who Didn’t Want A Love Scene With Co-Stars (And 8 Who Did)











15 Celebs Who Haven’t Realized They Aren’t Famous Anymore











17 TV Actors Who Tried To Make It On The Big Screen And Failed Miserably


 





 

 














 




 
















George Karfunkel - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















George Karfunkel
Board Member at AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you George Karfunkel? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George Karfunkel's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in George Karfunkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George Karfunkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George Karfunkel through your network of contacts.
												








George Karfunkel's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.


Board Member, 
Eastman Kodak Company


Past
To view George Karfunkel's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
68

 
 


George Karfunkel's Biography



George Karfunkel, 68, Director since 1998, is currently the Chairman of Sabr Group, a consulting company based in New York City. Mr. Karfunkel was a director, the former Senior Vice President and co-owner of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, a stock transfer company, which he founded in 1971 with his brother, Michael Karfunkel, and sold in 2008. Mr. Karfunkel's real estate holdings include major office buildings in New York, Chicago and several other cities, which he holds through entities he controls with Leah Karfunkel. The Karfunkels also are co-owners of Worldwide TechServices, LLC, a computer maintenance and services company. ...
(Read More)

			George Karfunkel, 68, Director since 1998, is currently the Chairman of Sabr Group, a consulting company based in New York City. Mr. Karfunkel was a director, the former Senior Vice President and co-owner of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, a stock transfer company, which he founded in 1971 with his brother, Michael Karfunkel, and sold in 2008. Mr. Karfunkel's real estate holdings include major office buildings in New York, Chicago and several other cities, which he holds through entities he controls with Leah Karfunkel. The Karfunkels also are co-owners of Worldwide TechServices, LLC, a computer maintenance and services company. Mr. Karfunkel serves as vice chairman of The Upstate Bank, a nationally-chartered community bank, co-chairman of CheckAlt Payment Solutions, a provider of automated and electronic check transaction processing, a director of The Berkshire Bank, an independent bank based in New York, and a director of Eastman Kodak Company, a technology company focused on imaging for business. 
Mr. Karfunkel has been selected to serve on the Board of Directors because he is a successful businessman with more than 45 years of experience in the ownership and management of and investment in the financial services industry, including insurance, banking and real estate. In addition, Mr. Karfunkel, together with Mr. Zyskind, are two of our founding stockholders.
		
Source: AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. on 04/11/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view George Karfunkel's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like George Karfunkel. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in George Karfunkel's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in George Karfunkel's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with George Karfunkel through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: George Karfunkel


















George Karfunkel's Connections (55)





Sign up now to view George Karfunkel's 55 connections »









Antonio M. Perez
Former President and Chief Executive Officer, Eastman Kodak Company









Patrick M. Sheller
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, Mead Johnson Nutrition Company









Brad W. Kruchten
Senior Vice President and President, Print Systems, Eastman Kodak Company









Kim E. VanGelder
Board Member, Financial Institutions, Inc.









Laura G. Quatela
Former President, Eastman Kodak Company









Douglas J. Edwards
Former Senior Vice President and President, Digital Printing and Enterprise, Eastman Kodak Company









Mark S. Burgess
Board Member, Eastman Kodak Company









William G. Parrett
Lead Independent Director, Blackstone









John A. Janitz
Lead Independent Director, STR Holdings, Inc.









Eric-Yves Mahe
Senior Vice President and President, Software and Solutions, Eastman Kodak Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 





		The Mitzvah Factory | Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation	


The Mitzvah Factory – Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation





























 








 
 











Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation
 - In-depth financial investigative reporting for the common good





Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation
		(http://sirf-online.org/2014/08/17/the-mitzvah-factory/)
	






Stories
The Mitzvah Factory
 By Roddy Boyd | August 17, 2014






 Edel Rodriguez


Imagine you and your younger brother are poor Jewish kids in mid-1950s Hungary. Unlike so many, you managed to avoid the Holocaust only to be swept up in a bitter revolt against the cruel Soviet occupation government.
The revolt fails, and like tens of thousands of your countrymen you leave your homeland and its bloodshed, and manage to make your way to New York and a new future.
Your name is Michael Karfunkel, your younger brother is George and, fast forwarding nearly 60 years, your future is something even Horatio Alger wouldn’t have thought possible.
Quiet careers in business at the periphery of Wall Street, New York, real estate and the insurance industry, with an aversion to publicity that is rarely seen, have made both men billionaires, according to Forbes magazine.
Like so many rich people, the Karfunkels opened non-profit foundations to share
their good fortune. Through the donation of large blocks of AmTrust Financial Services shares — an insurance concern they built in the 1990s — their foundations have amassed considerable size as the share price rose: by the end of 2013 Michael Karfunkel’s Hod Foundation had assets of $286 million; his brother George’s Chesed Foundation of America had assets of $293 million.
(Their foundations give almost exclusively to yeshivas and synagogues connected to Haredi Judaism, many of which are affiliated with the Belz Hasidic sect.)
And this is where the story would normally end: a miraculously successful pair of brothers who, in their later years — Michael is now 71 and George is 65 — have the rare privilege of seeing their fortunes put to good use.
Except that, taking a hard look at how these foundations operate leaves a lot more questions than answers.
For three months the Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation analyzed the foundations’ publicly available documents, primarily though CitizenAudit.org, an online repository of non-profit foundation annual reports. What we found was that all good intentions aside (Hod means “prayerful submission” in Hebrew and Chesed translates to “loving kindness”), regulatory filings indicate that the foundations, while generously supportive of the Belz Hasidic community, have become key instruments in furthering the Karfunkels’ business interests.
Unfortunately for them, based on SIRF’s analysis, it appears that their management of the foundations may expose them to regulatory scrutiny and possibly force them to sell a large amount of their foundation’s AmTrust shares, creating a material concern for company shareholders.
What follows below is how lax regulation and imprudent management turned the capstone of the American dream into what may be the first act of an American nightmare.
—————————–
The Karfunkel brothers non-profit foundations reflect their unusual tolerance for risk.
George and Michael Karfunkel’s first attempt at making their way on Wall Street is illustrative. Employees at a mutual fund boiler room called Economic Planning Corp., their bid to diversify the firm into the capital markets ended with them in the center of a wide-ranging pump and dump scam that collapsed in 1971. Never disclosed in their AmTrust filings, the Securities and Exchange Commission injunction and suspensions they received hardly set them back.
In response to a question about the lack of disclosure surrounding their SEC sanctions, the Karfunkels’ spokesman, Kekst and Company’s Robert Siegfried, said the brothers have nothing to disclose, having sought and obtained a dissolution of the SEC injunction in January, 2000. (The Karfunkels’ spokesman declined to provide SIRF with the motions arguing for dismissal, stating that they are a matter of public record. A search of PACER the online legal database, however, did not yield any results.)
Their next venture, American Stock Transfer & Trust, a share registry that tracked changes in holders of record in the stock and options of publicly-traded corporations, was a spectacular success and was sold to an Australian company for $1 billion in May 2008.
While managing American Stock Transfer, the brothers began cobbling together seemingly disparate insurance units in 1998, calling the collection AmTrust Financial Services. The company listed shares in 2006 with Barry Zyskind, Michael Karfunkel’s son-in-law, installed as chief executive.
Unlike other medium-sized commercial insurers like W.R. Berkeley who focus on standard retail and commercial policy business, AmTrust is a publicly-traded portfolio of  insurance risks, like Italian medical malpractice, manufacturer warranties and California workers’ compensation.
From enough distance, there’s wisdom aplenty in seeking out niche markets as less competition in insurance can offer high returns, but those profits come with ample risk.
There is an established pattern of insurance companies that grow quickly misjudging the breadth of risk in their portfolio and facing cruel reckonings when claims begin to mount and reserves prove inadequate.
AmTrust, however, has had no reckoning despite a mounting chorus of critics who have voiced their concerns over the quality of its disclosures and accounting.  The company’s response to the skeptics was bolstered by the company’s strong recent earnings report.
The Hod and Chesed foundation’s employ risk in a fashion rarely seen in other private foundations. This is an interesting orientation for a foundation given that the IRS, the federal regulator for private foundations, has a blunt view of the role of risk in managing foundation’s operations and assets — namely, to avoid it.
But in case a foundation executive didn’t get the message, the IRS released guidelines designed to prevent “a lack of reasonable business care and prudence” in the foundation’s management.
Called “Jeopardizing Investments,” the IRS document promises additional scrutiny of a foundation if it starts to do things like use options, employ leverage or started making swing-for-the-fences trades, where the risk/reward ration was clearly skewed towards risk.
Spending time in the Hod and Chesed filings reveals that the IRS memorandum didn’t make much of an impression on the Karfunkels because much of what the IRS warned about is how their foundations have regularly done business.
For instance, they used their foundations to make aggressive, directional market bets on controversial stocks. To that end, consider Michael Karfunkel’s waltz with Fannie Mae put options in mid-2008.
According to the Hod Foundation filings, starting in June 2008 and ending a year later, Michael Karfunkel began selling put options on Fannie Mae stock, a strategy that limited his profit to the option premium (or price) on the put options he sold.
But in mid-2008, Fannie Mae, the Grand Central Terminal of mortgage risk, was the proverbial house on fire, a once high-flying company en route to a collapse into  conservatorship.
The high-stakes wager on Fannie Mae’s survival cost the foundation a total of $10.5 million. The rationale for the trade aside, it is a fine example of the skewed risk/reward ratio the IRS warned about — Hod’s profits were capped at $2.6 million.
Chesed also paid dearly for George Karfunkel’s adventures with Citigroup options trading in 2008, when he sold nearly 500 put option contracts, making him effectively long the stock as the bank began to totter towards its mid-September bailout. Like his brothers bet on Fannie Mae, he was effectively betting that an institution laden with dubious mortgage-related securities would emerge essentially unscathed from the then raging crisis.
As it stands, it was a spectacularly bad bet, with the trade costing Chesed over $820,000, with potential profits capped at about $105,000. Similar bets on AIG (a loss of nearly $500,000) and Lehman Brothers (a loss of almost $250,000) also proved costly.
Another remarkable aspect of these trades is their timing, with the Lehman Brothers and AIG option positions being opened on Friday, Sept.12, with both once iconic companies promptly collapsing that weekend. The historical price action for both Lehman and AIG in the weeks leading up to that Friday is testament to the depth of investor panic. Shorting the puts of these companies wasn’t so much speculation as an attempt to catch a falling knife.
Contrary to the Karfunkel’s assertions below, losses from their option trading adventures — in combination with the collapse in the equity markets — had a disastrous effect on the fair market value of the foundation’s portfolios, with declines of 64 percent for Hod and 43 percent for Chesed.
Through their spokesman, the Karfunkel’s responded that the use of options — common among veteran market participants such as themselves — did not lead to a material decline in the size of the foundation portfolios, especially given the intensity of the 2008-2009 market collapse. A chart they provided SIRF of both foundations portrayed their book value growth as favorable to a peer group of similarly-sized family foundations. This is the full Karfunkel reply.
The more you dig into how Hod and Chesed conduct their affairs, the idea of the foundations as complex economic vehicles begins to emerge.
For instance both foundations use margin — money borrowed from a bank or broker — to (presumably) amplify investment returns. The 2011 Chesed filing lists a $9.8 million margin account; Hod’s 2013 margin account filing shows just under $1.35 million of margin owed.
Moreover, both foundations regularly extend loans, like Hod’s unnamed $2.5 million receivable from 2013. This is a potential red flag: According to regulations, foundations are allowed to receive zero interest loans, but they are prohibited from making loans or extending credit, especially to what the IRS refers to as “disqualified persons,” a term meaning the founder, their spouse and immediate family members, as well as substantial donors to the fund.
These issues come to the fore when the relationships between Hod and Chesed and a complex entity called the Michael Karfunkel 2005 Grantor Annuity Trust are explored. Known in financial planning circles as a GRAT, these structures are a popular way for the ultra-wealthy to pass down part of their estate tax-free.
GRAT’s allow a grantor like Michael Karfunkel to transfer assets into a trust for a specified period; in return the trust pays the grantor an annuity over a set period of time. At the end of the term, what assets remain can be distributed tax-free among beneficiaries. Distilled to its essence, a GRAT is a bet that the assets in the trust will increase in value. (This Bloomberg News article argues that for the grantor, the bet often pays off spectacularly.)
Filings disclose that Hod was owed money by the Michael Karfunkel 2005 Grantor Annuity Trust $375,055 in 2010 and 2011, and Chesed started disclosing a receivable in 2010 with a $199,219 loan. After 2011, Hod’s filings no longer mention a receivable to the GRAT but Chesed does.
With the beneficiaries of the trust disclosed as Michael Karfunkel’s wife Leah and their children, including his daughter Esther (the wife of AmTrust CEO Barry Zyskind), the concept of the GRAT owing money is troubling, given the self-dealing prohibitions described above.
More than just being at the center of a series of eyebrow-raising transactions, however, the Michael Karfunkel 2005 GRAT is also the owner of ACP Re Holdings Ltd., a Bermuda-based reinsurer that is attempting to purchase troubled insurer Tower Group International Ltd.
One of the fundamental questions SIRF had about Michael Karfunkel’s GRAT was about a July 22, 2013 SEC filing disclosing that he had “gifted” 320,000 (worth over $10 million at the then share price) AmTrust shares to the GRAT. Two things are noteworthy about the filing: The first is that it was made four months late, with the transaction occurring on March 25. The second is that making a contribution of additional shares to a GRAT is flat out forbidden.
In reply to SIRF’s questions, the Karfunkel’s said that no loans were extended to or from the GRAT, but rather the receivable balance was due to the transfer agent getting behind on book-entries which led to the GRAT receiving dividends otherwise owed to Hod, a problem soon discovered and corrected.
The issue of the additional contribution to the GRAT was, according to the spokesman, part of the transfer agent lag time issue referenced above. (Their response in full is here.)
The Karfunkel response is, quite frankly, odd. Start with the fact that IRS and SEC filings have no record of, or reference to, any stock transfer whatsoever between Hod and the GRAT. (An elaboration on these points from the Karfunkels’ spokesman is linked at the bottom.)
Reconciling the balance of their reply with the documentary record didn’t get any easier.
For example, the GRAT, by definition, is prohibited from distributing assets — like their purported 2008 gift of AmTrust shares to Hod — to anyone (including beneficiaries) until the annuity with Michael Karfunkel, the grantor, is executed. Whatever the attributes or drawbacks to the GRAT as a financial instrument, it is designed as a simple contract: There is an annuitant (Karfunkel), the beneficiaries (his family) and the rest is math. Based on interviews with Wall Street operations department veterans, it appears unusual that a transfer agent would be unable to discern who the grantor was.
Nor would a “donation” from a GRAT — imagining that it was even legally feasible — be a rational exercise: If a donor wanted to make a donation to a charity, why would they take assets from the tax-advantaged GRAT structure and defeat the purpose of passing on tax-free gains to beneficiaries?
For an independent view, SIRF called Richard B. Covey, the 85-year-old Carter Ledyard & Milburn LLP partner who developed the GRAT in 1990 and without using their name, described the Karfunkel GRAT transactions, as laid out in the SEC and IRS filings transactions.
Contacted at his Spring Lake, N.J., home in early August, Mr. Covey was blunt in his response to the scenario we posed.
“That’s an absurd question. No one rational would seek to add assets after the annuity is struck, it would violate the agreement under most every understanding of [a GRAT],” said Covey. “They would be better off just [opening] a second GRAT.”
When asked to elaborate on this, Covey said the construct of a GRAT is cut and dry: Its fundamental component is the annuity, which, at bottom, is a contract that takes an asset and pays out a specified amount at some agreed upon date in the future.
Adding assets after the contract is struck changes the contract’s entire equation, Covey said. Nor, for the record, did he understand why a GRAT could make a donation.
Covey, when asked if there was some long-buried exception to these GRAT rules, said that without resorting to broad brush condemnations, he still wouldn’t want to be a lawyer pressing the argument in front of a [hypothetical] judge but perhaps, “there is a one in one thousand scenario where they could [convince a judge an exception was warranted].”
—————————–
The Karfunkel brothers foundations grew to their current size after an earlier family charitable vehicle, the Karfunkel Family Foundation, distributed most of its assets to Hod and Chesed between 2000 and 2003 — almost $45 million, or 87 percent of its then $51 million was given to the foundations — and their asset base continued to grow sharply afterwards from large grants of AmTrust and other stocks.
That’s all standard enough. What’s really interesting is buried towards the back of the filings where the donations are disclosed, where some arithmetic reveals that the large blocks of stock donated were valued at prices sharply higher than the market price on the day of the grant.
There’s only one beneficiary from inflating an asset value and it’s the donor, who gets a receipt allowing them to claim an out sized — and inappropriate — deduction. For its part, a foundation is saddled with an overpriced asset that locks in a loss if they sell in the near term and which exaggerates their asset base.
The donation of overvalued shares was not a one-time event for the Karfunkel brothers, but was done at least six times between 2005 and 2012.
Of the nearly $110 million in shares Chesed received from George Karfunkel, SIRF estimates that almost $31 million of this came from valuations above the then-market prices.
For his part, Michael Karfunkel’s donation on Dec. 31, 2009 of Fannie Mae, Maiden Holdings and AmTrust stock that he valued at $60,974,615 to Hod appear to have been $8.65 million overvalued.
To prevent something like this from happening, the IRS implemented an accounting policy, fair market value, to serve as a template for gifts of publicly listed securities. Whether its Berkshire Hathaway or a mercurial biotech start-up, all stock gifts are put on the books at the average of the high and low-trades on the day the donation is made.
So how could rich, sophisticated donors like the Karfunkels stumble over this methodology?
SIRF asked Ronnie McLure, a Dallas, Texas, accountant and university professor whose practice has frequently provided accounting services to private foundations, if there is room for interpretation in the statutes.
“There isn’t really a way around using fair market value for public securities,” McLure said. “The Federal regulations make that one easy and with liquid stocks the accountant can’t avoid it.”
Regardless, the Karfunkels seem to prefer a more freewheeling approach.
Consider the Nov. 1, 2005 donation of 187,500 shares of MRU Holdings to Chesed. Valued at $806,250 in the annual filing, this implies a price of $4.30 a share. The closing price on that date, however, was $1.03, making Chesed’s valuation — and his deduction — over $613,000 greater than if he had donated it at market price.
Other instances would emerge.
On Jul. 1, 2009 George Karfunkel gave Chesed one million shares of Plano, Texas-based energy concern Cubic Energy and 6.15 million shares of AmTrust, worth, the filing asserted, $78.33 million. Chesed’s claimed value was well above the market value of the securities. According to Yahoo!Finance, the average of the high and low prices for Cubic and AmTrust on Jul. 1, 2009 were, respectively, $1.07 and $11.55 versus Chesed’s implied values of $4.50 and $12 per share.
(SIRF used Yahoo!Finance for historical prices and used the unadjusted stock price to reflect the price of the security on that date so that subsequent dividends and stock splits would not distort comparisons.)
Using the average of the high and low stock prices on Jul. 1, 2009, the gift should have been worth $72.1 million.
On Jul. 1, 2010, Chesed received 380,853 shares of Citigroup from Karfunkel that it claimed were worth $17.98 million, or $47.21 per share.
Citigroup’s average share price on the date the donation was recorded was $3.74, making the value of the entire block of stock just over $1.42 million, a difference of $16.55 million.
And it gets weirder.
Recall that Chesed’s tax year is from Jul. 1 to Jun. 30 (the 2010 Form 990 has a filing date of Jun. 30, 2011), so when Citigroup announced a 1-10 reverse split on May 9, 2011, the share prices were readjusted upwards by a factor of 10. What Chesed did is claim a value for the Jul. 1, 2010 donation that was not in effect until over 10 months later.
Incredibly, even after the reverse split, Chesed’s implied value of $47.21 (or $4.72) was still above the $3.74 average Jul. 1, 2010 price.
In 2012, George Karfunkel made another two grants to Chesed: 200,000 shares of Organovo on November 13 and 1.8 million shares of BioTime on Jul. 1. Valued at $12.67 million, or $9.35 and $6 a share, respectively, the claimed values were again higher than Organovo’s then-average market prices of $2.34 and BioTime’s $4.38. (The market was closed Jul. 1, 2012 so SIRF used prices from Jun. 29, 2012.)
The fair value of the gift comes in just under $3.72 million, $8.95 million under what Chesed stated.
 




Company 


Symbol 


Shares Granted


Value of Grant


Implied Px.


FMV


Difference




MRU Holdings



187,500


$806,250


$4.30


$1.03


$613,125




Cubic Energy


CBNR


1,000,000


$4,500,000


$4.50


$1.07


$3,435,000




AmTrust 


AFSI


6,150,000


$73,835,500


$12.01


$11.55


$2,803,000




Citigroup


C


380,853


$17,980,070


$47.21


$3.74


$16,557,584




BioTime


BTX


200,000


$1,870,000


$9.35


$4.48


$975,000




Organovo


ONVO


1,800,000


$10,800,000


$6.00


$2.34


$6,588,000







$109,791,820




$30,971,709




How did a pair of billionaires end up donating over $170 million dollars of stock at prices that were not fully reflective of the then market conditions? The answer isn’t clear but the Karfunkels, as the sole signatories and directors of their foundations, sure can’t claim ignorance.
In response to SIRF questions, the Karfunkels replied that the issue was a time lag between the date of the donation and the foundation’s receipt of the shares. See their full response here. With regard to the grant of Citigroup shares discussed above, the issue was apparently more complex:
“The lag time between date of the grant by George Karfunkel and date of receipt of the shares by Chesed spanned approximately 2 years. The reason for the long lag time was that the certificates for Citicorp shares donated by George Karfunkel bore a legend and could not be transferred physically at the time he made the donation.”
Like the reply to SIRF’s GRAT questions above, the Karfunkel’s answer frames an unusual scenario that is difficult to square with current market practices.
The concept of the physical delivery or transfer of shares between a buyer and seller — or a donor and foundation — is something that over the past 25 years has become increasingly rare in the U.S. capital markets. To be fair, there are hobbyists who collect stock certificates, and, rarer still, investors who insist on having their shares in physical form to prevent them from being lent out to short-sellers, but beyond that, share transfers in the U.S. capital markets are entirely digital.
It bears recalling that the Karfunkel brothers founded and ran a successful, technologically advanced stock transfer operation and would, as a matter of daily business, understand fully what is necessary to transfer stock to another entity. As such, the central role repeated transfer agency mistakes play in their explanation for both the GRAT above and the valuation question is notable.
The concept of a legend posing a significant hurdle for the transfer of the shares is also difficult to wrap your arms around.
A legend is a restriction on the sale or transfer of stock, usually because the shares were purchased during a private placement of shares (a sale of stock to higher-net worth investors or institutions) that requires an agreed upon holding period, or, alternately, legends are often attached to shares issued as payment in a transaction. To remove a legend requires two things George Karfunkel had ample access to: a legal opinion stating that the conditions of the restriction had been fulfilled and a transfer agent to process the removal.
Poking around SEC filings, however, brought the explanation. In Aug. 2000, Michael and George Karfunkel sold a unit of American Stock Transfer & Trust then called AST StockPlan Inc. to Citigroup for an undisclosed sum. An SEC filing, a registration statement called an S-3, notes that as of Dec. 20, 2001, each brother held 380,853 shares of the bank. A previous registration referenced a filing the Karfunkel brothers made on Sept. 26, 2000, and which was approved by the SEC on Oct. 5, 2000, granting registration (and transferability) for the majority of their Citigroup holdings.
Additionally, there is the quality of the foundation’s disclosures.
If, as the Karfunkels warrant, there was a substantial difference between the date of every stock donation the brothers made to Hod and Chesed and the receipt of the shares, then the IRS filings should reflect that the date the foundation received those shares is the formal date of donation. The IRS rules on the issue leave little to the imagination.
In late July, SIRF attempted to contact Henry Reinhold, the Brooklyn accountant who is paid around $40,000 annually to prepare the Karfunkel foundation annual filings (he also prepares the filings for Barry Zyskind’s Teferes foundation) and served as an officer of American Stock Transfer & Trust and an AmTrust subsidiary. Samuel Reinhold, Henry’s son declined comment on his behalf.
—————————–
Per Alexander Pope, if mighty contests really do rise from trivial things, then the Karfunkels may someday wish they had given a different answer to question 3a on page 5, part VIIB on the Hod and Chesed annual filing.
The question, “Did the foundation hold more than a 2 percent direct or indirect interest in any business enterprise at any time during the year?” was checked off in the negative but its own filings say otherwise.
The Karfunkel brothers foundations are chock full of AmTrust shares; Hod and Chesed, respectively, hold 9.6 percent and 10.5 percent of the shares outstanding.
In case there is any doubt, according to the most recent proxy agreement, the Karfunkel family controls 59 percent, or 44.4 million of AmTrust’s 75.3 million shares outstanding. The Hod Foundation controls just over 7.2 million of these shares and Chesed has 7.9 million.
Keeping their economic good fortune closely wrapped in a series of family trusts and foundations was an understandable strategy by the Karfunkel brothers. AmTrust is literally a family business — apart from Barry Zyskind, several of Michael and George’s children hold important positions in its subsidiaries — and their massive stake in the company makes it immune to takeover or raids from activist investors. Moreover, Wall Street’s analysts and money managers often find attractive a company whose founders have maintained a large equity stake once they have publicly listed the stock.
So it is an irony of cosmic proportions that their moves to insure the effective Karfunkel family control of AmTrust may well lead to that iron grip being forcibly shattered.
The problem, in a nutshell, isn’t so much that the annual filings don’t reflect the truth so much as it is that the U.S. government has some unmistakable rules in place to prevent private foundations from holding that much stock in an enterprise.
A quick history lesson: in the 1960s, officials from the Department of the Treasury began to cast a skeptical eye on the use of private foundations to warehouse large corporate ownership positions company on the view that it was a distortion of both free-market and non-profit principles. The rule that emerged to combat this is IRS section 4943 and it is primarily concerned with the idea of excess business holdings, or the amount of stock a private foundation can own — Here is an accessible primer on key aspects of the rule — when so-called disqualified persons (the founder, directors, their family members and key donors) have significant holdings too.
Traditionally the IRS mandates a bit of arithmetic to get to the foundations “permitted holdings” figure — the formula being 20 percent of the shares outstanding less the percentage of stock held by disqualified persons. In this case the Karfunkel family and their controlled entities own about 59 percent, making the point moot.
Under a provision of rule 4943 there is a second approach, known as the “de minimus rule,” with each foundation permitted to hold 2 percent of the shares outstanding, meaning that Hod and Chesed could hold slightly more than 1.5 million each.
It is difficult to interpret the IRS rules as meaning anything other than a lot of AmTrust stock needs to be sold or donated away — about 6.4 million shares for Chesed and 5.7 million shares for Hod, nearly 16 percent of the shares outstanding.
There is a catch, and as catches go, it is a significant one: the AmTrust stock that Hod and Chesed need to sell cannot be sold to those same disqualified persons, meaning that neither the brothers nor their families can bid for any shares the others foundation is forced to sell. (A second option is for the shares to be donated to an unaffiliated public charity, like the Red Cross, who would almost certainly begin selling the shares upon delivery.)
That’s news no AmTrust investor, even with the stock price on a tear, likely wants to hear.
For the Karfunkels and, seemingly, AmTrust investors, this headache has been a long time brewing.
Hod and Chesed began to build up there massive position in AmTrust stock at the end of 2007 when an otherwise unmemorable SEC filing disclosed a transfer of AmTrust shares on Dec. 31, 2007 from New Gulf Holdings, a holding company the brothers jointly owned, to Hod and Chesed. An additional transfer took place on Aug. 1, 2008. When the dust settled, the foundations owned more than 5.6 percent of the then nearly 60 million shares outstanding and had crossed the 2 percent de minimus threshold the IRS had laid down.
















2007


2008


2009


2010


2011


2012


2013


2014




Hod


669,643


1,819,643


5,812,500


5,812,500


5,964,277


5,964,277


6,560,704


7,216,773




Chesed


401,786


1,551,786


5,544,643


5,544,643


6,551,786


6,551,786


7,206,964


7,927,660




Shares Outstanding


59,959,000


59,989,839


59,330,836


59,349,202


59,638,526


60,210,356


67,326,549


75,320,865




% Shares












Hod 


1.1%


3.0%


9.8%


9.8%


10.0%


9.9%


9.7%


9.6%




Chesed


0.7%


2.6%


9.3%


9.3%


11.0%


10.9%


10.7%


10.5%




An outside observer, aware of the Karfunkels’ business successes, can be forgiven for struggling to understand how basic guardrails of non-profit law like the IRS’ permitted holdings rule were blown through.
They certainly had enough time to comply, since the IRS gives foundations a five-year window to dispose of gifted shares. So in Chesed’s case, after receiving 6.15 million AmTrust shares from George Karfunkel on Jul. 1, 2009, the foundation had until this Jul. 1 to whittle down the stake to the requisite 2 percent of the shares outstanding. Hod, having received its AmTrust stock from Michael Karfunkel on Dec. 31, 2009, has until Dec. 31 to meet the requirements.
Being tax law, of course, no rule would be complete without footnotes and buried exceptions and IRS rule 4943 (emphasis added) is no different, providing foundations an additional five-year window to sell down excess business holdings but even this has a proviso to be hurdled: the foundations can only qualify if they demonstrate that “Diligent efforts to dispose of such holdings have been made within the initial 5-year period.” This is going to be a tough sell since the past five years saw the brothers actively adding AmTrust shares into their foundations.
To put some teeth into the rules, the IRS taxes those foundations not in compliance 10 percent on the excess holdings of shares; lest that message not be received, the IRS levies an additional 200 percent tax penalty for any excess holdings not disposed of by the end of the foundation’s tax year.
In this case, that’s Jun. 30, 2015 and the size of a prospective fine, even with a back of the envelope calculation, rapidly crosses into $100 million territory if the IRS isn’t satisfied.
In a reply to SIRFs request for comment regarding the foundation’s AmTrust holdings,  the Karfunkel’s spokesman wrote, “The Karfunkels are highly-sophisticated successful investors. They are the founders of AmTrust, its largest shareholders and extremely confident about the Company’s long-term potential. They are confident as well in the profile of their respective Foundations’ investment portfolios.”
—————————–
SIRF approached the Karfunkels through their spokesman Robert Siegfried of Kekst on Jul. 25 and, because of the brothers religious observances, subsequent vacation travel and related business obligations, was unable to begin a formal dialogue with a representative of theirs until an Aug. 5 phone call.
On that call and through a series of emails, SIRF provided the Karfunkel’s spokesman questions we sought answers to, source documents central to our investigation and any necessary context surrounding the questions. On Aug. 13 the Karfunkels replied. Seeking additional clarification, SIRF asked follow-up questions; the Karfunkel response to those questions is here.
With respect to the amount of AmTrust stock held in Hod and Chesed, seemingly in the face of IRS regulations, SIRF found the Karfunkel’s response puzzling and asked their spokesmen if they stood by their statement in a follow up email Aug. 15. They did, with the added remark that they did not know what “IRS rules and regulations” SIRF was referencing. See their full reply here. (Editors note: SIRF, in phone calls and email–including an hour plus conversation with the Karfunkels longtime attorney–repeatedly mentioned “excess business holdings” and the foundations holdings of AmTrust stock as lines of inquiry.) 
Please read this disclosure about SIRF and a donor during the preparation of this story.


Read Next
Diamond Resorts and Its Perpetual Mortgage Machine
Since 2007 the website of Diamond Resorts International has made people think their personal six-night stay in heaven is only a few clicks away. Online the company’s resorts, full of beaches and golf courses, still beckon. 
Support Southern Investigative Reporting Foundation
We depend on your support. A generous gift in any amount helps us continue to bring you this service.
Donate Now


 

			17 thoughts on “The Mitzvah Factory”		




Wow, great work.
As an aside, it appears George Karfunkel and his wife may have been passengers on the Air France flight that was hijacked to Entebbe, Uganda, and stormed by Israeli commandos.  (They brought suit against several airlines in the aftermath.)
http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=2507&dat=19760716&id=CZRAAAAAIBAJ&sjid=B6UMAAAAIBAJ&pg=4085,3150899


Reply ↓ 





Great reporting Roddy. We need more of this.


Reply ↓ 





The brothers have a terrible reputation in the community. They are mean spirited, nasty , dishonest and uncharitable. They use religion to serve them at their convenience. We don’t need Jews like this


Reply ↓ 





does this have any implications for AFSI


Reply ↓ 





David’s comment is pure Loshon Horah.  I know The Karfunkel Brothers for over 40 years having work for them at AST.  The are well like, honest and very charitable.


Reply ↓ 





So, you’re saying his statements are true?


Reply ↓ 







I JUST LOVE JUDGEMENTAL IDITS
THAT MAKE AN AMPTY statement about 2 great people that have done so much for the community in general,  and for individuals, NO you are dead wrong we are proud of the Karfunkel brothers and wish them all the best from there future
Endeavors.


Reply ↓ 





Mountains of assumptions just to get publicity at some great people’s expense. The world needs more people like the Karfunkels. May they continue to exemplify the meaning of chesed with health and happiness.


Reply ↓ 





Great reporting. Playing fast and loose with rules as a form of regulatory arbitrage seems to be their core strategy.


Reply ↓ 





My Dad worked for the brothers for over 20 years, they are role-models to me in many ways. Their, integrity, work ethic, desire to help others, positivity in the face of hardship, pious & giving character traits are just a few of their admirable traits. May they continue your great work!


Reply ↓ 





Our firm had dealings with the Karfunkel’s some years ago and found them to be upright and hard working business people.  When they owned American Stock Transfer it was not beneath their station to get directly involved in soliciting new business.  Their model for success has been hard work coupled with judicious risk taking.


Reply ↓ 





What the karfunkel brothers does with thier business and no one else business. Amtrust is penneys for them because they own around 40 skyscrappers all over the country and beside that, they own around 50 shopping centers which was build from honesty / wisdom .I know the brothers very well and remember thier heliga father yisroel yehida zichrono livracha which was a tremendous talmid chochom. Layush karfunkel used to give a shir in florida everyday for around 100 people for many years and the sons follows in the father footsteps. You people have nothing to do with your time but to dig in to other peoples business which is wrong. 
Yes, michael karfunkel and his brother built themself up from nothing. They used to work with thier father in a fish store in the 1950’s / 60’s and the respect they gave thier parents we can learn from. The reason they were so sucessful is beacause they were erliche people and abishter pays back 1000000 times over. 
They live very low key, they don’t drive masarti or bentlys they want thier privacy and no one has the right to be busy with them. Instead of being busy with them,spend your time building youselves up.
Remember what is written in pirkei avos :: jealousy destroys a person ::


Reply ↓ 





Have there been any updates to your research in light of 7.2mm share transfer from Hod to Teferes Foundation, an entity controlled by a disqualified person? Your analysis suggests that this type of maneuver would be in violation of IRS rules, yet there does not appear to be increased scrutiny or actions from any government entities.


Reply ↓ 





Great report, this must have been a ton of work. I am simply amazed by some of the comments here. Anyone who’s been around for a few years remembers cases of oh-so loveable, charitable guys who donated millions and at the same time, stole billions from unsuspecting investors. Is that lesson forgotten already?
And I am not saying that the Karfunkels are that type (although I’ll sure stay way from AFSI now) – but the one thing everyone should have grasped by now is that giving the impression of a nice person, even for decades, by no means excludes the possibility there’s a fraud at the bottom of it.


Reply ↓ 





For your information, Yisroel Karfunkel was a teacher in a cheder of 40-50 children, sons of Holocaust refugees, in the mid-late 1950s in Baltimore, Maryland.
These children, ages 8-12, were taught in Yiddish and were mercilessly and severely beaten daily. Their crime?  Not knowing an answer to a bible question; not keeping their little fingers on the words; not repeating by rote the bible translation into Yiddish; and daydreaming.
Many of these little souls were affected for life and some later left the religious fold when they were able.
I was one of these children and will never forgive this monster.
He was finally fired, left Baltimore, and opened a deli in Boro Park, NY.
The rest is history, or should I say the made up myths of his sons.


Reply ↓ 





Has there been an update on this obvious fraud. Wouldnt be surprised if the IRS did nothing due to their inability to do real work such as what was put in for this fantastic article.


Reply ↓ 





This guy has no idea how to use apostrophes.


Reply ↓ 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 

 



 




 










 







AmTrust Director Can’t Escape Suit Over Dropped Acquisition - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help








Which Are The Best Law Firms For Women?
Read Law360's Glass Ceiling Report





AmTrust Director Can’t Escape Suit Over Dropped Acquisition



        By Vince Sullivan



					Law360, Wilmington (June 16, 2016,  6:10 PM EDT) -- An AmTrust Financial Services board member failed to dodge derivative claims in Delaware Chancery Court on Thursday when a judge determined the director lacked independence from controlling stockholders when deciding on an acquisition of a competing company.During a hearing in Wilmington, Chancellor Andre G. Bouchard denied the motion to dismiss the claims of breach of fiduciary duty against AmTrust Financial Services Inc. director Jay Miller, saying that he is loyal to the founders of AmTrust, Michael and George Karfunkel, and other members of their family...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Class Action



Delaware



Insurance



Mergers & Acquisitions



Securities


Law Firms

 Labaton Sucharow
 Morris James
 Morris Nichols

Companies

 AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.
 Tower Group Inc.

Government Agencies

 Delaware Court of Chancery







			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest














×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Class Action
											

 Delaware
											

 Insurance
											

 Mergers & Acquisitions
											

 Securities
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Asset Management
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Capital Markets
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Private Equity
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Class Action newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!

















George Karfunkel of AmTrust Financial Services Inc Board of Directors

















 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 



 



AmTrust Financial Services Inc
 AFSI


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData QuestionQuoteChartStock AnalysisPerformanceKey RatiosFinancialsValuationInsidersOwnershipFilingsBondsOverviewExecutive CompensationInsider ActivityKey ExecutivesBoard of DirectorsCommittees
 


Board of Directors
                > George Karfunkel
            
George Karfunkel, Director



Profile
Connections






Biography



    George Karfunkel, 68, Director since 1998, is currently the Chairman of Sabr Group, a consulting company based in New York City. Mr. Karfunkel was a director, the former Senior Vice President and co-owner of American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, a stock transfer company, which he founded in 1971 with his brother, Michael Karfunkel, and sold in 2008. Mr. Karfunkel's real estate holdings include major office buildings in New York, Chicago and several other cities, which he holds through entities he controls with Leah Karfunkel. The Karfunkels also are co-owners of Worldwide TechServices, LLC, a computer maintenance and services company. Mr. Karfunkel serves as vice chairman of The Upstate Bank, a nationally-chartered community bank, co-chairman of CheckAlt Payment Solutions, a provider of automated and electronic check transaction processing, a director of The Berkshire Bank, an independent bank based in New York, and a director of Eastman Kodak Company, a technology company focused on imaging for business.
    





Board Membership



Company Name
Board Member Since
Board Committees







AmTrust Financial Services Inc
1998
BOARD,EXECUTIVE







Eastman Kodak Co
-
AUDIT AND FINANCE,BOARD







George Karfunkel is connected to 15 Board Members.See list of all Board Connections.

 


  







We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.













 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 

















AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Announces the Passing of Founder and Chairman Michael Karfunkel Nasdaq:AFSI









































































English
Français











Register
Sign In













AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Announces the Passing of Founder and Chairman Michael Karfunkel




















April 27, 2016 23:55 ET

 | Source: AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.






NEW YORK, April  27, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (Nasdaq:AFSI) ("AmTrust" or the "Company") today is deeply saddened to announce the passing of the Company’s founder and Chairman, Michael Karfunkel.  In 1998, Michael Karfunkel and his brother, AmTrust Director George Karfunkel, founded AmTrust.  Within a few years of its founding, the Karfunkels appointed Michael Karfunkel’s son-in-law, Barry Zyskind, to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer.  Michael Karfunkel served as AmTrust’s Chairman throughout AmTrust’s 16 year history, during which he provided invaluable advice and leadership that contributed significantly to the success of AmTrust.  AmTrust will greatly miss Mr. Karfunkel’s trusted counsel and vision. About AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. AmTrust Financial Services, Inc., a multinational insurance holding company headquartered in New York City, offers specialty property and casualty insurance products, including workers' compensation, commercial automobile, general liability and extended service and warranty coverage through its primary insurance subsidiaries rated “A” (Excellent) by A.M. Best. For more information about AmTrust, visit www.amtrustgroup.com.  AFSI-F  For more information, please contact:
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.
Investor Relations
Elizabeth Malone CFA
beth.malone@amtrustgroup.com
646.458.7924


Related Articles
other press releases by AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.


AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Appoints J. Daniel Hickey as New EVP, Business Strategy and Business Development
July 18, 2017 17:30


AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Results on Tuesday, August 8, 2017
July 17, 2017 17:00


AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Partners with Premia Holdings Ltd. on Reinsurance Agreement
July 06, 2017 16:30


AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Enters Agreements to Sell Shares in National General Holdings Corp.
June 09, 2017 08:30


AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. Earns Distinction as Fortune 500 Company Following Record Year of Revenue
June 07, 2017 08:40








Profile

AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.





  Subscribe via RSS
 Subscribe via ATOM
 Javascript



  Cleveland, Ohio, UNITED STATES




Contact Data
For more information, please contact:
AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.
Investor Relations
Elizabeth Malone CFA
beth.malone@amtrustgroup.com
646.458.7924

Contact



With a Reader Account, it's easy to send email directly to the contact for this release. Sign up today for your free Reader Account!



Already have an account?  Log in here.











Media Files



AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.  Logo






LOGO URL | Copy the link below
            





Formats available:






                            Original
                        




                            Medium
                        




                            Small
                        



















Newswire Distribution Network & Management



Home
Newsroom
RSS Feeds
Legal
Contact Us






About Us
GlobeNewswire, a Nasdaq company, is one of the world's largest newswire distribution networks, specializing in the delivery of corporate press releases financial disclosures and multimedia content to the media, investment community, individual investors and the general public.
            




Contact Us


Corporate Headquarters
2321 Rosecrans Avenue.
Suite 2200
El Segundo, CA 90245
Phone: (800) 307-6627
Fax:  (800) 307-3567
            


European Headquarters
Woolgate Exchange,
25 Basinghall Street,
London EC2V 5HA
UK
Phone: +1 866-465-8454




© 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All Rights Reserved.





