

Ilan Kaufthal: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 8:46 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of East Wind Advisors, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Ilan   Kaufthal  Chairman, East Wind Advisors, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 11 Board Members in 11 different organizations across 11 different industries.See Board Relationships69--
Background

		Mr. Ilan Kaufthal served as Senior Advisor at Irving Place Capital from July 2008 to July 2013. Mr. Kaufthal has over 30 years of experience as an investment banker and senior corporate executive. He joined Irving Place Capital in 2008 and focused on retail and consumer products. He joined Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. in May 2000 and served eight years there as the Vice Chairman of Investment Banking from May 2000 to July 2008. He served as the Head of Mergers and Acquisitions ... as the Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co. for 13 years and a Managing Director from February 1987 to March 1997. He served as the Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co. Inc. from April 1997 to May 2000. He served at Schroder and PROTEAM.com, Inc. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at NL Industries Inc. from May 1971 to February 1987. He has been the Non-Executive Chairman at Tronox Limited since June 2017. He served as the Chairman of East Wind Advisors, LLC since May 2011. Mr. Kaufthal has been a Director of Cambrex Corporation since 1983; and Blyth, Inc. since February 24, 2012. He serves as a Director of Edmunds.com, Inc. He serves as the Chairman of the American Friends of Bezalel. He serves as a Member of the Board of Visitors of Columbia University Medical Center. He serves as a Member of the Trustee Council of The Jewish Museum, Ramaz School in New York City and The Russell Berrie Foundation. He serves as a Non-Management Director of Fairfield Resorts, Inc. and Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc. He serves as a Director of Cambrex Profarmaco Landen N.V. He has been Director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2 since November 2014. He has been an Independent Director of Tronox Limited since February 2011 and has been its Lead Independent Director since September 06, 2016. He served as a Director of Bio-Reference Laboratories Inc. since March 3, 2015 until August 20, 2015. He served as an Independent Director of Jason Industries, Inc. from August 2013 to June 30, 2014. He served as Director of PROTEAM.com, Inc. He served as a Director of Phytomedics, Inc. since August 2006, ASI Solutions, Inc. since 1996, United Retail Group, Inc. from December 1992 to November 8, 2007 and Kid Brands, Inc. from 1995 to August 2006. He served as a Member of the Advisory Board of Gemini Israel Funds and Jerusalem Venture Partners Media Fund. Mr. Kaufthal holds an M.B.A. Degree from the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration and a B.A. from Columbia University.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
135 West 50th StreetNew York, New York 10018United StatesPhone: 646-202-1500Fax: 646-202-1501
Board Members Memberships
DirectorEdmunds.com, Inc.Non - Management DirectorWyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc.DirectorCambrex Profarmaco Landen N.V.ChairmanEast Wind Advisors, LLCMember of Board of TrusteesRamaz SchoolMember of Board of TrusteesThe Russell Berrie FoundationMember of Board of VisitorsColumbia University Medical CenterChairmanFriends of Bezalel1983-PresentDirectorCambrex Corporation2011-PresentNon-Executive Chairman & Lead Independent DirectorTronox Limited2012-PresentDirectorBlyth, Inc.
Education
BA Columbia UniversityMBA New York University
Other Affiliations
Blyth, Inc.Edmunds.com, Inc.PROTEAM.com, Inc.United Retail Group, Inc.Bio-Reference Laboratories Inc.Cambrex CorporationWyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc.Kid Brands, Inc.ASI Solutions, Inc.Irving Place CapitalBear, Stearns & Co. Inc.Cambrex Profarmaco Landen N.V.Phytomedics, Inc.Columbia UniversityNew York UniversityTronox LimitedRamaz SchoolThe Russell Berrie FoundationColumbia University Medical CenterFriends of BezalelJason Industries, Inc.Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact East Wind Advisors, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Kaufthal Elected to Blyth's Board - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Kaufthal Elected to Blyth’s Board


February 24, 2012
By Luisa Beltran
 Follow @LuisaRBeltran





Ilan Kaufthal was named to Blyth Inc.’s board of directors. Kaufthal is a senior advisor at Irving Place Capital. Greenwich, Conn.-based Blyth designs and markets candles and accessories for the home.
PRESS RELEASE
Blyth, Inc. (NYSE: BTH), a leading designer and marketer of candles, accessories for the home and wellness products sold through the direct selling and direct marketing channels, today announced the election of Ilan Kaufthal to its Board of Directors.
Mr. Kaufthal is a senior advisor at Irving Place Capital, a middle-market private equity firm based in New York City. Prior to joining Irving Place Capital in 2008, Mr. Kaufthal spent 8 years at Bear, Stearns & Company as Vice Chairman of Investment Banking. Prior to that he led mergers and acquisitions in investment banking as Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co for 13 years.
Mr. Kaufthal currently serves on the Board of Directors for Tronox Incorporated, Cambrex and Edmunds.com. He is also Chairman at East Wind Advisors, an investment banking advisory firm. Mr. Kaufthal is a longtime supporter of numerous philanthropic institutions. He is currently Chairman of the Board of Friends of Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design, and he serves on the Board of Trustees of the Russell Berrie Foundation, the Ramaz School in New York City and the Board of Visitors of the Columbia University Medical Center. He is a graduate of Columbia University and the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration.
Robert B. Goergen, Blyth’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said of Mr. Kaufthal’s appointment, “Ilan brings years of industry-relevant investment banking and management experience to Blyth. His unique perspective will be a valuable asset in our future operations and strategic efforts.”
Blyth, Inc., headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, is a multi-channel company primarily focused on direct selling. We design and market home fragrance products and decorative accessories, as well as weight management products, nutritional supplements and energy drink mixes. These products are sold through the home party plan method of direct selling and through network marketing, respectively. The Company also designs and markets household convenience items and personalized gifts through the catalog/internet channel, as well as tabletop lighting and chafing fuel for the foodservice trade. The Company manufactures most of its candles and chafing fuel and sources nearly all of its other products. Its products are sold direct to the consumer under the PartyLite®, Two Sisters Gourmet® by PartyLite and ViSalus Sciences® brands, to consumers in the catalog/Internet channel under the As We Change®, Miles Kimball®, Exposures®, Walter Drake® and Easy Comforts®, and to the Foodservice industry under the Sterno®, Ambria® and HandyFuel® brands. In Europe, Blyth’s products are also sold under the PartyLite brand.
Blyth, Inc. may be found on the Internet at www.blyth.com.
This press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts. Actual results could differ materially due to various factors, including the slowing of the United States or European economies or retail environments, the risk that we will be unable to maintain our historic growth rate, our ability to respond appropriately to changes in product demand, the risk that we will be unable to integrate the businesses that we acquire into our existing operations, the risks (including foreign currency fluctuations, economic and political instability, transportation delays, difficulty in maintaining quality control, trade and foreign tax laws and others) associated with international sales and foreign sourced products, risks associated with our ability to recruit new independent sales consultants, our dependence on key corporate management personnel, risks associated with the sourcing of raw materials for our products, competition in terms of price and new product introductions, risks associated with our information technology systems (including, susceptibility to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events) and other factors described in this press release and in the Company’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 














Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

Marlin Equity seeks buyer for eMDs: WSJ
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

Thoma Bravo to sell Sparta Systems to New Mountain
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 

































East Wind Advisors / Team / Ilan Kaufthal

















Contact
Transactions
Team
Industry Focus
The Firm
Home





Team





Ilan Kaufthal
Chairman

 Ilan joined East Wind in 2010 as Chairman, bringing over 30 years of experience as an investment banker and senior corporate executive to the franchise. From 2008-2013, Ilan served as Senior Advisor for Irving Place Capital. Ilan was a Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. until 2008. Prior to joining the firm in 2000, he was with Schroders & Co. Inc. as Vice Chairman and head of mergers and acquisitions for 13 years. Preceding Schroders, he was with NL Industries and served as its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ilan serves on the Board of Directors of Cambrex Corporation, Tronox, Ltd., Blyth, Inc., Quin Pario Acquisition Corporation, Edmunds.com, and Propel/Slinky, Inc.  He also serves on the Advisory Board of Jerusalem Venture Partners Media Fund, and is a Trustee of the Russell Berrie Foundation. He is the Chairman of the Board of the American Friends of Bezalel and a member of the Board of Visitors at Columbia University Medical Center. Ilan holds an MBA from New York University and a BA from Columbia University.  


Return To Team













Privacy Policy  |  Terms Of Use

All transactions involving the offering or sale of securities are conducted through East Wind Securities, LLC, a member of FINRA  and SIPC.




�  East Wind Advisors. All rights reserved.  |  Credits
Contact Us  |  Business Continuity














  Ilan Kaufthal : Tronox











































 

Tronox Alkali


Tronox Titanium Dioxide Regional Web Sites






Botlek, Netherlands



Perth, Australia








Contact Us




















Our Company
Products

Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Mineral Sands
Titanium Dioxide Pigment


Tronox Alkali
Electrolytic and Specialty Chemicals


Investor Relations
Newsroom
Sustainability
Careers






Ilan Kaufthal



Non-Executive Chairman
Ilan Kaufthal was elected to the role of non-executive chairman June 27, 2017. He has been a director since February 2011. Mr. Kaufthal is currently a director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp 2 (NASDAQ: QPACU), a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a business combination; and Cambrex Corporation (NYSE: CBM), a supplier to the pharmaceutical industries. Earlier in his career, he was Vice Chairman of Investment Banking at Bear Stearns & Co., Vice Chairman and Head of Mergers and Acquisitions at Schroder & Co., and SVP and CFO at NL Industries. Mr. Kaufthal is a graduate of Columbia University and the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration. Mr. Kaufthal brings to the board his business acumen and financial, investment, core business and leadership skills.




  




Our Values
Corporate Citizenship Strategy
Leadership

Board of Directors
Leadership Team


Global Footprint

Interactive Map
Botlek, the Netherlands
Hamilton, Mississippi, U.S.
Henderson, Nevada, U.S.
KZN Sands, South Africa
Namakwa Sands, South Africa
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma USA
Perth, Australia
Tronox Alkali, Wyoming, USA


Office Locations

Corporate Offices
Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Pigment Offices
Mineral Sands


Tronox Alkali


Sales and Service

Tronox Titanium Dioxide

Pigment Sales
Mineral Sands Sales


Tronox Alkali Sales


Supplier Portal

Tronox Procurement
Supplier Standards
Data Storage Notice
Tronox Alkali Supplier Information


Contact Us









 





© 2017 Tronox LimitedAll rights reserved.





Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Site Map



































 



 Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman 
         










    










 













 











 



















Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman
        																																																		
              

          Timothy C. Carlson appointed to fill Board vacancy
        
















 News provided by
Tronox Limited  
Jun 27, 2017, 18:32 ET









 Share this article




























































STAMFORD, Conn., June 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Tronox Limited (NYSE:   TROX) announced that its Board of Directors has elected its current independent lead director Ilan Kaufthal to serve as non-executive chairman of the board.  The board also appointed Timothy C. Carlson, senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company, to fill the vacancy created by the untimely passing of former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Thomas Casey on May 26, 2017.  Mr. Carlson is expected to step-down as a director upon the closing of the acquisition of Cristal's TiO2 business when Cristal will be entitled to nominate two Class A directors. 








As previously announced, the board has retained Korn Ferry to conduct the search for a permanent chief executive officer and will consider internal and external candidates. On June 27, 2017, the board formed a special ad-hoc succession committee to oversee the search process. Ilan Kaufthal will serve as chairman of the succession committee.
"We are grateful that Ilan has agreed to serve as non-executive chairman of the board and chairman of the succession committee during this period of transition for the company," said Peter Johnston, CEO of Tronox.  "We will benefit immensely from Ilan's significant M&A experience and leadership skills as we work to complete our pending acquisition of Cristal's TiO2 business and the process of selling our Alkali business; we are, of course, also grateful to Ilan for leading our search for a permanent chief executive officer.  We also thank Tim for taking on the added responsibility of being a director as we seek to fill permanently the vacancy created by Tom's passing."  
Mr. Kaufthal added: "As non-executive chairman, I intend to engage actively with Peter, Tim, the rest of the management team and the company's advisors to ensure the successful completion of our pending transaction with Cristal and our Alkali sale process and oversee the planning for the post-closing integration of Cristal and Tronox's TiO2 businesses.  At the same time, I expect to continue my work with my fellow directors to conduct our CEO search.  I am excited about the future of the company." 
Biographical Information
Ilan Kaufthal
Mr. Kaufthal has served as a director of the company since February 2011 and as lead independent director since September 2016.  He is chairman of East Wind Advisors, a specialized investment banking firm serving companies in the media, education and information industries. Mr. Kaufthal is currently a director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp 2, a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering into a business combination; and Cambrex Corporation, a supplier to the pharmaceutical industries. Earlier in his career, he was vice chairman of investment banking at Bear Stearns & Co., vice chairman and head of mergers and acquisitions at Schroder & Co., and senior vice president and chief financial officer of NL Industries. Mr. Kaufthal is a graduate of Columbia University and the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration. 
Timothy C. Carlson
Mr. Carlson currently serves as senior vice president and chief financial officer of the company, and has done so since October 2016.  Prior to this position, he served as chief financial officer of Precision Valve Corporation since July 2015, where he led EBITDA improvement activities, improved internal controls, and standardized the company's financial reporting and operating metrics.  From September 2007 to May 2014, Mr. Carlson served as the executive vice president, chief financial officer and treasurer of ATMI, Inc., a publicly traded global supplier of semiconductor materials and materials packaging and delivery systems used in the manufacturing of microelectronics devices.  Earlier in his career, Mr. Carlson held a series of global finance, strategic planning, and auditing roles at various divisions of Campbell Soup Company.  Mr. Carlson holds a Bachelor of Science degree in economics from the University of Pennsylvania, Wharton School of Business and is a licensed certified public accountant.
About TronoxTronox Limited is a global leader in the mining, production and marketing of inorganic minerals and chemicals. The company operates two vertically integrated businesses: Tronox Titanium Dioxide (TiO2) and Tronox Alkali. For more information, visit tronox.com
Media Contact: Bud GrebeyDirect: +1.203.705.3721Mobile: +1.203.219.5222
Investor Contact: Brennen ArndtDirect: +1.203.705.3722
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tronox-board-elects-ilan-kaufthal-non-executive-chairman-300480806.html
SOURCE Tronox Limited
 Related Links

http://www.tronox.com



 

















Jul 05, 2017, 16:30 ET
Preview: Tronox Increases Soda Ash Prices















May 26, 2017, 16:15 ET
Preview: Tronox Reports The Passing Of Board Chairman And Former CEO Tom Casey






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jul 20, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Tronox Limited Posts 2016 GRI Report








 











Jul 12, 2017, 16:02 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Tronox Announces Dates For Second Quarter Financial Results &...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Mining
  Mining & Metals
Personnel Announcements








 You just read:
Tronox Board Elects Ilan Kaufthal Non-Executive Chairman


 News provided by
Tronox Limited  
Jun 27, 2017, 18:32 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























 



 Blyth, Inc. Elects Ilan Kaufthal to Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Blyth, Inc. Elects Ilan Kaufthal to Board of Directors

Feb 24, 2012, 12:18 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Blyth, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 




GREENWICH, Conn., Feb. 24, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Blyth, Inc. (NYSE:   BTH), a leading designer and marketer of candles, accessories for the home and wellness products sold through the direct selling and direct marketing channels, today announced the election of Ilan Kaufthal to its Board of Directors.  
Mr. Kaufthal is a senior advisor at Irving Place Capital, a middle-market private equity firm based in New York City.  Prior to joining Irving Place Capital in 2008, Mr. Kaufthal spent 8 years at Bear, Stearns & Company as Vice Chairman of Investment Banking.  Prior to that he led mergers and acquisitions in investment banking as Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co for 13 years.  
Mr. Kaufthal currently serves on the Board of Directors for Tronox Incorporated, Cambrex and Edmunds.com.  He is also Chairman at East Wind Advisors, an investment banking advisory firm.  Mr. Kaufthal is a longtime supporter of numerous philanthropic institutions.  He is currently Chairman of the Board of Friends of Bezalel Academy of Arts and Design, and he serves on the Board of Trustees of the Russell Berrie Foundation, the Ramaz School in New York City and the Board of Visitors of the Columbia University Medical Center.  He is a graduate of Columbia University and the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration.
Robert B. Goergen, Blyth's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, said of Mr. Kaufthal's appointment, "Ilan brings years of industry-relevant investment banking and management experience to Blyth.  His unique perspective will be a valuable asset in our future operations and strategic efforts."
Blyth, Inc., headquartered in Greenwich, CT, USA, is a multi-channel company primarily focused on direct selling.  We design and market home fragrance products and decorative accessories, as well as weight management products, nutritional supplements and energy drink mixes.  These products are sold through the home party plan method of direct selling and through network marketing, respectively. The Company also designs and markets household convenience items and personalized gifts through the catalog/internet channel, as well as tabletop lighting and chafing fuel for the foodservice trade.  The Company manufactures most of its candles and chafing fuel and sources nearly all of its other products.  Its products are sold direct to the consumer under the PartyLite®, Two Sisters Gourmet® by PartyLite and ViSalus Sciences® brands, to consumers in the catalog/Internet channel under the As We Change®, Miles Kimball®, Exposures®, Walter Drake® and Easy Comforts®, and to the Foodservice industry under the Sterno®, Ambria® and HandyFuel® brands.  In Europe, Blyth's products are also sold under the PartyLite brand.  
Blyth, Inc. may be found on the Internet at www.blyth.com.
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts.  Actual results could differ materially due to various factors, including the slowing of the United States or European economies or retail environments, the risk that we will be unable to maintain our historic growth rate, our ability to respond appropriately to changes in product demand, the risk that we will be unable to integrate the businesses that we acquire into our existing operations, the risks (including foreign currency fluctuations, economic and political instability, transportation delays, difficulty in maintaining quality control, trade and foreign tax laws and others) associated with international sales and foreign sourced products, risks associated with our ability to recruit new independent sales consultants, our dependence on key corporate management personnel, risks associated with the sourcing of raw materials for our products, competition in terms of price and new product introductions, risks associated with our information technology systems (including, susceptibility to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events) and other factors described in this press release and in the Company's most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K.
 SOURCE  Blyth, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.blyth.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 14, 2012, 08:00 ET
Preview: Blyth, Inc. Reports 4th Quarter and 2011 Sales and Earnings













Jan 16, 2012, 08:00 ET
Preview: Blyth, Inc. Completes Third Closing of ViSalus Acquisition






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  






Ilan Kaufthal, Board Member, Payoneer


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Ilan Kaufthal





Location: East Rutherford, NJ





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Ilan Kaufthal





Location: East Rutherford, NJ




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Mr. Ilan Kaufthal served as a Senior Advisor at Irving Place Capital from July 2008 to July 2013. Mr. Kaufthal has over 30 years of experience as an investment banker and senior corporate executive. He joined Irving Place Capital in 2008 and focused on retail and consumer products. He joined Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. in May 2000 and served eight years there as the Vice Chairman of Investment Banking from May 2000 to July 2008. Mr. Kaufthal served as the Head of Mergers and Acquisitions as the Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co. for 13 years and a Managing Director from February 1987 to March 1997. He served as the Vice Chairman of Schroder & Co. Inc. from April 1997 to May 2000. He served at Schroder, and PROTEAM.com, Inc. He served as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President at NL Industries Inc. from May 1971 to February 1987. He served as the Chairman of East Wind Advisors, LLC since May 2011. Mr. Kaufthal has been a Director of Cambrex Corporation since 1983; and Blyth, Inc. since February 24, 2012. He serves as a Director of Edmunds.com, Inc. He serves as the Chairman of the American Friends of Bezalel. He serves as a Member of the Board of Visitors of Columbia University Medical Center. He serves as a Member of the Trustee Council of The Jewish Museum, Ramaz School in New York City and The Russell Berrie Foundation. He serves as a Non-Management Director of Fairfield Resorts, Inc. and Wyndham Vacation Resorts, Inc. He serves as a Director of Cambrex Profarmaco Landen N.V. He has been a Director of Bio-Reference Laboratories Inc. since March 3, 2015. He has been Director of Quinpario Acquisition Corp. 2 since November 2014. He has been a Director of Tronox Limited since June 15, 2012. He served as an Independent Director of Jason Industries, Inc. from August 2013 to June 30, 2014. He served as Director of PROTEAM.com, Inc. He served as a Director of Phytomedics, Inc. since August 2006, ASI Solutions, Inc. since joining in 1996, United Retail Group, Inc. from December 1992 to November 8, 2007, and Kid Brands, Inc. (alternate name, Russ Berrie & Co. Inc.) from 1995 to August 2006. He served as a Member of the Advisory Board of Gemini Israel Funds and Jerusalem Venture Partners Media Fund. Mr. Kaufthal holds an M.B.A. Degree from the New York University Graduate School of Business Administration and a B.A. from Columbia University.



6

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





1

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Private Equity




Tags
Venture Capital, Start-ups, Biotechnology, Corporate Development, Pharmaceutical Industry, Oncology




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Ilan KaufthalCareer (6)






Nov-2015




Payoneer



Board Member







2012




Tronox Limited



Board Member







1983




Cambrex Corporation



Board Member







Jul-2008 to Jul-2013




Place Capital



Advisor







May-2000 to Jul-2008




Stearns & Co.



Vice Chairman of Investment Banking







May-1971 to Feb-1987




NL Industries



Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Ilan KaufthalEducation (2)










New York University













Columbia University












 Edit



Ilan KaufthalAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Ilan Kaufthal






 Edit



Ilan KaufthalLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Ilan Kaufthal






View all 



Ilan KaufthalInvestments/Acquisitions










Payoneer


Since Jan-2005

Company status: PRIVATE












Ilan KaufthalInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Ilan Kaufthal








Ilan KaufthalRelated People








Colleagues at Payoneer







Neil Platt

Chief Revenue Officer
Jan-2015









Patrick de Courcy

Head of Asia Pacific
Oct-2014









Bart Rubin

General Counsel
Jun-2014









Jani Gode

Vice President - Enterprise Risk
May-2014












View all 



Ilan KaufthalRecommended Market Profiles (3)








Seamless Payments

10,000 or More employees
21 companies








        Payments (Fintech)

10,000 or More employees
80 companies








Invoicing (US)

1,000 - 2,500 employees
19 companies














































Ilan Kaufthal | GenomeWeb


















Skip to main content



 







 





 









RSS Feeds
Twitter
LinkedIn
 





 







Log in




Join now


 






Business & PolicyBusiness News
Research Funding
Policy & Legislation
Regulatory News
Reimbursement

TechnologyMicroarrays & Multiplexing
PCR
Informatics
Sequencing
Mass Spec
Sample Prep
Gene Silencing/Gene Editing

ResearchGenetic Research
Gene Expression Research
Epigenetics Research
Proteomics & Protein Research
Cell Biology Research

DiagnosticsMolecular Diagnostics
Companion Diagnostics
Biomarker Discovery & Validation
Drug Discovery & Development
Clinical Sequencing
Clinical Proteomics

Disease AreasCancer
Infectious Disease
Cardiovascular Disease
Neurological & Psychological Disease
Metabolic Disease
Autoimmune Disease
Inherited Disease
Reproductive Health

Applied Markets
ResourcesWebinars
White Papers
The Scan
Career Blog
Job Listings
New Products
People in the News
Conferences & Events


Main menu 






Enter your keywords 





 





Home » Resources » People in the News » Ilan Kaufthal 

















Ilan Kaufthal

Mar 05, 2015

 



Ilan Kaufthal was elected to the board of Bio-Reference Laboratories, CEO Marc Grodman said this week. Kaufthal fills the vacancy created by the death of Gary Lederman in November. Kaufthal retired from Bear, Stearns in 2008 as vice chairman of investment banking and has served on several company boards since.


 



More Like This









Jul 21, 2017


Thomas Loewald

Thomas Loewald, senior vice president and chief commercial officer at Thermo Fisher Scientific since early 2016, will resign from the company, effective September 1. He joined the firm's Explosives Detection business in 2002 and held various positions over the years, including senior vice president and president of Laboratory Products. Prior to that, he was vice president of sales and marketing for Tyco International.


 











Jul 20, 2017


Mark Stevenson

Mark Stevenson has been promoted to executive vice president and chief operation officer of Thermo Fisher Scientific, effective August 1. In his new role, he will oversee operations of the company's Laboratory Products and Analytical Instruments businesses, in addition to the Life Sciences Solutions business. Since 2014, when Thermo Fisher acquired Life Technologies, Stevenson has been executive vice president and president of Life Sciences Solutions. Prior to that, he was president and chief operating officer of Life Technologies, and before that, he was president and COO of Applied Biosystems.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Hans Bishop

Hans Bishop has been elected to Agilent's board of directors. Bishop is cofounder, president, and CEO of Juno Therapeutics, a Seattle-based biopharmaceutical company. He has also held a range of executive positions in the pharmaceutical industry, including as COO at Dendreon; president of Specialty Medicine at Bayer Healthcare; and global commercial head for Chiron.


 











Jul 19, 2017


Daniel Sikkema

Quanterix has appointed Daniel Sikkema as vice president of acclerator services for the company's new Simoa Accelerator Lab, a dedicated environment for biomarker research, custom assay development, and clinical sample testing. Sikkema will work to expand the reach of Quanterix's Accelerator Lab services in neurology, oncology, immuno-oncology, infectious disease, inflammatory diseases, and other therapeutic areas. He has previously worked at Frontage Lab, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Wyeth, Merck, Sanofi Pasteur, and GlaxoSmithKline.


 











Jul 17, 2017


Stephen Pereira

Stephen Pereira has been appointed to Immunovia's scientific advisory board. Pereira is a professor of hepatology and gastroenterology at University College London and is an honorary consultant in pancreaticobiliary medicine at UCL Hospitals and the Royal Free Hospital. 


 











Jul 17, 2017


Daniel MacArthur

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Daniel MacArthur as the first recipient of its Early Career Award. He is an assistant professor in the Analytic and Translational Genetics Unit at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School and the co-director of the Medical and Population Genetics Program at the Broad Institute. The new award, which comes with $10,000 in prize money, recognizes contributions of genetics and genomics scientists in the first 10 years of their careers as independent investigators. MacArthur and his colleagues developed the Exome Aggregation Consortium (ExAC) database and website and its successor, the Genome Aggregation Database (gnomAD). He also published many scientific articles on identifying genes associated with rare diseases, in particular muscular disorders.


 











Jul 13, 2017


Mary Thistle

Enterome has appointed Mary Thistle to its board of directors as a non-executive director. Thistle currently serves as chief operating officer at Dimension Therapeutics, and has also served as senior VP of Business Development at Cubist Pharmaceuticals. Prior to joining Dimension in 2015, Thistle held leadership positions at ViaCell. In addition to developing therapeutic products for rare and metabolic liver diseases, Enterome also develops diagnostics to support therapies in microbiome-related diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease and cancer.


 











Jul 12, 2017


Arthur Beaudet

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Arthur Beaudet the recipient of this year's Victor A. McKusick Leadership Award. The award recognizes individuals whose "professional achievements have fostered and enriched the development of human genetics as well as its assimilation into the broader context of science, medicine, and health." Beaudet, who will receive the award along with a $10,000 prize at the ASHG annual meeting in October, is the Henry and Emma Mayer Professor in the Department of Molecular and Human Genetics and the Department of Pediatrics at Baylor College of Medicine. He is a member of the National Academy of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences and has received several other awards for his work. Beaudet has published more than 350 articles in the scientific literature. 


 











Jul 12, 2017


Kári Stefánsson

The American Society of Human Genetics has named Kári Stefánsson the winner of this year's William Allan Award, a prize established in 1961 that recognizes a scientist for "substantial and far-reaching scientific contributions to human genetics." Stefánsson is the founder of Iceland's Decode Genetics, which has conducted a large-scale population genetics research project in Iceland. He has published more than 500 articles in the scientific literature and has received several awards for his work, including the European Society of Human Genetics Award in 2009.


 











Jul 07, 2017


Matthias Raquet

Oneservice, a Swiss company offering complete managed service solutions, consulting, and learning for the life science, diagnostics, and medical device industries, has appointed Matthias Raquet as CEO. Raquet joins Oneservice from Qiagen, where he has worked since 2001, most recently as vice president and head of global service solutions and global customer management. Prior to Qiagen he worked in various management roles at Amersham Pharmacia.


 











Jul 06, 2017


Steven Kanner

Caribou Biosciences has appointed Steven Kanner as CSO. Kanner has more than 25 years of experience in drug discovery and development. He previously served in various research leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, Astex Pharmaceuticals, and Agensys/Astellas Pharma. Most recently, he served as vice president of discovery biology at Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals.


 











Jul 05, 2017


Chad Brown

NanoString Technologies has appointed Chad Brown senior vice president of sales and marketing. With more than 35 years of experience in life science tools and clinical diagnostics, Brown most recently served as the president and head of commercial operations for North America at Qiagen. Prior to that, Brown was with Roche Diagnostics Corporation, where he held a series of commercial leadership positions in the applied sciences and centralized diagnostics businesses. He has also held sales leadership positions in several medical device and healthcare companies, including Chiron Diagnostics, Rotech Healthcare, Apria Healthcare, and Humana.Brown succeeds Barney Saunders, who is expected to stay with NanoString for a three-month transition period before pursuing other professional opportunities.


 











Jun 30, 2017


Todd Whitson

Karius has appointed Todd Whitson as chief commercial officer. Whitson joins Karius from CareDx where he served as CCO. Prior to CareDx, he served as VP of commercial operations for Ariosa Diagnostics, now part of Roche, and led sales at Genzyme Genetics, later acquired by LabCorp.


 











Jun 30, 2017


Ena Cratsenburg, Will Schroeder

Ginkgo Bioworks has appointed Ena Cratsenburg as chief business officer and Will Schroeder as head of metabolic engineering. Cratsenburg joins Ginkgo with over a decade of experience in business development in the biotech space. She has held positions as senior VP of the consumer sector at Intrexon, senior VP of business development at Evolva, and VP of business development for Amyris. Schroeder joins Ginkgo from Archer Daniels Midland (ADM) where he served as CP of technology. Before ADM, Schroeder spent 12 years at Cargill, overseeing strain and fermentations process development.


 











Jun 28, 2017


Chris van Ingen

Chris van Ingen, a former member of Bruker's board of directors, died on June 27, Bruker said in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. van Ingen died less than a week after he told the firm that he would be retiring from the board due to medical reasons. The cause of his death was not disclosed. He had been on Bruker's board since 2012. From 2001 to 2007, van Ingen was with Agilent Technologies where he served as president of the firm's bio-analytical measurement business. 


 






 















Breaking News 

  



Researchers Find MRSA Genesis Occurred Years Before Clinical Introduction of Methicillin   








In Brief This Week: Quest Diagnostics, Agilent Technologies, Meridian Bioscience, and More  








People in the News: Mark Stevenson, Hans Bishop, Daniel Sikkema, and More  








Doris Duke Charitable Foundation Funds Junior Physician Scientists  








Startup SpinDiag Raises €1.6M in Seed Funding  








Tempus, Rush University Medical Center Collaborate to Expand Hospital's Biobank  




 
 





 







The Scan 







Drive Resistance 

Gene drives might run into biological resistance, the Economist reports.



 









Dalí DNA Collected 

Forensic experts exhumed painter Salvador Dalí's body to collect DNA for a paternity test, CBS News reports.



 









Synthetic-Conservation Biology Disconnect 

Yale Environment 360 writes that synthetic and conservation biologists aren't always on the same wavelength, but they are trying to reach an understanding.



 









This Week in Science 

In Science this week: full CRISPR locus integration complex structure, and more.



 






 





 











 





 





 












Sponsorships 





 





 





 





 





 





 









 






About us
Advertise
Contact
Jobs
Subscribe







Privacy Policy.  Copyright © 2017 GenomeWeb LLC.  All Rights Reserved. 





 



















 


Ilan Kaufthal | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Ilan KaufthalChairman at East Wind AdvisorsLocationNew York, New YorkIndustryBankingCurrentEast Wind Advisors0 connectionsView Ilan’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Ilan’s Full ProfileExperienceChairmanEast Wind AdvisorsPresentView Ilan’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Ilan directlyView Ilan’s Full ProfileNot the Ilan you’re looking for? View moreView this profile in another languageEnglishGermanPeople Also ViewedYaron RedlichSenior Vice President at JefferiesSuzanne SeeberFinancial Advisor at Merrill LynchRobert ConstantManaging Director at Jefferies & Company, IncMichael SteinbergManaging Director, CCB International Overseas (USA) Inc.Yaakov SheinfeldNathaniel (Natti) GinorInstitutional Equity SalesHenry OrlinskyDaniela BendorYadong LiuCEO of CEFC Global Strategic HoldingsAllan MarksGlobal Project Finance Partner at Milbank, Tweed, Hadley & McCloy LLPPublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesFind a different Ilan KaufthalFirst NameLast NameExample:  Ilan KaufthalIlan Kaufthal--United StatesMore professionals named Ilan KaufthalLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country




















