







About H.W. Kaufman Financial Group

















































































 


































 





 


 


















Our Mission
The H.W. Kaufman Company is a global network of companies dedicated to shaping the insurance industry. Our success is drawn from a collaboration of unique insights, an unparalleled depth of resources and the highest level of expertise. In propelling insurance forward, we are:

Investing in innovative technology and future-focused strategies.
Creating efficiencies whenever possible.
Identifying emerging trends.
Being more responsive to changing market conditions.
Promoting creativity and encouraging dynamic thinking that contributes to complex problem solving.

















Company Values

We adhere to core values that continually exceed the expectations of the brokers, associates, carriers and partners that our companies serve.







Accountability

We take ownership of our actions and the consequences that follow, never compromising or taking advantage of a company’s trust or situation.









Independence

We will never concede to private equity or Wall Street, maintaining our family ownership to ensure we keep our allegiances to the companies we serve.









Stewardship

We are committed to preparing all generations of insurance professionals to be leaders and innovators in their own right.









Partnership

We take on the responsibility of improving the welfare and prosperity of our companies, making every one of our resources available to them.









Integrity

We are passionate about the insurance industry and are committed to doing business the right way.









The Executive Team
 Alan Jay KaufmanChairman, President & CEO
Alan Jay Kaufman is Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of H.W. Kaufman Financial Group, headquartered in Farmington Hills, Michigan. He is also the founding senior partner of a Detroit and Farmington Hills law firm, Kaufman, Payton & Chapa.

 

An energetic leader and entrepreneur, Mr. Kaufman identified and capitalized on the opportunity to improve client services and to expand the company through vertical integration. In 1996, Mr. Kaufman took private the H.W. Kaufman, a successful public company founded by his late father.

 

Under Mr. Kaufman’s leadership, both the Kaufman and the companies in its portfolio have delivered double-digit annual growth to reach over $2 billion in revenue in 2016. Burns & Wilcox, Kaufman’s flagship company and one of the nation’s largest specialty insurance brokers, generated over $1.2 billion in annual premium.

 

Strategic acquisitions and global expansion have created under the Kaufman umbrella a portfolio of insurance-related companies that draw expertise and strength from each other to better serve clients.

 

In recognition of his entrepreneurial leadership, Ernst & Young awarded Alan Jay Kaufman the Entrepreneur of the Year Award in the Business Services Category for Michigan and Northwest  Ohio in June 2011. In 2012, American Agent & Broker recognized Mr. Kaufman as one of the top 25 Living Legends of Insurance. Mr. Kaufman received the Distinguished Alumni award from his alma mater, Michigan State University in 2013. Most recently, he was named to the 2017 Hot 100 list for the second time by Insurance Business America in recognition of his commitment to developing talent.

 

Mr. Kaufman’s dedication to excellence and achievement can be traced back to his commitment to education and leadership training. In 2007, he founded the Kaufman Institute, which provides ongoing professional development opportunities for his valued employees through classroom and web based training and education programs for the insurance industry.

 

An active philanthropist, Mr. Kaufman dedicates considerable time and resources to many civic, community and business organizations.

 

In 2015, Mr. Kaufman endowed a chair at the Eli Broad College of Business at Michigan State University to provide academic leadership in insurance. The Alan Jay and Sue E. Kaufman Endowed Professorship in Insurance and Risk Management reflects Mr. Kaufman’s vision in which talented students can discover the wealth of career opportunities in the insurance industry.

 

In addition he currently serves on many boards, including Business Leaders for Michigan; The Detroit Economic Club; Michigan State University’s Broad College of Business Alumni Association; Walsh College; Detroit Zoological Society; and the United Jewish Foundation of Metropolitan Detroit.

 

Mr. Kaufman holds a B.A. from Michigan State University in finance, insurance, and accounting and a J.D. from the University of Notre Dame Law School. He also studied international law at the London School of Economics.

 

 Daniel KaufmanCorporate Senior Vice President
Daniel J. Kaufman serves as a Senior Vice President at H.W. Kaufman Financial Group and a Managing Director of its largest subsidiary, Burns & Wilcox. His responsibilities include overseeing daily operations at the Burns & Wilcox Chicago office and working closely with other Midwestern offices, as well as H.W. Kaufman’s international operations, to explore innovative coverage solutions for complicated risks and develop products that meet the needs of emerging businesses and industries.
 
During his tenure, Mr. Kaufman has been a vocal advocate of attracting and retaining top talent in the insurance industry and was instrumental in developing Kaufman’s internal emerging leaders program. In 2016, Daniel was appointed to the H.W. Kaufman Board of Directors, a position that allows him to play a greater role across the company’s global operations as a third-generation leader.
 
Mr. Kaufman received his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Michigan (Ann Arbor, Mich.) then went on to earn his Juris Doctor from Loyola University (Chicago). He is a member of the State Bar of Michigan and currently serves on several corporate, civic and advisory boards, including Atain Insurance Companies, City of Hope National Insurance Industry Council, Midwest Insurance Industry Charitable Foundation, National Underwriter Magazine, Association of Lloyd’s Brokers, Metro Chicago Hillel and the Kaufman Family Foundation. Daniel received the 2015 William R. “Bill” Story Memorial Award from City of Hope for his leadership and professionalism in the insurance industry.
 

 Blaise D’AntoniCorporate Senior Vice President
Blaise D’Antoni is responsible for operations at Burns & Wilcox’s network of Louisiana offices that include New Orleans, Baton Rouge and Monroe. With more than two decades of experience at Burns & Wilcox, Blaise was instrumental in building the Louisiana regions robust underwriting capabilities in commercial and personal lines.
 
During his career with Burns & Wilcox, Blaise helped lead the New Orleans office during and after Hurricane Katrina and provided brokers and agents commercial and personal wholesale surplus lines expertise after the standard admitted markets pulled out of the region.
 
He received his Bachelor of Science from the University of New Orleans and is a current member and past president of the Louisiana Surplus Lines Association.
 
 Jodie Kaufman DavisCorporate Vice President & Managing Director
Jodie Kaufman Davis is Corporate Vice President, H.W. Kaufman Financial Group and Managing Director, Burns & Wilcox Canada. Jodie leads operations in Canada, playing an integral role in the development and execution of the Managing General Agent’s overall growth strategy. Under her direction, Burns & Wilcox Canada has increased its amount of premium written by more than 120 per cent and its headcount by more than 80 per cent. During that same time, Jodie has been instrumental in expanding the MGA’s robust product offering in the hard-to-place specialty risks arena including building out the Burns & Wilcox Center of Excellence for Commercial Marine. In addition, she currently serves on the board of Atain Insurance Companies, a Kaufman Company.
 
Jodie is actively involved in talent and business development initiatives where her forward-thinking has set Burns & Wilcox Canada up for continued success. Today, through insurance immersion days and employee programs for recent college graduates like the Kaufman Emerging Leaders Program (KELP), Jodie has recruited a diverse workforce where 65 percent of employees fall into the millennial age range. She is also a graduate of the Kaufman Advanced Management Program (KAMP), a prestigious 18-month program designed for distinguished leaders to grow their managerial skills.
 
Prior to joining H.W. Kaufman Financial Group, Jodie spent more than seven years at the international law firm of Dorsey & Whitney where she advised Canadian and U.S. companies on mergers and acquisitions, capital market financing and complex regulatory issues.
 
Jodie received a J.D. from Michigan State University and a bachelor’s degree from the University of Michigan. She also serves on the Jewish Federation of North America’s National Young Leadership Cabinet and the Board of Directors of the United Jewish Appeal of Toronto.

 

 Chris ZoidisCorporate Senior Vice President
Chris Zoidis directs the Corporate Development initiatives across H.W. Kaufman Financial Group. He is responsible for executing the company’s global growth strategy and overseeing the Burns & Wilcox relationship with the London market. Chris is also responsible for the Burns & Wilcox Special Risk Division, a strategic underwriting and brokerage team that is home to some of the industry’s leading specialty insurance experts.
 
Prior to joining Burns & Wilcox, Chris spent nearly a decade in consulting, focused on insurance strategy, operations and mergers & acquisitions. Chris also has previous experience as a commercial underwriter at St. Paul/Travelers and Crum & Forster.
 
Chris earned a Masters of Business Administration from Indiana University and a bachelor’s degree in economics from Boston College. He also studied at the London School of Economics and holds a Chartered Property & Casualty Underwriter (CPCU) designation.
 

 Daniel T. MuldowneyExecutive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, H.W. Kaufman CEO, Atain Insurance Companies
Daniel T. Muldowney is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Burns & Wilcox and its parent company H.W. Kaufman Financial Group. He is responsible for the company’s financial operations, including strategic planning and growth strategy.
 
Muldowney joined H.W. Kaufman in 2002 as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer in 2003 and Executive Vice President in 2012. He was appointed President and CEO of Atain Insurance Companies in 2003. In 2012, he was approved by the FSA to work with Lloyds when he was appointed to the board of directors of Chesterfield Insurance Brokers, a member of the H.W. Kaufman family of companies.
 
Previously, he spent more than 20 years with American Community Mutual Insurance Company in various roles with increasing responsibility. His final role was Senior Vice President and treasurer.
 
Muldowney earned a bachelor’s degree in accounting from Michigan State University. He also is an accomplished insurance professional becoming a Fellow of the Life Management institute (FLMI), earning certification “with distinction” from the Life Office Management Association in 1991.
 
He is past president of the Michigan Chapter of Insurance accounting and System Association (1989-1990). Muldowney also is a past board member of Michigan Chapter of the Life Office Management Association (1992-1994) and Michigan Life & Health Guaranty Association (2000-2001).
 

 Denis BradyPresident, Burns & Wilcox Brokerage
Denis Brady leads Burns & Wilcox Brokerage, a highly specialized team of experts solely dedicated to wholesale brokerage. Under his leadership, the group has transformed the company’s brokerage business with the resources required to handle complex brokerage accounts of all sizes.
 
Today, Burns & Wilcox Brokerage spans the country, bringing breakthrough products to the marketplace and delivering unique risk solutions for retail broker and agent partners.
 
Denis’ career in insurance spans more than 25 years and includes extensive experience in brokerage, underwriting and management. He earned a Bachelor of Arts from Swarthmore College. In 2015, he was elected Chair of the California Surplus Lines Association.
 
 Donald CarsonExecutive Vice President
Don Carson serves as Executive Vice President of Burns & Wilcox. He is also the Managing Director of the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas office, the largest within the Burns & Wilcox network.
 
During his more than 25 years at Burns & Wilcox, Don has been integral in the company’s continued domestic growth. In addition to his executive leadership, Don has responsibility for nine offices. Don has also mentored and helped develop countless professionals who share his passion for the business commitment to the long-term growth of Burns & Wilcox.
 
 Harvey GoldenbergExecutive Vice President
Harvey Goldenberg is an Executive Vice President of Burns & Wilcox and serves as the Managing Director of the San Francisco office. He also directs operations at the company’s five California offices, as well as those in Arizona and New Mexico.
 
Harvey has more than 35 years of experience which includes expertise in underwriting and wholesale brokerage. Prior to joining Burns & Wilcox he managed the excess liability division of a managing general agent based in San Francisco and worked as a wholesale broker.
 
Harvey earned a bachelor’s degree in marketing from Indiana University.
 
 Jeff DiefenbachSenior Vice President
Jeff Diefenbach is a Senior Vice President and Managing Director for the Burns & Wilcox offices in Detroit, Cleveland and Milwaukee. He is also the regional executive with responsibility for Burns & Wilcox Canada.
 
Since joining Burns & Wilcox more than a decade ago, Jeff’s responsibilities have expanded to cover much of the Midwest. He also plays an active role in mentoring and coaching emerging leaders within the organization.
 
Jeff earned a bachelor’s degree in finance from Wayne State University (Detroit). He is a certified Chartered Property Casualty Underwriter, Certified Insurance Counselor and an Associate in Underwriting.
 
 Jim EptingSenior Vice President
Jim Epting is a Corporate Senior Vice President and also serves as the Managing Director of the Atlanta office. In nearly 20 years at Burns & Wilcox, Jim has transformed underwriting units into some of the company’s most successful and developed books of business that are among the firm’s longest-standing relationships.
 
As his role has evolved from production to leadership responsibilities, Jim takes great pride in fostering the company’s next generation of leadership.
 
He has led the geographic expansion of Burns & Wilcox throughout the East Coast, building new opportunities with brokers, agents and insurance companies.
 
Jim earned a bachelor’s degree in risk management and insurance from the Terry College of Business at the University of Georgia. He also completed an executive leadership program at the University. Jim holds an Associate in Surplus Line Insurance (ASLI) and Certified Insurance Counselor (CIC) designation.
 
 Michael PaulinChief Information Officer (CIO) and Corporate Vice President, Information Technology
Mike Paulin is Chief Information Officer (CIO) and Corporate Vice President, leading information technology across the H.W. Kaufman family of companies. With more than 20 years of experience, Mike works to foster seamless global networking throughout the organization.
 
Under his leadership, the IT group has supplied a modern infrastructure and portfolio of enterprise applications that enables the company to quickly respond to market challenges and deliver best-in-class client service. Visualizing the future of technology in insurance, Mike is utilizing new advancements in adjacent industries to recreate, replace, and reinvent insurance sales and service processes.
 
Mike earned a Bachelor of Business Administration and Masters of Business Administration from Grand Valley State University and a Master of Science in Information Systems at the University of Michigan.
 

 Renee LercheCorporate Senior Vice President Human Resources
Dr. Renee Lerche is an internationally recognized expert in employee engagement, human resources management and workforce development. She oversees the design, implementation and execution of all HR systems for Burns & Wilcox and across the H.W. Kaufman family of companies.
 
Since joining the company is 2006, Renee has worked alongside Chairman, President and CEO Alan Jay Kaufman to build the industry’s premier continuing education and professional development initiatives. Today, Burns & Wilcox is proud to offer its team access to unmatched emerging leadership and advanced management programs along with the company’s own corporate university.
 
Renee earned a bachelor’s degree from Douglass College, a master’s degree from Boston State College and a doctorate from Harvard University. She is an elected Fellow of the Douglass Society (1999) and the recipient of the Institute for Educational Leadership’s National Leadership Award. Renee also previously served as a faculty member at the University of Michigan’s Ross School of Business.
 
 Wayne BatesCorporate Senior Vice President
Wayne Bates is President of Atain Insurance Companies and Corporate Senior Vice President of H.W. Kaufman Financial Group. With more than 28 years of experience, he is acutely focused executing profitable growth strategy, product development and operations.
 
Prior to joining on as President of Atain, Wayne served as an Underwriter in the London insurance market and as President of a start-up surplus lines carrier in Illinois. In addition, he was formerly with H.W. Kaufman as a Corporate Vice President, serving as Director, Special Risks Division, Burns & Wilcox Limited and Director of Underwriting, Atain Specialty Insurance Company.
 
Wayne obtained his ACII from the Chartered Insurance Institute in 1992.
 
















Company History

With over four decades of industry leadership to our name, H.W. Kaufman Financial Group continues to forge bold new paths in the insurance industry. Founded in 1969 by Herbert W. Kaufman to serve brokers and agents with specialty insurance products, we have steadily grown into the foremost global network of companies in the insurance industry. We conduct business in over 50 offices around the world, and we are just getting started.
Under the stewardship of Alan Jay Kaufman, Burns & Wilcox has grown to over $2 billion in annual premiums through a series of strategic acquisitions, technological advancements and organic growth.
2010: $900 Mil
2011: $950 Mil
2012: $1.2 Bil
2013: $1.4 Bil
2014: $1.6 Bil
2015: $1.8 Bil




















Today


H.W. Kaufman consists of over 50 offices around the globe, which are shaping the insurance industry.










2017


Launches Afirm – A merger of US-Reports and Canadian Reports










2016


Launches KILT – Kaufman International Leadership Training










2015


Alan Jay Kaufman establishes a major endowment within the Eli Broad College of Business at Michigan State University to provide academic leadership in insurance.










2014


Acquires Lochain Patrick










2013


Incorporates Burns & Wilcox Brokerage










2013


Acquires Canadian-based Spectius Underwriting Solutions Ltd., provider of premium audits, inspections and risk services. The company now operates as Canadian Reports.










2013


Acquires Global Excess Partners










2012


Launches KAMP – Kaufman Advanced Management Program










2012


Acquires Chesterfield Insurance Group Canada and rebrands as Burns & Wilcox Canada










2012


Acquires Chesterfield Insurance Group UK










2010


Acquires US-Reports










2008


Launches KELP – Kaufman Emerging Leaders Program










2007


Alan Jay Kaufman founds the Kaufman Institute, providing outstanding opportunities for the professional development of his employees.










2001


Acquires Atain










2001


Alan Jay Kaufman creates The Kaufman Family Foundation, awarding scholarships to exceptional students.










1996


Corporate Headquarters relocates to its current location in Farmington Hills, MI.










1996


Second-generation leader Alan Jay Kaufman acquires the company and takes it private.










1990


H.W. Kaufman takes the company public.










1990


Acquires Minuteman Adjusters










1988


Acquires Royal Premium










1982


First Managers Meeting










1980


Acquires R.B. Jones










1969


Kaufman Financial Group founded by Herbert W. Kaufman in Southfield, MI.





























Connect with Us 

LinkedIn


About Us 
About Us
Our Companies
Careers
Locations

Contact Us800.521.1918 









































Alan W. Kaufman - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Alan W. Kaufman
Former Board Member at FalconStor Software, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Alan W. Kaufman? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan W. Kaufman's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan W. Kaufman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan W. Kaufman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan W. Kaufman through your network of contacts.
												








Alan W. Kaufman's Executive Work History


Past
To view Alan W. Kaufman's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


														 B.S., 
															Tufts University


Age
77

 
 


Alan W. Kaufman's Biography



Alan W. Kaufman is an experienced technology executive with over thirty five years of experience in the computer and software industries. He was a director of Appfluent Technologies from October 2002 to May 2009. He was a director of NetIQ Corporation from August 1997 until its merger with Attachmate Corporation in August 2006. Mr. Kaufman served as a director of QueryObject Systems Corp. from October 1997 to March 2002. He also served as QueryObject Systems' Chairman of the Board from May 1998 to October 1999, and as President and Chief Executive Officer from October 1997 to December 1998, when he retired. From December 1996 to October 1997, ...
(Read More)

			Alan W. Kaufman is an experienced technology executive with over thirty five years of experience in the computer and software industries. He was a director of Appfluent Technologies from October 2002 to May 2009. He was a director of NetIQ Corporation from August 1997 until its merger with Attachmate Corporation in August 2006. Mr. Kaufman served as a director of QueryObject Systems Corp. from October 1997 to March 2002. He also served as QueryObject Systems' Chairman of the Board from May 1998 to October 1999, and as President and Chief Executive Officer from October 1997 to December 1998, when he retired. From December 1996 to October 1997, Mr. Kaufman was an independent consultant. From April 1986 to December 1996, Mr. Kaufman held various positions at Cheyenne Software. Mr. Kaufman was the founding president of, and was on the Board of Directors of, the New York Software Industry Association. He is on the Advisory Board of the CUNY (City University of New York) Institute for Software Design and Development. Mr. Kaufman holds a B.S. in electrical engineering from Tufts University. Mr. Kaufman has been a director of the Company since May 2005 and his term as a director of the Company expires in 2018.



The following experience, qualifications, attributes and/or skills led the Board to conclude that Mr. Kaufman should serve as a director: his professional background and experience, current and previously held senior-executive level positions; his service on other public and private company boards; FalconStor board experience, board attendance and participation; and his extensive experience in technology and sales and marketing.
		
Source: FalconStor Software, Inc. on 03/18/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Alan W. Kaufman's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Alan W. Kaufman. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Alan W. Kaufman's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Alan W. Kaufman's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Alan W. Kaufman through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Alan W. Kaufman


















Alan W. Kaufman's Connections (37)





Sign up now to view Alan W. Kaufman's 37 connections »









David J. Barram
Former Board Member, DXC Technology Company









Charles M. Boesenberg
Chairman of the Board, Callidus Software Inc.









Michael J. Rose
Former Executive Vice President, Customer Executive Relationships, Service, Support and Operations, Juniper Networks, Inc.









Martin M. Hale
Board Member, FalconStor Software, Inc.









Steven R. Fischer
Board Member, ScanSource, Inc.









Michael E. Lehman
Board Member, MGIC Investment Corporation









Michael J. Maples
Board Member, Q2 Holdings, Inc.









Michael P. Kelly
Board Member, FalconStor Software, Inc.









Alan Komet
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, FalconStor Software, Inc.









Seth R. Horowitz
Former Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, FalconStor Software, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















Kaufman Financial Group CEO Joins St. John's University Risk Management Board
















































































MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management










Featured Stories
Wisconsin Garage Death Policy LimitBorder Tax Cost to California 


News
Markets
Jobs









 





Front Page

National
International
Most Popular
Magazine
Forums
Blogs
Videos/Podcasts
Newsletters


News

Most Popular
National
International
East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West


Topics

P&C Companies
Agents & Brokers
Government
Markets/Coverages
Operations
Claims
More Topics


Magazines

East
Midwest
South Central
Southeast
West
Subscribe


Research
Directories

Jobs

Sales
Marketing
Management
Finance
Claims
Underwriting
Other


Features

Events
Forums
Buyers Guide
Insurance Twitter
Market Directories
Ad Showcase
Quotes
Polls


Subscribe








Kaufman Financial Group CEO Joins St. John’s University Risk Management Board

June 15, 2017 



Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet





Article
1 Comments


Alan Jay Kaufman, chairman, president and CEO of Detroit/Farmington Hills, Michigan-based H.W. Kaufman Financial Group, has joined the School of Risk Management, Insurance and Actuarial Science board of overseers at the St. John’s University Peter J. Tobin College of Business in New York.
Kaufman and H.W. Kaufman Financial Group have a longstanding dedication to insurance education. Kaufman has been an active and outspoken advocate for educating and attracting talent, and has initiated programs inside his own company and in academia. Under his leadership, vision and innovative programs, Kaufman Financial Group has reduced the average age of its more than 1,700-person employee base to 40.3 years — compared to the industry average of 54 years.
In a media release, Kaufman said it is the insurance industry’s “responsibility to develop the leaders of tomorrow, help them establish prosperous and fulfilling careers – and perhaps plant the seeds of new enterprises.”
Alan Jay Kaufman
To improve the talent pool for Kaufman Financial Group and insurance companies throughout the industry, Kaufman and his team have pioneered several innovative education programs, including:

The Kaufman Institute: A unique and comprehensive continuing education program that provides professional development opportunities for industry professionals, from basic insurance and business skills to opportunities to acquire Associate and Baccalaureate degrees.
Endowed Professorship: Kaufman established the Alan J. and Sue E. Kaufman Endowed Professorship in Insurance and Risk Management with a significant gift at Michigan State University’s Eli Broad College of Business – creating a first-of-its-kind program for the university.
Kaufman Emerging Leaders Program (KELP): KELP is a world-class management development platform for young insurance professionals with leadership potential and the desire to succeed in a highly profitable sector of the insurance industry.
Kaufman Advanced Management Program (KAMP): KAMP is a prestigious 18-month program designed for distinguished leaders to grow their managerial skills.

Earlier this year, St. John’s Tobin College of Business ranked second among the 15 best risk management and insurance degree programs by the website Online Accounting Degree Programs, an internet resource for business students.
Founded in 1969, H.W. Kaufman Financial Group is a global network of companies that includes Burns & Wilcox, Burns & Wilcox Canada, Burns & Wilcox Brokerage, Burns & Wilcox Re, Atain Insurance Companies, Afirm Solutions, Chesterfield Insurance Brokers, Lochain Patrick, Cranbrook Underwriting, Global Excess Partners, Minuteman Adjusters, R.B. Jones, and Royal Premium.
Source: H.W. Kaufman Group





	Get Insurance Journal Every Day
	





Subscribe




Email This
Print
Newsletters



Tweet








Categories: National NewsTopics: Alan J. and Sue E. Kaufman Endowed Professorship in Insurance and Risk Management, Alan Jay Kaufman, burns & wilcox, H.W. Kaufman Financial Group, Kaufman Advanced Management Program (KAMP), Kaufman Emerging Leaders Program (KELP), People, people photo available, St. John’s University Peter J. Tobin College of Business, The Kaufman Institute 
Have a hot lead?  Email us at newsdesk@insurancejournal.com




 
 

Advertisers





Latest Comments




								    June 16, 2017 at 2:54 pm											

 Ousmane says: 

				Proud to be a product of the Tobin College of Business at Saint John's University.			




See all comments


See Comments (1)Add a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name *
Email *
Comment 




Notify me of comments via e-mail 



More NewsExclusive: California Broker Plans Parametric Quake Product That Pays Even If No Damage‘Specialize and Diversify,’ Industry Veteran Markel Tells Super Regional InsurersFired OSHA Whistleblower Claims Investigator Turns WhistleblowerMassachusetts SJC Rules in Favor of Employee Fired for Medical Marijuana UseHouse Committee Advances Bill to Let Autonomous Vehicles Bypass StatesTexas Lawmaker Seeks to Limit Austin’s Construction Site Worker ProtectionsRenovation at the Deli; A Story About Additional InsuredsMajor Cyber Attack Could Cost Global Economy $53 Billion: Lloyd’sMore News Features




 
 
Most Popular

Now
This Week
Commented



O.J. Simpson Faces $58 Million Wrongful Death Damages After Release from Jail
'Specialize and Diversify,' Industry Veteran Markel Tells Super Regional Insurers
Fired OSHA Whistleblower Claims Investigator Turns Whistleblower
Minnesota Fines 2 Insurers for Refusing to Pay Auto Accident Claims
6 Injured in Atlanta Restaurant Roof Collapse


Trump Administration to Sign Insurance Regulation Pact with European Union
Florida Insurers Place All Options on Table to Address AOB Abuse
Travelers Launches Usage-Based Insurance App for Personal Auto Customers
Titleist's Fight Against Logo Parody: Infringement or Free Speech?
Travelers Says It's 'Where It Needs to Be' to Compete; Q2 Results Dampened by Weather


GOP Senate Leader Backs Repealing Obamacare Without Replacement | Comments (85)
Titleist's Fight Against Logo Parody: Infringement or Free Speech? | Comments (20)
Massachusetts Marijuana Deal Calls for Up to 20 Percent Tax on Pot Sales | Comments (16)
GOP Senate Health Bill Would Substantially Raise Deductibles, Number of Uninsureds: CBO | Comments (14)
California Commissioner Wants Investigation Following Airline Near Miss | Comments (7)

More Top Stories



Industry Insight 

Why Cyber Should Be Treated as Standalone Insurance
Firms Value Cyber Assets Highly Until Time for Insurance
 Risk Managers in Denial Over Disruptive Technologies

PotashCorp’s Seaman Takes Helm as 2017 RIMS President
 St. Joseph’s Team Wins Spencer-RIMS Risk Management Challenge



 
Research and White Papers 


Free Newsletters  Sign up to receive insurance news alerts!










Daily Headlines
Most Popular This Week
MyNewMarkets.com Daily
Insurance Jobs Newsletter (weekly)
Carrier Management (new)








 
Have a news tip? Tell us.


Current Issue 

Read OnlineDownload PDFSubscribeAvailable on the iPad


 Featured VideosRetaining Young TalentWatch NowOutgoing Florida CFO Atwater Recalls Successes, Frustrations With IndustryListen Now
Editors and Contributors 



Oyauma Garrison
Be Prepared: Vetting is Essential for CAT Season Support





Don Jergler
California Surplus Lines Don't Want to be Left Out of State's Marijuana Regs





Andrew G. Simpson
HCI to Expand Flood Insurance Sales to Nine States





Amy O' Connor
South Carolina Sets Insurer Deadline Related to New Moped Safety Law



Quote of Note Not coincidentally, when R Street issued its first regulation report card in 2012, Florida ranked dead last and North Carolina was somewhere in the middle. This year, North Carolina is dead last and Florida is somewhere in the middle.  More Quotes
Partner Center 


Reader Poll 
In which one of these areas would you MOST like to see the P/C insurance industry develop new products?

 








Insurance Jobs
Insurance Agent - Pacific Northwest - WA, OR, ID, HI, AKCommercial Lines Account Manager - Lincoln, NEInsurance Training Specialist - Lincoln, NECommercial Lines Supervisor - Lincoln, NEInsurance Account Specialist - Lincoln, NE

 




Survey: Agents Suggest How Carriers Can Move from 'Good' to 'Great'
How Training in Property Underwriting Can Help Cyber Underwriters
Ironshore CEO Kelley Talks Goals Under Liberty Mutual
5 Tips for Selling Umbrella Insurance







Fraud News: Attorney Takes Client's Money, Fire Captain Files Fake Claim
Hazard Mitigation Program Aims to Strengthen Louisiana Against Storms
Some Determined to Stay Even as Florida Sinkhole Grows Wider
No Real Rule on How Hot is too Hot on a Plane






Jul 20 Certificate of Insurance: You Can't Always Get What You WantAug 24 Hope I Die Before I Get Old Else Medicare is Going to Knock me ColdSep 14 Are Water Damage Claims Drowning Your Profits?Oct 12 Interview Right or Else Hire Wrong

 









Insurance News

News by Region
News by Topic

Yesterday

Site Search

 



Features

Insurance Markets Directory
Forums
A.M. Best Company Ratings
Industry Events
Agencies Wanted / For Sale
Buyers Guide
Newswire
Ad Showcase
Insurance Jobs



Connect with us

Email Newsletters
Magazine Subscriptions
For Your Website
RSS Feeds
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn



Insurance Journal

Submit News
Advertise
Subscribe
Reprints
Link to Us
Contact Us

Wells Media Group Network

Insurance Journal Online
MyNewMarkets.com
Claims Journal
Insurance Journal TV
Academy of Insurance
Carrier Management



© 2017 by Wells Media Group, Inc. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Site Map






















Insider Trading - Kaufman Alan W - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Kaufman Alan W





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-04Option Award
2016-11-087:26 pm
N/AN/A
Falconstor Software Inc
FALC
Kaufman Alan WDirector
15,075
$0
110,075(Direct)
View


2016-04-27Option Award
2016-04-286:01 pm
N/AN/A
Falconstor Software Inc
FALC
Kaufman Alan WDirector
10,000
$0
95,000(Direct)
View


2015-04-22Option Award
2015-04-245:21 pm
N/AN/A
Falconstor Software Inc
FALC
Kaufman Alan WDirector
10,000
$0
85,000(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sun, 23 Jul 2017 07:25:30 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  








 





















Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children, Second Edition




















 





 

 










 United
        States 


 Australiahttp://pearsonpsychcorp.com.au
 Brazilhttps://www.casadopsicologo.com.br/
 Canadahttp://psychcorp.ca
 Denmarkhttp://www.pearsonassessment.dk
 Francehttp://ecpa.fr
 Germanyhttp://pearsonassessment.de
 Indiahttp://pearsonclinical.in/
 Netherlandshttp://www.pearson-nl.com
 New Zealandhttp://pearsonpsychcorp.com.au
 Norwayhttp://www.pearsonassessment.no
 Spainhttp://www.pearsonpsychcorp.es
 Swedenhttp://pearsonassessment.se
 United Kingdomhttp://www.psychcorp.co.uk
 United States/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en.html





International Sites
















    


Training


Help and Support


Ordering


Contact Us














Cart (0 items)









Cart










Sign In/Account









Account Options

Profile
Payment Method
Address Book
Qualification Information


Order History

Order History & Saved Cart




Logout
















Clinical Psychology






Change Community





PreK-16 Education and Special Needs/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en/education.html
Speech and Language/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en/language.html
Occupational and Physical Therapy/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en/therapy.html
Early Childhood/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en/childhood.html
Talent Assessment/content/ani/clinicalassessments/us/en/talent.html






 
    Change Community










Check Order Status
	                
	          	

Order by Product Number
	           	








Order by Product Number



Enter the product number (catalog code or ISBN
                     number) and select the quantity you wish to purchase.
                  



Product Number
Quantity















 






 






 






 




 + Add Additional Products


Add To Cart

























 Search: 






















Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children, Second Edition(KABC™-II)
        
Alan S. Kaufman, PhD, Nadeen L. Kaufman, EdD

 









































        Overview:
      
      A culturally fair ability test for all the children you serve. An individually administered measure of cognitive ability.
    


Qualification Level:
      
      C
    


        Age Range:
      
      3-18
    


RTI Tiers:
      RTI Level 3
    


        Administration:
      
      Paper-and-pencil
    


        Completion Time:
      
      25 to 55 minutes (core battery, Luria model), 35 to 70 minutes (core battery, CHC model)
    


        Scores/Interpretation:
      
      Age-based standard scores, age equivalents, and percentile ranks
    


        Scoring Options:
      
      Q-global™ web-based scoring, Scoring software or Manual scoring
    


        Publication Date:
      
      2004
    


 



 




Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering


 




Product Details
Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering [top]

Benefits

A dual theoretical foundation—using the Luria neuropsychological model and the Cattell/Horn/Carroll (CHC) approach—helps you obtain the data you need for each individual you test
An Optional Knowledge/Crystallized Ability scale, so you can use one test with all children
An expanded age range for ages 3 to 18 that allows you to use one test for preschool, elementary, and high school children
Full conorming with the Kaufman Test of Educational Achievement, Second Edition (KTEA-II), for in-depth ability/achievement comparisons

The choice is yours
The new Kaufman Assessment Battery for Children, Second Edition (KABC-II) now has a broader theoretical base, making it the instrument of choice for all cognitive assessment applications. Extensively redesigned and updated, this test provides detailed, accurate information and unprecedented flexibility. Like the original K-ABC, the second edition more fairly assesses children of different backgrounds and with diverse problems, with small score differences between ethnic groups.
A test of exceptional cultural fairness
KABC-II subtests are designed to minimize verbal instructions and responses. This gives you in-depth data with less "filtering" due to language.
Also, test items contain little cultural content, so children of diverse backgrounds are assessed more fairly. You can be confident you’re getting a true picture of a child’s abilities—even when language difficulties or cultural differences might affect test scores.
Dual theoretical model gives you options
With the KABC-II, you can choose the Cattell-Horn-Carroll model for children from a mainstream cultural and language background. Or if Crystallized Ability would not be a fair indicator of the child’s cognitive ability, you may choose the Luria model which excludes verbal ability. Administer the same subtests on four or five ability scales. Then, interpret the results based on your chosen model. Either approach gives you a global score that is highly valid and that shows small differences between ethnic groups in comparison with other comprehensive ability batteries. In addition, a nonverbal option allows you to assess a child whose verbal skills are significantly limited.
A range of scales and subtests gives you a detailed picture of cognitive ability
KABC-II scales and their subtests include:
Simultaneous/Gv

Triangles
Face Recognition
Pattern Reasoning (ages 5 and 6)
Block Counting
Story Completion (ages 5 and 6)
Conceptual Thinking
Rover
Gestalt Closure

Sequential/ Gsm

Word Order
Number Recall
Hand Movements

Planning/Gf

Pattern Reasoning (ages 7–18)
Story Completion (ages 7–18)

Learning/Glr

Atlantis
Atlantis Delayed
Rebus
Rebus Delayed

Knowledge/Gc included in the CHC model only

Riddles
Expressive Vocabulary
Verbal Knowledge

Helps answer the referral question
The KABC-II helps you get the information you need to answer questions such as, "Why is this student not performing like other children?" and “What can we do to help?” The KABC-II approach provides insights into how a child receives and processes information, helping you pinpoint cognitive strengths and weaknesses. Additionally, fully normed and validated supplemental subtests are offered to allow hypothesis testing. And when an ability/achievement comparison is needed, the KABC-II is fully conormed with the a Kaufman Test of Educational Achievement, Second Edition (KTEA-II).
Fun to take, easy to administer
Best of all, children enjoy the tasks that make up the KABC-II! Because most subtests engage children by using novel and colorful stimuli or manipulatives, it’s easy to administer the test battery. Examinees focus easily on the activities, so you know results reflect their best efforts. And that means more efficient testing and more accurate, useful data.
Do you test bilingual examinees who speak both Spanish and English?
Although the Knowledge/Crystallized Ability subtests must be administered in English, correct responses in other languages are given credit. The KABC-II provides correct Spanish-language responses and teaching text on the easels and record form. This makes scoring easier and more accurate.




Scoring
Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering [top]

Two options for scoring and reporting the KABC-II are now available on Q-global.
The first option is to pay per-report. Customers who administer the KABC-II only a few times each year, or those who want the flexibility to pay only as the assessment is used, may prefer this option.
The second option is to select an "unlimited use" subscription, where one user of the KABC-II gets unlimited scoring and reporting for one, three, or five years depending on the selected term of the subscription. This may be a better option for customers who administer the KABC-II several times each year—and don't want to worry about keeping track of their report expenses.
Scoring and/or Reporting Options
Q-global™ Web-based Administration, Scoring, and Reporting – Enables you to quickly assess and efficiently organize examinee information, generate scores, and produce accurate comprehensive reports all via the Web.
Score tests easily and accurately with the ASSIST™
Quick and accurate, this software program makes scoring and reporting even simpler with four analysis options, including:

Score summary
Scale profile
Achievement/ability comparison
Additional diagnostic information for hypothesis generation

Available for Windows and Macintosh.




Resources
Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering [top]

 Materials
KABC-II Brochure (PDF - 484 KB)
A Validity Study of the KABC-II and the Taos Pueblo Indian Children of New Mexico
An Interview with Dr. Alan Kaufman
Sample Requests




Training
Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering [top]









Getting Started with the Q-global Training Series
View these brief training modules about Q-global:

Module 1: Gaining Access to Q-global
Module 2: Signing in and setting up your account
Module 3: Managing sub-accounts
Module 4: How to generate reports










 




Pre-recorded Webinars



The KABC-II and its role in finding the answers 
Presenter: Dr. Elaine Fletcher-Janzen, EdD, NCSP










From referral question to diagnostic impressions, Dr. Elaine Fletcher Janzen will discuss the strengths of the KABC-II and the insight it delivers within a comprehensive evaluation through two very different case studies.
Date: May 03, 2011
                        
                        
                            











Print












Email A Colleague
All fields marked with an (*) are required.






Your Name*



Your E-mail Address*



Your Colleague's Name*



Your Colleague's E-mail Address*



Subject



Your Message




E-mail addresses are used for this mailing request only and are not saved or used by www.PearsonClinical.com for any other purposes. For security purposes, your IP address will be included in the E-mail.







Send






Cancel
















 






 





Pricing & Ordering
Product DetailsScoring & ReportingResourcesTrainingPricing & Ordering [top]









 










Add to Cart



Order Complete Kit


Order Components

 











Q-global® Web-based Administration, Scoring and Reporting

 









Kits



Price



Qty

 










Reports (Usages)



Price



Qty

 




KABC-II Q-global™ Score Report
64000



                    $2.10
                





 

            
                Price per report
            
            




 

Scoring Subscriptions for Paper Administrations (Unlimited use for a single user)
 

 





Kits



Price



Qty

 










Reports (Subscriptions)



Price



Qty

 




KABC-2 Scoring 1-Year Subscription
QG1KA2



                    $40.00
                





 





KABC-2 Scoring 3-Year Subscription
QG3KA2



                    $110.00
                





 





KABC-2 Scoring 5-Year Subscription
QG5KA2



                    $165.00
                





 






 
 







Manual Scoring

 









Kits



Price



Qty

 




KABC-II Complete Kit
21000A



                    $963.05
                





 

Includes 4 Easels, 1 Manual, all necessary Stimulus and Manipulative Materials, 25 Record Forms, Soft-Sided Nylon Briefcase



WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD
                    - Small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
                









Manuals



Price



Qty

 




KABC-II Manual Package
0158116860



                    $79.25
                





 





Administration Materials



Price



Qty

 




KABC-II Record Forms
21015A



                    $74.70
                





 

Pkg of 25




Additional Materials



Price



Qty

 




KABC-II Training Video - DVD
21023A



                    $154.50
                





 






 
 





























 


Add to Cart














Print This Page












Email A Colleague
All fields marked with an (*) are required.






Your Name*



Your E-mail Address*



Your Colleague's Name*



Your Colleague's E-mail Address*



Subject



Your Message




E-mail addresses are used for this mailing request only and are not saved or used by www.PearsonClinical.com for any other purposes. For security purposes, your IP address will be included in the E-mail.







Send






Cancel




























You May Also Like










Quick View




 






Kaufman Brief Intelligence Test, Second Edition(KBIT-2)


 












Quick View




 






Kaufman Test of Educational Achievement, Third Edition(KTEA™-3)


 








  
  


Help with Your Order
Our team is here to help you find the right test or assist with ordering.
Ordering FAQs
P: 800.627.7271
F: 800.232.1223  Or email us





 

 






Clinical Assessment Home






 

 





Browse Categories

ADD/ADHDAbility/Cognitive/IntelligenceAchievementAutismBehavior

BiopsychosocialCareer Development/VocationalDevelopmentalExecutive Function/Attention

Learning DisabilitiesMalingeringMemoryNeuropsychology

Personality (normal)PsychopathologySchool ReadinessSocial Skills

 


 





















Other Pearson SitesAssessmentClinical AssessmentsLarge-Scale AssessmentLearning AssessmentPost-Secondary EducationTalent AssessmentTeacher Licensure Testing And Performance Assessment

Other Pearson Sites






 






About
     | 


Permissions and Licensing
     | 


Terms of Sale and Use
     | 


Returns
     | 


Legal Policies
     | 


Privacy
     | 


Website Terms of Use
     | 


Sitemap







 Copyright © 2017 Pearson Education, Inc or its affiliate(s). All rights reserved.


 

 











	Kaufman news- Insurance Business





































UK
US
CA
AU
NZ
Asia
















































Kaufman news


Home Companies Kaufman news










                                        Burns & Wilcox expands sponsorship deal with four-time PGA winner
Company announces that it will extend its sponsorship contract with the winner of the 2012 US Open



                                        Burns & Wilcox on lookout for new talent
Double digit growth led to an office expansion and plans for hiring



                                        JANICE PICKLO
Janice Picklo of H.W. Kaufman Financial Group is part of the Insurance Business America Elite Women in Insurance 2017.



                                        BONNIE STEEN
Bonnie Steen of Burns & Wilcox is part of the Insurance Business America Elite Women in Insurance 2017.



                                        Cream rises: importance of celebrating industry success
“Overall we’re all working towards the same goal, which is to help the insurance company and help our partners. And really we want to showcase that and we want to celebrate it.”



                                        HW Kaufman CEO joins university board
Financial group augments its commitment towards education and training of tomorrow’s insurance professionals



                                        Burns & Wilcox parent acquires new insurance business
Kaufman financial has just added 158 new employees to its Afirm business



                                        What trends are impacting construction insurance?
IBA chatted with Jessalyn Suda of Atain Insurance to get the inside scoop on the US construction insurance market



                                        Burns & Wilcox reveals plans to double state operations
Company to expand local office and make additional investments



                                        Fresh blood in the insurance business
The insurance industry is suffering through a talent shortage right now. With baby boomers approaching retirement, the industry needs fresh blood. But how can the insurance business attract young people? IBA recently chatted with Alan Jay Kaufman, chairman, president and CEO of Burns & Wilcox and principal of Kaufman Group, about how his company is making insurance attractive to millennials.



Prev12345Next






Marketing

                                            How to sell an industry that no young person dreams of joining

                                            For those who have found successful careers in insurance, it’s a no-brainer that it’s a fulfilling, enjoyable industry
                                        

People

                                            Chubb names new EVP and property manager for North America

                                            Outgoing executive had served the company for just under four decades
                                        

People

                                            Marsh & McLennan names new emerging technologies head

                                            Emerging technologies program addresses challenges brought on by rising technology risk
                                        



Featured content



                                            Realtors withdraw objection to key flood insurance legislation

                                            An industry group for realtors says there have been significant improvements in the legislation
                                        



                                            Combined Insurance named top-performing company for eighth straight year

                                            The company made the prestigious list by maintaining superior results over a long period
                                        



                                            Fake insurance agent gets nearly four years

                                            A Connecticut man continued to present himself as an insurance agent for years after the state revoked his license
                                        















Latest news



                                Willis Towers Watson report showcases new tech battleground
Figures show that insurtech investments are sky rocketing and a new key focus has emerged



                                Cyber insurance start-up outlines its “hacker’s point of view” when assessing risk
“We are better positioned than insurance companies because we have cyber security DNA,” says start-up CEO



                                XL Catlin boosts cyber insurance coverage with new policy
Form created in reaction to ever-increasing range of threats







INSURANCE BUSINESS TV







                            Matt Power on FloodReady









































Alan Kaufman |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Alan Kaufman Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Alan Kaufman
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Alan W. Kaufman has been a director of Appfluent Technologies since October 2002. He was a director of NetIQ Corporation from August 1997 until its merger... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2005


FalconStor Software, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




IQ Testing 101 -9780826106292|Springer Publishing Company




























































































 
x









JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                

















Springer Publishing Company
Proudly serving the health care and helping professions.










 Join our mailing list







Search SearchAdvanced Search







Shopping Cart 0


 
Close
                        Recently added item(s)                    

                        You have no items in your shopping cart.                    





My Account
Login/Register





 


                                        BROWSE BY SUBJECT                                    
 









 Nursing 



 Behavioral Sciences 



 Health Sciences 



 Medicine 



 Physician Assistant 



 Consumer Health 







Administration, Management, and Leadership




Advanced Practice Nursing




Board Review and Certification




Cherry Ames Series




Community Health Nursing




Complementary, Integrative, and Alternative Medicine




Critical Care and Emergency




DNP




Fast Facts Series




Geriatric and Gerontological




Maternal, Neonatal, Women's Health






MedSurg and Acute Care Nursing




Nursing Education




Nursing General Interest




Palliative Care and End-of-Life




Pediatric Nursing




Professional Issues and Trends




Psychiatric Nursing




Research, Theory, and Measurement




Undergraduate Nursing




Watson Caring Science Institute








Counseling




Gerontology




Psychology






Rehabilitation




Social Work








Healthcare Administration






Public Health








Neurology




Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation




Oncology






Pathology




Other Specialties








Assessment Diagnosis and Clinical Skills




Administration Management and Leadership




Cardiology




Critical Care and Emergency




Ear, Nose, and Throat






Internal Medicine




Maternal, Neonatal, and Women's Health




Pediatrics




Primary Care




Professional Issues and Trends








Alzheimer's/Dementia




Brain Injury




Cancer




Caregiving




Diabetes




Diet & Fitness




Epilepsy




Family & Pregnancy






Living and Working with Chronic Illness




Living Well




Multiple Sclerosis




Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders




Spinal Cord Injury




Women's Health




More Conditions & Diseases











JournalseBooks Publish with Us


 BROWSE BY SUBJECT







Nursing 



Administration, Management, and Leadership


Advanced Practice Nursing


Board Review and Certification


Cherry Ames Series


Community Health Nursing


Complementary, Integrative, and Alternative Medicine


Critical Care and Emergency


DNP


Fast Facts Series


Geriatric and Gerontological


Maternal, Neonatal, Women's Health


MedSurg and Acute Care Nursing


Nursing Education


Nursing General Interest


Palliative Care and End-of-Life


Pediatric Nursing


Professional Issues and Trends


Psychiatric Nursing


Research, Theory, and Measurement


Undergraduate Nursing


Watson Caring Science Institute





Behavioral Sciences 



Counseling


Gerontology


Psychology


Rehabilitation


Social Work





Health Sciences 



Healthcare Administration


Public Health





Medicine 



Neurology


Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation


Oncology


Pathology


Other Specialties





Physician Assistant 



Assessment Diagnosis and Clinical Skills


Administration Management and Leadership


Cardiology


Critical Care and Emergency


Ear, Nose, and Throat


Internal Medicine


Maternal, Neonatal, and Women's Health


Pediatrics


Primary Care


Professional Issues and Trends





Consumer Health 



Alzheimer's/Dementia


Brain Injury


Cancer


Caregiving


Diabetes


Diet & Fitness


Epilepsy


Family & Pregnancy


Living and Working with Chronic Illness


Living Well


Multiple Sclerosis


Parkinson's Disease and Movement Disorders


Spinal Cord Injury


Women's Health


More Conditions & Diseases










JournalseBooks Publish with Us





                                        EXAM PREP & STUDY TOOLS                                    
 



Advanced Practice Nursing Specialty Nursing Neurology PM&R Radiation Oncology Medical Oncology Health Care Admin Counseling Psychology Social Work
Browse All Apps




 EXAM PREP & STUDY TOOLS



Advanced Practice Nursing Specialty Nursing Neurology PM&R Radiation Oncology Medical Oncology Health Care Admin Counseling Psychology Social Work
Browse All Apps







                                        RESOURCES FOR                                    
 



Advertisers AuthorsBooksellersInstructors Librarians Media & Book Reviews Students Bulk Sales Permissions Translations




 RESOURCES FOR



Advertisers AuthorsBooksellersInstructors Librarians Media & Book Reviews Students Bulk Sales Permissions Translations







                                        BLOG                                    



                                        VIDEOS                                    



 










Login




Shopping Cart 0


 
Close
                        Recently added item(s)                    

                        You have no items in your shopping cart.                    






 
















 
Double click on above image to view full picture










Read a Sample Chapter











IQ Testing 101

SKU# 9780826106292





                Author:                Alan S. Kaufman  PhD







$35.00 



Qty:

Add to Cart

-OR-



 




Request Desk Copy



Buy From:
Amazon


Buy eBook:
Amazon
                            Kindle
|
iBooks




Save for later








Description 

 Alan Kaufman's informal, accessible writing style never sacrifices precision. In ten short chapters, he provides an astonishing depth and breadth of information, including engaging personal anecdotes that offer fresh and revealing insights even for a very experienced professional in the field..." --John O. Willis, EdDRivier College Alan Kaufman has a knack for teaching complicated psychological constructs in a way that is simultaneously sophisticated and easily understood. In IQ Testing 101, he applies this gift masterfully to the complex, controversial field of intelligence testing....If you want to know about intelligence testing-real IQ testing, not pop culture tests from the web or magazines, this is the book to read. -Cecil R. Reynolds, PhDEmeritusTexas A&M University  Does your IQ really measure your intelligence? Is IQ genetic? Can your IQ vary? Do we get smarter or dumber as we get older? How will IQ tests be different in the future?  Dr. Kaufman, a leading expert on the development of IQ tests, explores these critical questions and many more in IQ Testing 101. This book provides a brief, compelling introduction to the topic of IQ testing-its mysteries, misconceptions, and truths. This newest edition to the popular Psych 101 Series presents a common-sense approach to what IQ is and what it is not. In lucid, engaging prose, Kaufman explains the nature of IQ testing, as well as where it came from, and where it's going in the future. A quick, fun, even enlightening read, not only for psychologists and educators, but for anyone interested in the study of intelligence. The Psych 101 Series Short, reader-friendly introductions to cutting-edge topics in psychology. With key concepts, controversial topics, and fascinating accounts of up-to-the-minute research, The Psych 101 Series is a valuable resource for all students of psychology and anyone interested in the field. REVIEWS: In IQ Testing 101, Alan Kaufman gives a well thought out, articulate account of the historical development of intelligent IQ testing. It provides non-expert readers, like me, with a better understanding of IQ and its important clinical ramifications. Kaufman's engaging style of presentation makes you feel as if you are in the thick of this important field of inquiry... --Jeffrey W. Kirsch, PhDExecutive DirectorReuben H. Fleet Science Center This impressive book is replete with meaningful material, wonderful anecdotes, excellent examples, profound truths, and solid empiricism, backed an abundance of clinical experience....This volume provides an outstanding introduction and a great refresher for readers interested in the topic of intelligence and its assessment."  --Bruce A. Bracken, PhDThe College of William & Mary Professor Kaufman has made this remarkably accessible for all readers by using a personal journey of discovery style. So, whether you are a clinical psychologist or an interested lay person, 101 will tell you everything you wanted to know about IQ testing; don't be afraid to read it." --Thomas Dillon, PhDGroup Senior Vice President retiredScience Applications International Corporation Dr. Kaufman's superb writing makes one feel he is in the room talking to you....Psychologists, parents, educators and research scientists could all profit from reading this most important work by a master writer and thinker." --Sara S. Sparrow, PhDYale University Child Study Center Kaufman provides an outstanding look at the field of intelligence and intelligence testing in a manner that is understandable and at the same time very sophisticated....with a marvelous mixture of science, good sense, his own experience as a test developer, and a dose of humor.--Jack A. Naglieri, PhDSenior Research ScientistDevereux Center for Resilient Children  IQ Testing 101 is a must read for anyone (including IQ test administrators) looking for a clear, erudite, thought provoking, even entertaining introduction to the important issues surrounding IQ including the definitions, measurements, and development of human intelligence. So much is at stake with IQ testing and these ideas cannot be ignored. " --Scott Barry Kaufman, PhD (unrelated)Yale University, Dept of PsychologyCo-Editor of The Cambridge Handbook of Intelligence (with Robert J. Sternberg)  [T]his book will find its way into many college syllabi, not only because of the depth and breath of its coverage, but because of the wonderful way in which Dr Kaufman is able to make a difficult, often misunderstood topic so clear and thoroughly enjoyable." --Ron Dumont, EdD, NCSPDirector of the Masters and Doctoral Programs in School PsychologyFairleigh-Dickinson University This essentially tiny volume manages to cover the history of intelligence measurement, genetic versus environmental sources of intelligence, controversial issues in psychometrics and usage, summaries of research on cognitive profiles of specific populations, the future of the IQ construct, and measurement of cognitive abilities in general. To get that much perspective into such small print space requires an experienced and objective author and Alan Kaufman manages the task very well." Elaine Fletcher-Janzen, Ed.D., NCSP, ABPdN The Chicago School of Professional Psychology

Product Details 




Publication Date
July 20, 2009


Page Count
360


Product Form
Paperback / softback


ISBN 13
9780826106292


EISBN
9780826106308




Table of Contents 


                Chapter 1 Why Would Anyone Want to Read a Book About IQ Testing? 
Chapter 2 History, Part 1: Who Invented the IQ Test? 
Chapter 3 History, Part 2: At Long Last—Theory Meets Practice 
Chapter 4 The IQ Construct, Part 1: We All Know What IQs Are—Don’t We? 
Chapter 5 The IQ Construct, Part 2: How Accurate Are IQ Tests? 
Chapter 6 Hot Topic: Is IQ Genetic? 
Chapter 7 Hot Topic: Are Our IQs “Fixed” or Are They “Malleable”? 
Chapter 8 Hot Topic—IQ and Aging: Do We Get Smarter or Dumber as We Reach Old Age? 
Chapter 9 Hot Topic—IQ Tests in the Public Forum: Lead Level, Learning Disabilities, and IQ 
Chapter 10 The Future of IQ Tests 
References 
Index  

Related Videos 


IQ Testing Myths, and Whether We Get Smarter As We Age: Alan Kaufman















You May Also Like...






Genetics and Genomics for Advanced Practice Nursing
Omanand Koul  PhD, Jean E. Boucher  PhD, ANP-BC, RN







Psychiatric-Mental Health Nursing, Second Edition
Edited By: Jeffrey Jones  DNP, RN, PMHCNS-BC, CST, LNC|Joyce J. Fitzpatrick  PhD, MBA, RN, FAAN|Vickie L. Rogers  DNP, RN|







Guidelines for Nurse Practitioners in Gynecologic Settings, 11th Edition
Joellen W. Hawkins  RN, PhD, WHNP-BC, FAAN, FAANP...







Adult-Gerontology Practice Guidelines
Edited By: Jill C. Cash  MSN, APN, FNP-BC|Cheryl A. Glass  MSN, WHNP, RN-BC|



















 Get new books, discounts, and exclusive sales.Sign Up






Related sites:






Social Media:












Books

Counseling
Gerontology
Healthcare Administration
Nursing
Psychology
Public Health
Rehabilitation
Social Work



Journals

Advertising
Counseling 
Gerontology
Nursing
Psychology
Public Health
Rehabilitation
Social Work
Societies



Resources for

Advertisers
Authors
Booksellers
Instructors
Librarians
Media & Book Reviews
Permissions
Quantity Sales & Custom Solutions
Students
Translations




Customer service

My Account
Shipping & Delivery
Shopping Cart
Help / FAQ



Company information

About Us
Careers
Conferences
Contact Us
Co-Publishers and Friends
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use






© 2017 Springer Publishing Company 

 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings










































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started



















v




























alan kaufman - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











We Found Alan Kaufman | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Alan Kaufman



1) Alan Kaufman's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Alan Kaufman | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Alan Kaufman



Find Alan Kaufman Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Alan Kaufman at Amazon - Buy Alan Kaufman at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Alan Kaufman at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



Save UP to 20% For Dad



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals
















Alan Kaufman (writer)




Alan Kaufman is an American writer, memoirist and poet. He is the author of the memoirs Jew Boy and Drunken Angel, the novel [Matches], and is listed as editor of The Outlaw Bible of

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Interview With Critically Acclaimed Author, Alan Kaufman ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-chau/interview-with-critically_b...


Alan Kaufman, the Bronx-born son of a French-Jewish Holocaust survivor and a recovering alcoholic with 23 years of sobriety, is author of the critically ...


Alan Kaufman (writer) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Alan_Kaufman_(writer)


Alan Kaufman is an American writer, memoirist and poet. He is the author of the memoirs Jew Boy and Drunken Angel, the novel [Matches], and is listed as editor of The ...


Alan S. Kaufman - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Alan_S._Kaufman


Born in Brooklyn and raised on Long Island, Kaufman earned his bachelor's degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1965; M.A. in Educational Psychology from ...


Alan Kaufman - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Alan_Kaufman_(disambiguation)


This disambiguation page lists articles about people with the same name. If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the ...


Alan Kaufman | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/author/alan-kaufman


Alan Kaufman is a San Francisco poet and author whose books include 'Matches', a novel (Little, Brown), 'Jew Boy', a memoir (FSG/Foxrock), The Outlaw Bible of ...


Andy Kaufman's Death -- And The Faithful Who Say He Faked ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/05/16/andy-kaufman-death-fake-hoax_n...


In 1981, not long before his death, the real Andy Kaufman met Alan Abel, a professional hoaxer who'd managed the impossible the year before.


an article by Alan Kaufman - The Huffington Post

www.huffingtonpost.com/alan-kaufman/...books-and-kindles_b_380536.html


When I hear the term Kindle I think not of imaginations fired but of crematoria lit. And when I hear the term "hi-tech" I think not of helpful androids e...


Allan Kauffman - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Allan_Kauffman


Allan Kauffman is the former mayor of Goshen, Indiana, serving since April, 1997. Kauffman is the son of Paul and Mildred Kauffman. A graduate from Goshen High School ...


Highbrow - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/highbrow


Highbrow. Page: 1. Interview With Critically Acclaimed Author, Alan Kaufman. ... Alan Kaufman, the Bronx-born son of a French-Jewish Holocaust survivor, ...


Sapphire - Breaking News and Opinion on The Huffington Post

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/sapphire


Alan Kaufman, the Bronx-born son ... A huge crowd turned out to hear what the poet and author who goes only by the name Sapphire had to say -- so big that by 10 ...










We Found Alan Kaufman | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Alan Kaufman



1) Alan Kaufman's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Alan Kaufman | Vitals.com



Ad
 ·
Vitals.com/​Dr_Alan Kaufman



Find Alan Kaufman Online Free Report, Address & Phone Number




Alan Kaufman at Amazon - Buy Alan Kaufman at Amazon!



Ad
 ·
Amazon.com



Buy Alan Kaufman at Amazon! Free Shipping on Qualified Orders.


amazon.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(7,560 reviews)





DEWALT $20 off $100 Deals



Save UP to 20% For Dad



STANLEY $10 off $50 Deals




Searches related toalan kaufman



alan kaufman melrose


alan kaufman melrose credit union


alan kaufman hinshaw


alan kaufman insurance



alan kaufman author


alan kaufman michigan


alan kaufman lawyer


alan kaufman nj




12345Next

Related Searches



alan kaufman melrose


alan kaufman melrose credit union


alan kaufman hinshaw


alan kaufman insurance


alan kaufman author


alan kaufman michigan


alan kaufman lawyer


alan kaufman nj




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network





















 






















Alan Kaufman, MD | Nashville, TN | Diagnostic Radiologist























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Alan Kaufman MD


phone number
write review






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Alan Kaufman
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT


























Alan Kaufman MD 







Diagnostic Radiology Nashville, TN



write review
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Alan Kaufman does not yet have any reviews.




Have you seen Alan Kaufman before? Be the first to review!



write a review read reviews





About
Alan Kaufman, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Nashville, TN, with another office in Bowling Green, KY. He has 38 years of experience. His specialties include Diagnostic Radiology and Radiology.                      Alan Kaufman is affiliated with                            TriStar Greenview Regional Hospital,                            TriStar Southern Hills Medical Center and                            TriStar StoneCrest Medical Center.
                 He speaks English.



                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            2
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseAlan Kaufman has the following 6 areas of expertise,  2 specialties and 1 board certification.                     


                                2
                            

Specialties

                                    For the best health care, select a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.
                                
View all






                                6
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                1
                            

Board Certification

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Metastatic Melanoma


The facts about metastatic melanoma, a serious skin cancer, including signs, symptoms & what happens to the body in each stage of cancer.

view care guide





more health guides


Lung Cancer
Skin Cancer
Breast Cancer
Cancer
Chemotherapy
Lymphoma
Pulmonary Embolism








Locations & Directions











Radiology Alliance PC
210 25th Ave N
Nashville, TN 37203

Phone Number
Get Directions














TriStar Greenview Regional Hospital
1801 Ashley Cir
Bowling Green, KY 42104

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Alan Kaufman, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Nashville, TN.






Dr. Richard Belden 



Nashville, TN


5.0 











View Profile







Dr. Joy Henningsen 



Nashville, TN


3.2 











View Profile







Dr. Margaret Wright 



Nashville, TN


3.0 








23 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Alan Kaufman
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a doctor
>            Alan Kaufman, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















