

KBC Fund Management Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:40 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KBC Fund Management Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
KBC Fund Management Limited launches and manages balanced mutual funds and manages equity and fixed income mutual funds. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets. The firm was formerly known as Eperon Asset Management Limited. It operates as a subsidiary of KBC Asset Management NV. KBC Fund Management Limited was founded on December 11, 2007 and is based in Dublin, Ireland. KBC Fund Management Limited operates as a subsidiary of KBC Asset Management NV.


Joshua Dawson HouseDawson StreetDublin,  2IrelandFounded in 2007



Fax: 353 1 514 8702

www.kbcfm.com







Key Executives for KBC Fund Management Limited




Mr. Koenraad Van de Borne


      	General Manager and Director
      








 Pieter Siebens


      	Company Secretary
      








Mr. Aidan Cronin CFA


      	Executive Director and Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

KBC Fund Management Limited Key Developments

KBC Fund Management Limited Presents at 10th Annual Global Covered Bonds Conference, Apr-04-2017 03:30 PM
Mar 7 17
KBC Fund Management Limited Presents at 10th Annual Global Covered Bonds Conference, Apr-04-2017 03:30 PM. Venue: London Hilton on Park Lane, 22 Park Lane, London, W1K 1BE, United Kingdom. Speakers: Rosemary Kelly, Senior Portfolio Manager, Structured Funds Team.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 AIO III Finance (Ireland) Limited Europe Andalusian Global Limited Europe Aries Capital Limited Europe Beary Capital Partners Europe Boost Issuer Public Limited Company Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KBC Fund Management Limited, please visit www.kbcfm.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































KBC Aldini Capital Limited





















Disclaimer
KBC Aldini Capital Limited warns its esteemed clientele of a suspected phishing scam which appears to be targeting its clients through the un authorized web domain of www.kbcaldini.com.
Such sites are designed to mimic authentic bank websites so as to lure the visitor in thinking that he/she is actually logged on to the firm genuine site. The firm wishes to remind its clients that it will never request login credentials, PINs or credit card details through email, telephone or other means of communication. Clients should always be vigilant against such scams that seek to lure them into surrendering such information to a third party and should be careful not to follow links directly from emails but to type the Institution's url (http://www.kbc-aldini.com)directly on their web browser when they wish to visit the KBC Aldini Capital Limited website. Client must confirm the firm contact details on DFSA website before establishing any relationship with the Firm.
For more information, customers may also contact KBC Aldini Capital Limited CEO on +971 (0) 43252999 or alternatively by email on admin@kbc-aldini.com
For any further clarifications feel free to call us.
Close






 

















Welcome to KBC Aldini
Innovative Investment Ideas
about us







Our Services
Investment Banking - Fund Management - Certificates - 4
Services







Clients
Healthcare - Education - Oil and Gas - Green Energy - Mining and Exploration - Aviation
contact us







Contact
Dubai
contact us







About Us







KBC Aldini Capital Ltd
KBC Aldini Capital Ltd is a diversified, multi-line investment institution, licensed and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA) and headquartered in Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC) and operates out of office in Dubai.
KBC Aldini focuses on the identification and realization of emerging business opportunities worldwide in Asset Management, Fund Management, Investment Banking, Corporate Advisory, Debt Restructuring, Mergers and Acquisition.
KBC Aldini Capital Ltd . is registered as a Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) with SEBI in India.  It also provides Bonds listing.



Our area of expertise is in the following sectors





Healthcare




Education




Oil & Gas




Green Energy




Mining




Aviation










Teamwork makes the dream work







Our Vision
The vision of KBC Aldini vision is to be recognized as a leading investment company and providing a platform of world-class investment practices through an active approach by its experienced management team.





Our Mission
Our goal is to bring you the right innovative investment ideas in meeting the complex challenges of today's individual & business financial needs all at one step from Asia to Europe.





Our Values
Committed to operating with the best standards and practices, maintaining excellence through respect, integrity, and transparency in all aspects of our operations. KBC Aldini foster a creative, dynamic and entrepreneurial culture allowing us to deliver new solutions for our clients and keeping the interests of clients and investors ahead of those of the company and employees are encouraged to always go 'the extra mile' to help realize their goals.










People Behind




                The core leadership and oversight team of KBC Aldini Capital consists of our Board of Directors with collective experience of 60 years. Board of directors consist of three Directors who have proven financial and business background and experience. Each of our Directors has been vetted and approved by the DFSA and is authorized as Licensed Directors by the DFSA.
            









                                Mr. Kalani has over 20 years’ experience in financial services in the emerging Markets. He is the Founder and Managing Director of KBC Group of Companies in United Arab Emirates. Currently he is the CEO of KBC – Aldini Capital Limited, Regulated by DFSA in Dubai. Mr. Kalani has been an Investment Banker for over 20 years and is a seasoned professional with considerable experience in International Trade Finance and structuring. Mr. Kalani built an extensive network of investors and clients during his distinguished banking career over the past decade. He raised more than US$400M for Indian Sovereign Bonds in 2000.
                            
Kalani M Lal - CEO











                                Mr Kashif is an Independent Director with KBC. He has over 17 years’ experience of working in the Middle East. Prior to KBC, Kashif was Managing Director at Essdar Capital Ltd. He has also worked as Vice-President at ENSEC as part of the Structuring & Underwriting Team which pioneered commercial and residential real estate and consumer receivables securitizations for Middle East entities, Shari’ah-compliant and conventional.
He also worked with Big Four assurance and advisory firms in various capacities for their assurance, valuations, corporate finance, risk management and financial consultancy service lines.
Kashif is a Fellow Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan.
                            

                                Syed Kashif Hussain - Executive Director
                            










                                Bharath N Murthy is an independent director with KBC. An incisive Investment Banking and Financial Services professional with over 30 years experience with focused consulting experience of over 15 years for the Corporate & Banking Sector professionals. A strategic planner in customized Strategies for Corporate Sector. Rendering numerous Corporate Strategic & Financial Services Consulting assignments in UAE, Middle East, Nigeria and India. Possess considerable experience, and maturity, for effective targeted goals and objectives. Murthy is a Double Post Graduate one in Economics and another in Financial Portfolio Management. He also holds a Degree in Law.
                            

                                Mr. Bharath N Murthy
                            












Our Services




Fund Management



Asset Management



Corporate Finance



Advisory Services



FPI Services










Fund Management - Proposed KBC Fund

KBC Aldini will act as the Fund Manager to a proposed DIFC registered and DFSA approved Fund in Dubai (UAE).

The Fund's investment objective would be to produce attractive, risk-adjusted returns for investors by providing capital to suitable Portfolio Investments. The Fund will seek to invest in opportunities that are best positioned to capitalize on the positive economic impact of forces driving Indian, European and Middle-Eastern markets.

The Fund will be investing in Alternative Investments (Distress Asset/Private Equity), Real Estate and Infrastructure. Our focus is on Power- conventional and renewable energy, Hospitality, Health & Wellness. The expected Fund size is USD 100 million.














Asset management
KBC Aldini focuses on the development and management of emerging market fund and portfolios for institutional clients, family offices and high net-worth individuals.
We have a strong track record in generating excellent risk-adjusted returns in emerging markets and our products are uniquely structured to maximize value and benefits to the clients.
For its robust tie-ups with both International and Local Banks, KBC provides best possible solutions for its clients, by managing their assets, and advising on unique financial products, keeping in mind that every person and his or her requirement, are unique.












Corporate Finance
We provided financial advice and insights to every stage of a transaction, from consideration of the strategic options to transaction execution, including acquisition, divestments, restructuring, or any other complicated structured finance.
Product & Services

Listing of (GDR) Global Depository Receipts at NASDAQ Dubai.
Foreign Currency Convertible Bond issuance(FCCB)
Arranging Qualified Institutional Placement in equities for potential clients in prospective Indian companies
Advising and arranging FDI in Indian Capital Markets to clients


Capital Raising
We assist our clients' debt and capital raising requirements through

Reviewing the optimum capital structure
Detailed financial modelling and credit assessment
Fundraising preparation i.e. marketing material
Identification of potential lenders and investors
Preparation and execution of marketing road show
Coordination with the client's legal advisers to ensure successful completion













Advisory Services

Mergers & Acquisition:
                                            We are one of the leading firms in the M&A advice, including sell-side advice, cross-border M&A, and complicated merger transactions. Our clients are located across the globe and include businesses, private investors, government agencies, private individuals and families. We provide advice on a full range of transactions, including mergers, sales, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, joint ventures, spin-offs, divestitures and other restructurings.
                                        
                                        
Green Energy Advisory:
                                            Our Green Energy advisory team has expertise in the area of Solar power (both off grid and on grid), Hydro power, Waste –to-energy, Biogas, and Wind energy projects. The team is advising on multiple such projects to the clients and the projects based in Asia.
                                        
                                        
Investment Advisory:
                                            KBC Aldini is regulated by DFSA and is a category 3C licensed company operative in DIFC, Dubai. The company extends its investment advisory to the clients based in UAE. The company has tie-ups with almost all the local and multinational banks operative in UAE, and it extends the tailor made solutions to the clients.
                                        
                                    











FPI Services
KBC Aldini Capital Ltd. is registered as a Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) in India. KBC Aldini Capital Limited holds a fully fledged FPI License regulated by SEBI, India for all FII & FDI investment transactions. KBC was founded by the professionals with decades of experience in Investment Banking and Fund Management. KBC Aldini is a FPI for a FSC Mauritius regulated fund for India centric Investment.
We advise and assist corporate clients with regards to prescribed norms and regulations that are laid down by SEBI / RBI that needs to be fulfilled for being able to undertake activities as Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI).















So You Like What You See?
contact us








Current Transactions


Product Finance


Waste Energy Projects
India
USD 50 Million





Solar off grid project
India.
USD 50 Million






Corporate Finance


Trading Finance Facilities
India
USD 15 Million





Trading Finance Facilities
UAE
USD 40 Million






Term Loan


Term Loan - Educational Sector
India
USD 15 Million






Track Record


Structured Finance


Securization of Receivables
UK
USD 200 Million




Petrochemical Asia ( Debt + Equity)

A leading petrochemical manufacturer in Philippines
Philippines
USD 100 Million






Bond Issuance







Sintex Industries

Leading manufacturer of composite plastics
India
USD 225 Million




Rajesh Exports

World's lowest cost manufacturer of gold jewelery, with the capacity of 250 tons pa
India
USD 150 Million















     
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
                 
            










Dubai
KBC Aldini Capital Limited
416 Liberty House, DIFC
Sheikh Zayed Road,
P O Box 43832
Dubai, UAE
SWIFT CODE - KBCKAEAD



Online:
P: +971 (0) 43252999
F: +971 (0) 43252988
E-Mail: Info@kbc-aldini.com
Websites: www.kbc-aldini.com



Disclaimer
KBC Aldini Capital Limited warns its esteemed clientele of a suspected phishing scam which appears to be targeting its clients through the un authorized web domain of www.kbcaldini.com.
Such sites are designed to mimic authentic bank websites so as to lure the visitor in thinking that he/she is actually logged on to the Firm genuine site. The firm wishes to remind its clients that it will never request login credentials, PINs or credit card details through email, telephone or other means of communication. Clients should always be vigilant against such scams that seek to lure them into surrendering such information to a third party and should be careful not to follow links directly from emails but to type the Institution's url (http://www.kbc-aldini.com)directly on their web browser when they wish to visit the KBC Aldini Capital Limited website. Client must confirm the firm contact details on DFSA website before establishing any relationship with the Firm.
For more information, customers may also contact KBC Aldini Capital Limited CEO on +971 (0) 43252999 or alternatively by email on admin@kbc-aldini.com
For any further clarifications feel free to call us.






















©2016 KBC Aldini. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 



























KBC Fund Management Ltd/Ireland: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























kbc fund management ltd/ireland
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
KBC Fund Management Limited of Ireland operates as an asset management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. KBC Fund Management serves customers in Ireland.




Corporate Information
Address:

Sandwith Street
Dublin 2
Ireland


Phone:
-


Fax:
353-1-514-8702


Web url:
www.kbcfm.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
























Employer not found






















































IrishJobs.ie








Cancel
 





Where?
All Locations
Dublin
------------
Antrim
Armagh
Belfast
Carlow
Cavan
Clare
Cork
Derry
Donegal
Down
Dublin
Fermanagh
Galway
Kerry
Kildare
Kilkenny
Laois
Leitrim
Limerick
Longford
Louth
Mayo
Meath
Monaghan
Offaly
Roscommon
Sligo
Tipperary
Tyrone
Waterford
Westmeath
Wexford
Wicklow
[-- General Search --]
All Locations
International
Nationwide
Working from Home
Connacht
Leinster
Midlands
Munster
Ulster

In All Categories
Accountancy & Finance
Banking, Financial services & Insurance
Beauty,Hair Care,Leisure & Sport
Construction, Architecture & Property
Customer Service, Call Centres & Languages
Education, Childcare & Training
Engineering & Utilities
Environmental, Health & Safety
Executive
Graduate
Hotel & Catering
HR & Recruitment
IT
Legal
Marketing
Medical Professionals & Healthcare
Production, Manufacturing & Materials
Public Sector
Publishing, Media & Creative Arts
Retailing, Wholesaling & Purchasing
Sales
Science, Pharmaceutical & Food
Secretarial & Admin
Security, Trades & General Services
Social & Not for Profit
Telecoms
Tourism, Travel & Airlines
Transport, Warehousing & Motor



Employer

Agency















Company Profile
Jobs (0)




KBC Asset Management Ltd
 


KBC Asset Management Ltd, Dublin (KBCAM) is a leading provider of innovative investment management products for Irish and international pension funds, charities and corporates. 

 
KBCAM is part of the wider asset management division of KBC Group with offices in 10 countries including Brussels, Dublin, Luxembourg, Prague, Shanghai, London and New York with an aggregate of EUR174.6bn* in assets under management.

    
We believe that successful long term investment strategies are based on diversification, innovation and specialisation. We believe investors, particularly pension funds, need to properly diversify, not just across asset classes but also across investment strategies to generate consistent investment performance with less risk. To meet these needs KBCAM is committed to:  





Offering differentiated and innovative products


Employing specialist investment teams



We provide different investment products aimed at exploiting different types of inefficiencies across markets and sensitive to different factors and events.



Eco Equity Strategies 



-	Alternative Energy


-	Water


-	Climate Change


-	Agribusiness




Dividend Plus Equities




The KBC Innovator Fund




LDI Investment Strategies 




European Property Opportunities  




The Asian Infrastructure Fund  




*All data as at 31st December 2007. 


This recruiter has no active jobs
Click here to run a new search










Email me jobs from KBC Asset Management Ltd






Please enter your email address


















               We use cookies to customise our website for you, giving you the best possible user experience. If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive this personalisation. Find out more about our  cookie policy 

Accept & Close

























About us | KBC Asset Management





















Jump to navigation









Menu



Link to our YouTube page
Subscribe for news alerts



NL
FR
EN








 

About us


?

    Too many difficult words?Click this question mark to display their definitions.  


The help function has now been activatedThe accented words contain a definition. Click the words to see them, or check out our financial dictionary.Deactivate the help function?Close this text balloon and click on the question mark again at the top of the screen.
x

Search





Enter the terms you wish to search for. *
Search 


Enter the terms you wish to search for. 
WebsiteFundsStocks



Website
Funds
Stocks








X








      KBC Asset Management in focus    


 






Part of the KBC group NV


We’re ready for the future. Our aim is to become the reference as a sustainable bank-insurer in each of our core markets. That means focusing on the following elements:

Putting our clients first
Carefully conceived and strictly controlled risk management
Sustainable results
Transparent communication

All this is covered, clearly and concisely, in the Report to Society. Browse the latest report on the corporate website of the KBC Group NV. (pdf) 





Annual Report KBC Asset Management


 








      Our structure    

As fund manager, KBC Asset Management NV has its registered office in Brussels.
Through subsidiaries operating in Luxembourg (KBC Asset Management SA) and Ireland (KBC Fund Management Ltd.) as specialised asset management competence centres, KBC Asset Management NV has an important presence in major European financial markets. The company also runs the KBC Asset Management NV Ireland Branch in Dublin, Ireland.
KBC Asset Management NV developed its second core market in Central Europe through asset management companies in Poland (KBC Towarzystwo Funduszy Inwestycyjnych), the Czech Republic (ČSOB Asset Management, a.s., investiční společnost) and Hungary (K&H Alapkezelő Zrt.). It also has a branch office in Slovakia (KBC Asset Management NV pobočka zahraničnej správcovskej spoločnosti).
All these entities are active in their local markets and provide research and management services for local investment products. They support the strategic development of the KBC group in Central European markets.







      Guidelines and procedures    

The European Parliament approved the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (MiFID) in 2004. MiFID, which came into effect on 1 November 2007, aims to harmonise financial market regulations within the European Union and to offer a better level of protection and transparency to investors.
To achieve this goal, MiFID sets out a number of requirements, including:

Comprehensive information requirements with regard to clients, including information on the nature and risks of financial instruments and information on the costs and charges of investment services
Requirement to categorise clients into private (retail) and professional clients
Requirement to subject clients to a suitability test
Requirement to implement a policy on conflicts of interest
Requirement to implement a policy on order execution rules
Requirement to implement a policy on optimum execution

On this page, you will find the different procedures that KBC Asset Management, as fund manager, has approved and implemented to ensure a better level of protection and transparency for its clients.






General terms and conditions of KBC Asset Management NV


The contractual relationship between KBC Asset Management NV and its clients is governed by these general terms and conditions.
Archive 

 





Investment instruments: strengths and weaknesses


This brochure contains an overview of the different investment instruments, along with a summary of their key features and the pros and cons of investing in each of them. You can use this information when weighing up risks and making your selection. 

 





Policy on optimum execution and processing of client orders


KBC Asset Management takes all reasonable measures to achieve the best possible result when orders are executed and processes these orders promptly and accurately. You can read the details of this order execution and processing here. 

 





Code of conduct for conflicts of interest


Conflicts of interest can exist or arise within management companies. KBC Asset Management has approved a code of conduct for conflicts of interest in order to detect, solve and monitor any such conflicts. The purpose of the procedure is to safeguard your interests as client. 

 





Fraud policy


This policy contains information on how KBC Asset Management deals with fraud or attempted fraud. 

 





Procedure for the protection of whistleblowers


Employees of KBC Asset Management are obliged to report any suspicion they might have of fraud or gross negligence. This procedure means they can do so without fear of sanctions. 

 














Remuneration Policy


This report contains information on how KBC Asset Management group entities organize their remuneration policy. 

 





     





     



















 

	Careers at KBC Bank Ireland - KBC - The Bank of You






























































Important Information with regard to cookies on KBC.ie
This website uses cookies to help you browse through our site more efficiently. Some cookies are strictly necessary for the functioning of the website, while other cookies allow KBC to enhance the websites performance or provide focussed online advertising. To find out more about cookies, please refer to our Privacy Statement. Please note that if you continue to use our website, you accept the use of cookies.
I agree








Search for:


















1 800 93 92 44
 
Online Banking login

Personal Login















Menu








Hello. It looks like you’re using an old version of Internet Explorer. Just to let you know, from early 2017, you won’t be able to access kbc.ie on this browser. We suggest you update it to the latest version or else use a different browser.
Close Alert











Home

Career Opportunities  Current Opportunities  KBC Fund Management







KBC Fund Management


Below are a list of KBC Fund Management roles currently available at KBC.
 
 

 
Portfolio Manager
Portfolio Manager




Back to top
Share















Back to top
Share











Call us
Call us now or alternatively, you can drop us an email.


Your KBC Hub
Make an appointment with one of our hubs.




KBC Live Chat is here to help you with your queries. 


Talk to us
We're also on Facebook, Twitter and Boards.ie to answer your questions.





























KBC Fund Management



























Archipel Fund Plc.

KBC Fund Management Ltd. is asset manager for Archipel Fund Plc. The last information about the Net Asset Value (NAV) can be found here.
You can find the Key Investor Information documents and prospectuses for our Archipel Funds here.





The MiFID regulations

The MiFID regulations (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive) aims at the regulation of financial markets in the European Union to harmonize and improve transparency and investor protection. To this end, KBC Fund Management has implemented various procedures. Read more











						To make a complaint, please address it to: Complaints Officer, KBC Fund Management Ltd., Sandwith Street, Dublin 2, D02 X489, Ireland. Fax: +353 1 514 8702. You can email your complaint to kbcfm.complaints@kbcfm.com. An acknowledgement will be sent within 5 working days upon receipt of your complaint. Within 30 days, KBC Fund Management Ltd. will respond to your complaint.
					








Remuneration Policy
The Compensation Report 2016 contains a summary of the remuneration policy of KBC Fund Management Limited.








KBC Fund Management Limited is regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland, and is registered in the Republic of Ireland, No:450585. Registered offices: Sandwith Street, Dublin 2, D02 X489, Ireland.





Legal Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | KBC Fund Management Ltd. is a proud member of the KBC Group, and a daughter company of KBC Asset Management.Copyright Š 2012 KBC Fund Management Limited. All rights reserved. 






KBC Fund Management




























					Key Investor Information Document
				



Subfund name
ISIN code






Archipel Portfolio Pro August 95
IE00B3MRC924
EN
CS
SK
 


Archipel Portfolio Pro February 95
IE00B4B0Q867
EN
CS
SK
 


Archipel Portfolio Pro May 90
IE00B529VP14
EN
CS
SK
 


Archipel Portfolio Pro November 90
IE00B3ZKSQ75
EN
CS
SK
 












					Prospectus and Supplements
				



Subfund name
ISIN code




Archipel Portfolio Pro August 95
IE00B3MRC924
Prospectus
Supplement


Archipel Portfolio Pro February 95
IE00B4B0Q867
Prospectus
Supplement


Archipel Portfolio Pro May 90
IE00B529VP14
Prospectus
Supplement


Archipel Portfolio Pro November 90
IE00B3ZKSQ75
Prospectus
Supplement








	Click on the following links to download the Memorandum and Articles of Association, the annual report and the semi annual report for our Archipel Funds.







						The information on this website does not constitute an offer for products or services, or a solicitation of an offer to any persons who are prohibited from receiving such information under laws applicable to their place of citizenship, domicile or residence. The information on this website cannot be regarded as investment advice or an investment recommendation and we strongly recommend that you seek advice from an appropriately qualified professional prior to entering into any product or service with us or relying on any information on this website. Copyright Š
2012 KBC Fund Management Limited. All rights reserved.
					






Legal Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | KBC Fund Management Ltd. is a proud member of the KBC Group, and a daughter company of KBC Asset Management.Copyright Š 2012 KBC Fund Management Limited. All rights reserved. 










Products and services | KBC Asset Management






















Jump to navigation









Menu



Link to our YouTube page
Subscribe for news alerts



NL
FR
EN








 

Products and services


?

    Too many difficult words?Click this question mark to display their definitions.  


The help function has now been activatedThe accented words contain a definition. Click the words to see them, or check out our financial dictionary.Deactivate the help function?Close this text balloon and click on the question mark again at the top of the screen.
x

Search





Enter the terms you wish to search for. *
Search 


Enter the terms you wish to search for. 
WebsiteFundsStocks



Website
Funds
Stocks








X














Investment funds and unit-linked insurances(1) (2)


A product proposal that's in line with your investor profile and your risk tolerance. Whatever the reason, you find the right solution in the offering promoted by KBC and managed by KBC Asset Management.
.. or try the different search criteria. 

Fund finder 





Services


Looking for a second opinion? Or like to have a specialist take over management of your portfolio? As promoter, KBC offers a range of services for you to choose from. 





Shares


Want to include shares in your portfolio as well as investment funds?
The Share Finder lets you access some 240 share fact sheets, which perfectly sum up our thinking on a particular company. 

Share finder 








      Our offering of investment funds and unit-linked insurances    

Most popular investments






Regular investments, from as little as 25 euros a month


You can start investing for as little as 25 euros. An investment plan lets you gradually build up a possible capital sum. You can set up a plan for yourself, but also for your children or grandchildren. Discover the benefits. 





New investment products


Besides products you can buy at any time, KBC provides each month, as a promoter, a range of new investment funds and unit-linked insurances you can buy during the launch period.
Discover the newest products managed by KBC Asset Management. 





SRI funds


 

If you’re environmentally aware and you care about society and your fellow citizens, you’ve come to the right place. We’ve got investments for you that explicitly promote sustainable values. 





Investments in the spotlight from the Investment Strategy


The financial markets ebb and flow constantly. That can create attractive investment opportunities for the well informed. We’re happy to share our thinking with you. Not only that, we offer tailored investments for the themes we believe in most strongly. 





Investments for each stage of your life


The birth of a child or grandchild, retirement, passing assets on to the next generation: these are landmarks not only in your life, but also in your finances. Take a look at how investment funds or unit-linked insurances, promoted by KBC and managed by KBC Asset Management, can help you with them. 





Finding your way around our offering


 

The investment funds and unit-linked insurances we manage, break down into four groups: those with capital protection, those with a floor-monitoring mechanism and traditional products. Check out our offering.
Read our brochures too. 








      KBC Asset Management gives you a vote    

How do we use the voting rights of shares in which KBC Asset Management's investment products invest? These voting rights can be exercised at companies' general meetings of shareholders. KBC Asset Management has embraced its responsibility in this regard and has drawn up guidelines for exercising these voting rights in the interests of investors. Read the Guidelines. (pdf)







      Services    


 
Fund management
As soon as you invest in an investment fund or a unit linked insurance, you automatically begin to benefit from professional fund management. It’s a basic service for everyone investing in our products.






Wealth management advice


You have an investment portfolio and you want to hear the advice of investment specialists. But you prefer to decide for yourself which investments to buy or sell. In this case, the extra service KBC Wealth Management Advice offers could be just what you’re looking for. 





Discretionary management


The KBC Managed Portfolios service takes it a step further. In this case, you leave all the buying and selling decisions within your investment portfolio to our KBC investment experts. 





Brochures & publications


Make sure to take a look at our brochures and publications. 








      Share recommendations for individual shares    

Even seasoned investors sometimes find it difficult to know exactly which shares are the best to invest in at any particular time. This is where KBC can help.

Stock news



 Change of recommendation for Hewlett Packard: from 'hold' to 'buy' 
 29-06-2017 
 Most recent quarterly results show an improvement 
 Read more  

 Change of recommendation for Crédit Suisse from hold to buy 
 26-06-2017 
 Crédit Suisse is focussing on Asia and international wealth management 
 Read more  

 Change of recommendation for Petrobras: from 'sell' to 'buy' 
 23-06-2017 
 The Brazilian government is giving Petrobras more room for manoeuvre 
 Read more  



    Read more  










Share recommendations


The share finder gives you access to our share fact sheets, each of which concisely summarises our position towards a company.  We provide a carefully considered recommendation for each of the shares discussed below. The product of constant interaction between our equity analysts and fund managers, each recommendation is based on fundamental analysis and backed up by scientific models.

General guidelines for share recommendations 
	including what the recommendations mean
Record of recommendations that have been changed over the past 12 months (PDF)
 

Share finder 








Back to Home > Products and Services.


















