










 







KC Aggregates Group LLC - Other Real Estate- Ornstein  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









KC Aggregates Group LLC

      Industry: Other Real Estate
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    9154 Eastchase Parkway #302  
    Montgomery, AL, 36117Phone: 205-609-8836 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-28


New


$4,084,450


$4,084,450


Equity Only


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Ornstein 
 Executive 


 Frank Schuler 
 Executive 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















KANSAS CITY AGGREGATE LLC Dallas TX, 75219 - Cortera Company Profile
















cortera. business directory



Create
								Account
Login
Developers





Search Cortera for a Business









State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Puerto Rico
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming














Home
Business
							Directory
Kansas City Aggregate LLC
Cortera Support: 866-589-0664







Kansas City Aggregate LLC



3811 Turtle Creek Blvd

Dallas,
							
							
							 TX
							
							
							 75219-4693
							
							 |  view map



						Looking for more information? Sign
							up for FREE!







Company Overview

KANSAS CITY AGGREGATE LLC in Dallas, TX.  













Company Details

Location Type:
						Single Location
					

Ownership: Private
						
					

Year Founded:
						2012
					


     
    
   
  

						Have fresher information?  Update
















Latest Company News







READ ALL COMPANY NEWS IN THE
									COMPLETE COMPANY CREDIT REPORT







Recent Company Alerts

Credit Risk Increase
No


Overall Payments
No


Peer Payments
No


Public Records

Yes



Financial News
No












								Alerts on more than 5,000 companies today,
								including:
							

Mitchell Industrial Contractors Inc


Barnes & Noble


Walbro


Hammer & CO


Ideal Construction CO


Southern Cleaning Service Inc


RAM Enterprises Inc


TRI State Metal Works


University of Alaska Fairbanks


A 1 Raidator Service








Community Payment Ratings
















								LATEST COMMUNITY REVIEWS OF THIS COMPANY
								
							

Cortera is much more than an awesome business
									directory! It's an active community where real business people
									share the real deal on real businesses.

It's invaluable intel
										that's now available for FREE.



Get the inside scoop with ratings and reviews on Kansas City Aggregate LLC
Rate Kansas City Aggregate LLC on their
										payment behavior
									
Ask your network about Kansas City Aggregate LLC
										with Cortera Circles
									


Join
										the Cortera Community for free today.
								








The information contained in this company profile is compiled from third party sources, including but not limited to public records, user submissions, and other commercially available data sources. These sources may not be accurate, complete, or up-to-date. 
Cortera makes no representations or warranties regarding, and assumes no responsibility for, the accuracy, completeness, or currency of the information contained herein. 
Cortera products are enabled by SOFIE™, our proprietary technology platform for rapid data processing, robust analytics and flexible data access.











© 2017 Cortera, Inc. All rights reserved.

Sitemap





Cortera Support: 866-589-0664 |
How Does it Work? |
Who
					Do We Help? |
Company Profiles |
Community
				|
Media
				|
About






Today's
					Hot Company Profiles

VOLUME REVERSAL SURVEY
VOGT JAMES B MD
VORA SHAILESH C MD
VOLATUS MAXIMUS LLC
VOORHEES ARIZONA TASTE INC
VOLTAIRE
W & B TRUCKING INC
VOLUNTEERS OF AMERICA INC
VUDEN INC
VOGUE

More
							Today's Hot Companies »



Recently
					Updated Companies

YADIN CO INC
ARKANSAS APPLIANCE & AIR CONDITIONING INC
CKC CONSTRUCTION & MATERIALS LLC
FACTOR SALES INC
TRAX TECHNOLOGIES INC
INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL SUPPLY INC
ORGANIZED SPACES LLC
KNUD NIELSEN CO INC
TOWN OF SNEAD TOWN HALL
SANDERS PLUMBING & ELECTRIC

More
								Recently Updated Companies »



Recently
					Rated Company Profiles

SLT EXPRESS WAY INC
MD THOMAS CONSTRUCTION LLC
AZURADISC
GLOBAL MERCHANDISING INC
PANALPINA INC
JR BALL CONTRACTING GROUP INC
LAW OFFICES OF SUSAN M SCHAUF
SUNSTAR HEATING & AIRE
IDEAL TRUE VALUE INC
STINGER WELDING INC

More
								Recently Rated Companies »



Industry Directory




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





 
  
 

 

  

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Search Aggregates Jobs, Careers in Kansas City, MO | Indeed.com




Skip to Job Postings, SearchClose






Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job







Upload your resume


Sign in







:







What
Where





Advanced Job Search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip



















Aggregates jobs in Kansas City, MO


Filter results by:
Sort by: relevance -
date

Distance:

Exact location only
within 5 miles
within 10 miles
within 15 miles
within 25 miles
within 50 miles
within 100 miles





Salary Estimate




$25,000+ (41)

$30,000+ (37)

$40,000+ (24)

$50,000+ (17)

$85,000+ (9)






Job Type




Full-time (48)

Part-time (3)

Contract (1)






Location




Kansas City, MO (21)

Overland Park, KS (8)

Lenexa, KS (4)

Olathe, KS (3)

Kansas City, KS (3)

Randolph, MO (2)

Greenwood, MO (2)

Parkville, MO (2)

Shawnee, KS (2)

Shawnee Mission, KS (1)

De Soto, KS (1)

Leavenworth, KS (1)
Aggregates jobs nationwide

more »




Company




Martin Marietta Materials (11)

Hilton President Hotel (5)

CRH-Oldcastle (4)

Cerner Corporation (2)

Federal Aviation Administration (2)

Clinical Reference Laboratory (2)

Alere (2)

Shawnee Mission Medical Center (1)

Amsted Industries (1)

T3 recruiters,Inc (1)

Terracon (1)

CommunityAmerica Credit Union (1)

ICF (1)

U.S. Bank (1)

Ash Grove (1)

more »




Experience Level




Entry Level (27)

Mid Level (12)

Senior Level (3)










Jobs 1 to 10 of 50

 Upload your resume - Let employers find you








Quality Control Technician I



Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC / Quicksilver Readymix LLC

 - Kansas City, MO

$17 an hour


Position Summary:  The primary objective of this position is to communicate test results with the Quality Control team to ensure physical properties of the



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Reliability Engineer




Johnson Service Group Inc.

 - 

34 reviews
 - Overland Park, KS 66210


An industry leader with over 100 years of success in mining and aggregates is continuing to grow and is looking to bring on a Reliability Engineer ....



 Easily apply


Sponsored - save job








Registered Nurse (RN) Navigator - Complex GI and Thoracic On...




Research Medical Center

 - 

61 reviews
 - Kansas City, MO


On an aggregate level, the Nurse Navigator will track performance of the program in line with the HCA Midwest Health System and facility goals (growth, quality,...



Sponsored by HCA Inc - save job









Clinical Terminologist




Cerner Corporation


 - 

629 reviews
 - Kansas City, MO





Map and aggregate clinical data to be utilized within Cerner solutions. Draw on clinical knowledge to map and group data across multiple standard terminologies...


5 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Cerner Corporation jobs in Kansas City, MO - Kansas City jobsLearn more about working at Cerner CorporationCerner Corporation questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:When you apply, how long does it typically take to hear back from HR?How did you feel about telling people you worked at Cerner Corp?Related forums: Kansas City, Missouri - Cerner Corporation










Data Visualization Specialist




Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City


 - 

9 reviews
 - Kansas City, MO 64108 (Crown Center area)





Uses a variety of ETL tools to cleanse, prepare, and aggregate data from disparate systems.• Researches market/industry practices and share/train his/her...


19 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City jobs in Kansas City, MO - Kansas City jobsSalary Search: Data Specialist salaries in Kansas City, MOLearn more about working at Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas CityRelated forums: Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City - Kansas City, Missouri










Quality and Outcomes Coordinator




Olathe Health


 - 

5 reviews
 - Olathe, KS





Collects, aggregates, analyzes, and summarizes quality and outcome data for the purposes of internal and national reporting requirements, medical staff peer...


28 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Olathe Health jobs in Olathe, KS - Olathe jobsSalary Search: Outcomes Manager salaries in Olathe, KSLearn more about working at Olathe HealthRelated forums: Olathe, Kansas - Olathe Health










Loader Operator




Martin Marietta Materials


 - 

68 reviews
 - Parkville, MO





A leading supplier of aggregates and heavy building materials, dedicated teams at Martin Marietta supply the resources for the roads, sidewalks and foundations...


15 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Martin Marietta Materials jobs in Parkville, MO - Parkville jobsSalary Search: Loader Operator salaries in Parkville, MOLearn more about working at Martin Marietta MaterialsMartin Marietta Materials questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How did you get your first interview at Martin Marietta Materials?If I have work for Martin Marietta in the past for over ten years. Would...Related forums: Loader Operator - Martin Marietta Materials - Parkville, Missouri










eMRO Account Representative




Alere


 - 

144 reviews
 - Kansas City, MO





Generate reports to accompany employer files and provide aggregate data for annual review. Perform various administrative functions to support federal...


15 hours ago   -  save job - more...

View all Alere jobs in Kansas City, MO - Kansas City jobsSalary Search: Account Representative salaries in Kansas City, MOLearn more about working at AlereAlere questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:On average, how many hours do you work a day?What would you suggest Alere management do to prevent others from leavin...Related forums: Kansas City, Missouri - Alere










Quarry Laborer - Olathe



CRH-Oldcastle


 - Olathe, KS 66061
 +1 location




Oldcastle Materials is the leading vertically integrated supplier of aggregates, asphalt, ready mixed concrete, bridge and paving services with 1400 locations...


Oldcastle - 20 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all CRH-Oldcastle jobs in Olathe, KS - Olathe jobsSalary Search: Laborer salaries in Olathe, KSRelated forums: Olathe, Kansas - CRH-Oldcastle










Assistant Plant Manager




Martin Marietta Materials


 - 

68 reviews
 - Greenwood, MO
 +1 location




A leading supplier of aggregates and heavy building materials, dedicated teams at Martin Marietta supply the resources for the roads, sidewalks and foundations...


9 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Martin Marietta Materials jobs in Greenwood, MO - Greenwood jobsSalary Search: Plant Manager salaries in Greenwood, MOLearn more about working at Martin Marietta MaterialsMartin Marietta Materials questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How did you get your first interview at Martin Marietta Materials?If I have work for Martin Marietta in the past for over ten years. Would...Related forums: Martin Marietta Materials - Greenwood, Missouri - Assistant Plant Manager










Ready Mix Concrete Mechanic



Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC


 - Kansas City, MO 64132 (Marlborough East area)



$21.56 an hour


Position Summary :  Perform preventive maintenance and repair of all the trucks and equipment for designated plants. Incumbent is required to have their


 Easily apply


2 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC jobs in Kansas City, MO - Kansas City jobsSalary Search: Concrete Laborer salaries in Kansas City, MORelated forums: Kansas City, Missouri - Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC










Aerospace Engineer (Airframe)




Federal Aviation Administration


 - 

606 reviews
 - Kansas City, MO



$88,966 a year


(f) nature and properties of materials (relating particle and aggregate structure to properties); Central Region, Small Airplane Directorate, Standards Office,...


10 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Federal Aviation Administration jobs in Kansas City, MO - Kansas City jobsSalary Search: Aeronautical Engineer salaries in Kansas City, MOLearn more about working at Federal Aviation AdministrationFederal Aviation Administration questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How long does it take to get hired from start to finish? What are the st...What is the sick leave policy like? How many sick days do you get per year?Related forums: Kansas City, Missouri - Department of Transportation - Aerospace Engineer










Facility Chief Engineer




U.S. Bank


 - 

3,779 reviews
 - Olathe, KS





Responsible for the planning, development, and control of large, aggregate budgets for multiple projects/departments. Facility Chief Engineer....


7 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all U.S. Bank jobs in Olathe, KS - Olathe jobsSalary Search: Facilities Engineer salaries in Olathe, KSLearn more about working at U.S. BankU.S. Bank questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:What would you suggest U.S. Bank management do to prevent others from le...What is the work environment and culture like at U.S. Bank?Related forums: Olathe, Kansas












Head Start Health Specialist, Region VII




ICF

 - 

281 reviews
 - Leavenworth, KS


Incorporate other tasks specific to health reflective of evolving national priorities as presented by the Office of Head Start, National Centers, Regional...



Sponsored - save job








Ready Mix Concrete Mechanic



Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC

 - Kansas City, MO 64132

$21.56 an hour


Position Summary :  Perform preventive maintenance and repair of all the trucks and equipment for designated plants. Incumbent is required to have their



 Easily apply


Sponsored - 2 days ago   -  save job








            Never miss a job. Get new jobs emailed to you daily.






Be the first to see new Aggregates jobs in Kansas City, MO














My email: 




Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me



You can cancel email alerts at any time.






Results Page:  1  2  3  4  5   Next »


Related Forums:
Loader Operator
 - Aerospace Engineer
 - Assistant Plant Manager

- Kansas City, Missouri



Salaries in Kansas City, MO:

Loader Operator salary
 - Aerospace Engineer salary
 - Assistant Plant Manager salary

 




Be the first to see new Aggregates jobs in Kansas City, MO














My email: 


Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me





You can cancel email alerts at any time.





Company with Aggregates jobs








Johnson Service Group Inc

A leading national human resource staffing agency and technical service company.







Jobs (3)
Reviews (34) 

Salaries (5,390)













Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories sharedJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - Work at Indeed - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms



























Martin Marietta | Aggregates & Heavy Building Materials






























































            It's not just what we make. It's what we make possible.®
        
An American-based company and a leading supplier of building materials, Martin Marietta teams supply the resources necessary for building the solid foundations on which our communities thrive. Let us play a role in your next project.
Locate a facility 





Need help calculating a materials estimate?
Go to product calculator






Focus on Safety
Beyond Compliance
A Martin Marietta Safety Audit Team is moving across the company, providing operations with safety guidance and practices that not only meet, but exceed the standards set by MSHA and OSHA. 
Learn More




In the News

jun
26


Martin Marietta Announces Acquisition of Bluegrass Materials
Martin Marietta and Bluegrass Materials Company today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Martin Marietta will acquire Bluegrass for $1.625 billion in cash. Bluegrass is the largest privately-held, pure-play aggregates company in the United States, with a portfolio of more than 125 years of strategically-located, high-quality reserves.




Featured Community Involvement


Fly High, Free Bird
It was a small amount of material, but Garwood Sand & Gravel's donation to Friends of Texas Wildlife went a long way for the state's injured birds.









            Our peoplemake us possible.


Learn More About Us 






































processing request...





	Leadership Circle - Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce















































Contact Us
News Room
Store
E-Certify
Calendar
Member Directory




     



Search for:

















Create a User Account






Welcome to KC
Cost Saving Benefits
Membership
Programs & Events
Big 5
Public Policy
The Chamber













Member Directory
Member Milestones
Ribbon Cuttings
Member Testimonials
Leadership Circle
President's Circle
Newsletter Signup
Pay An Invoice
























	Leadership Circle







Membership > Leadership Circle






                	The Chamber’s Leadership Circle is an elite group of companies that provide additional resources to the Chamber, investing a minimum of $2,710 for their membership. In return, Leadership Circle CEOs participate in a variety of activities designed especially for them.

If you’d like to join these companies in the Leadership Circle, please contact David Pruente at 816-374-5401 or email pruente@kcchamber.com.










































				 







				 

				 


















					2Point Construction

					AMC Entertainment Inc.

					AOS / Alexander Open Systems

					AT&T, Inc.

					Accenture

					Adams-Gabbert & Associates, LLC

					Advantage Metals Recycling, LLC

					Agspring

					Allied Materials & Equipment Company
					American Royal Association

					Ameritas

					Andrews McMeel Universal

					Ascend Learning

					Avila University
					Bank of Blue Valley

					Bank of Kansas City
					Bardavon Health Innovations

					Bernstein-Rein

					Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate
					BHC Rhodes

					Block & Company, Inc., Realtors

					Block Real Estate Services, LLC

					Blue Valley School District

					Brightergy

					Bushnell, Inc.

					C & C Group

					Camp Fire

					Central Exchange

					Central Plains Cement Company LLC

					Ceva Biomune

					Chase

					City of Independence, Missouri

					Community Blood Center

					Consolidated Communications

					Cooling & Herbers, P.C.

					Copaken Brooks

					Core Catalysts

					Costco Wholesale

					Crestwood Midstream Partners LP

					CrossFirst Bank
					Crux KC LLC

					Cushman & Wakefield

					Dairy Farmers of America, Inc.

					DeMarche Associates, Inc.
					Dentons

					DuraComm Corporation

					ECCO Select Corporation

					Executive Hills, Inc.

					EyeVerify
					Fairbanks Scales Inc.

					Faultless Starch/Bon Ami Company

					First National Bank

					Foley Equipment

					Ford Motor Company

					Full Employment Council, Inc.

					GBA

					George K. Baum & Company

					German May PC

					Global Prairie
					Governmenet Employee Health Association (GEHA)

					Gould Evans

					Grafton Inc.

					Grantham University
					Great Life KC

					Great Wolf Lodge

					Greater Kansas City Community Foundation

					HDR Engineering, Inc.
					Health Care Foundation of Greater Kansas City

					Helzberg Diamonds

					Heritage Biologics

					Hoefer Wysocki Architects, LLC

					Hufft Projects

					Humphrey, Farrington & McClain, P.C.

					Hunt Midwest Enterprises, Inc.

					IBM Corporation
					Infinite Energy Construction, Inc.

					InterContinental Kansas City at the Plaza
					James B. Nutter & Company

					Jefferies/Bret Wealth Management Group- UBS

					John Knox Village
					Johnson County Government

					Jones Lang LaSalle

					KCPT Public Television/Channel 19

					KSMO

					KVC Health Systems, Inc.

					Kansas City Area Development Council
					Kansas City Area Transportation Authority
					Kansas City Aviation Department



					Kansas City Board of Public Utilities
					Kansas City Marriott Downtown
					Kansas City Power & Light District

					Kansas City Public Schools

					Kansas City Repertory Theatre

					Kansas City Royals Baseball Corporation

					Kansas City Water Services Department

					Kansas State University
					KVC Health Systems, Inc.

					Labconco Corporation

					Landis+Gyr Technology, Inc.

					LaserCycle, Inc.

					Lead Bank

					Linda Hall Library of Science, Engineering & Technology

					Logan Logan & Watson,  L.C., Attorneys

					MMC Contractors

					MRIGlobal

					Mariner Holdings

					MarksNelson LLC

					Martin Pringle

					Mazuma Credit Union
					McAnany, Van Cleave & Phillips

					Microsoft Corporation

					Mid-Continent Public Library

					Missouri Bank

					Missouri Western State University

					Nabholz Construction Services

					Ogletree Deakins Nash Smoak & Stewart, P.C.

					Olathe District Schools

					Olsson Associates

					Park University

					Peterson Manufacturing Company
					Pioneer Services, A Division of MidCountry Bank

					Populous

					QuikTrip Corporation

					RF Fisher Electric Company

					RSM
					Renovate America

					Retina Associates, P.A.

					Rockhurst University
					SelectQuote Insurance Services

					Shawnee Mission School District

					Sheraton Kansas City Hotel at Crown Center

					Smithfield Foods

					Soli Printing

					Sosland Publishing

					Southwest Airlines
					Spectrum

					Spencer Fane LLP

					Sporting Kansas City

					Sprint Center
					Square One Interiors

					Staples Business Advantage

					Staples Promotional Products

					State Street

					Stowers Institute for Medical Research
					Summit and Apex on Quality Hill

					Sullivan Higdon & Sink

					Swope Community Enterprises

					TRUSS

					Talon Concrete & Aggregates LLC

					Teva Pharmaceuticals

					The Kansas City Public Library

					The National World War I Museum and Memorial

					The Raphael Hotel

					The Roasterie, Inc.

					The University of Kansas Athletics Department

					Thomas McGee, L.C.

					Thornton Tomasetti, Inc.

					Tnemec Company, Inc.

					Tradewind Energy, Inc.

					TranSystems Corporation

					Treat America Food Services

					Tshibanda & Associates, LLC

					U.S. Army Corps of Engineers--K.C. District

					U.S. Engineering Company

					Uretek ICR Missouri, Inc.

					VML, Inc.

					Van Chevrolet - Cadillac

					Veolia Energy

					Wagner Logistics

					Wallace Saunders

					Westin Kansas City Hotel at Crown Center
					WeWork
					White & Associates Real Estate Services

					White Goss, a Professional Corporation

					Willis Towers Watson

					WireCo WorldGroup
					Yotabites Consulting LLC













































Sitemap
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Photo Credits





Contact Us
News Room
Store
E-Certify
Calendar
Member Directory






     









greater kansas city chamber of commerce
	30 west pershing road • suite 301 • kansas city, mo 64108-2423
	(816) 221 - 2424





























Kansas City Aggregate LLC in Independence, MO - (816) 796-9488





























 

Enter company name












Home


Favorites


Lists


Employers by Major


Employ Veterans


Locations


Blog


Sign In





















                            The Most Advanced Company Information Database
                        





















 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Lists






 








Enter company name



Op. city,state,zip,county














 






Companies

 




Industries

 
 




Lists















Home

 




My Favorites
My Favorites





Lists





List Builder





Employers by Major





Employ Veterans





Locations





Industries





Blogs







X
You must be a subscriber!


This feature is available to paying subscribers only. 

Click here to learn about our subscription plans.
            



















Kansas City Aggregate LLC





                    (Talon Concrete & Aggregates)
                





Talon Concrete & Aggregates























Action 


Add to List
Add to Favorites
Share
































        Contact Information
    




Kansas City Aggregate LLC



16400 E Kentucky Rd
Independence, MO 64058






Contact:



Title:



Phone:


                        816-796-9488
                    



Website:

www.talonconagg.com







There are 

2
                Companies located at 16400 E Kentucky Rd, Independence, MO 64058
            












 














            Map
        





View larger map









            Business Description
        



Kansas City Aggregate, which also operates under the name Talon Concrete & Aggregates, is located in Independence, Missouri. This organization primarily operates in the Concrete and Cinder Building Products business / industry within the Wholesale Trade - Durable Goods sector. Kansas City Aggregate employs approximately 6 people at this branch location.









Sector:

Wholesale Trade - Durable Goods



Category:

Brick, Stone, and Related Material



Industry:

Concrete and Cinder Building Products




SIC Code:

5032











Name:
Kansas City Aggregate LLC


Year Founded:


N/A






Location Type:
Branch


Revenue:

N/A



Employees:

6



Facility Size:

N/A



* Revenue & Employees are estimates









Demographics for Zipcode 64058






Percentage Population



6,260
White
310
Hispanic
195
Black
77
Asian
105
Native American
127
Hawaiian
116
Other


94.0 %
White
4.7 %
Hispanic
2.9 %
Black
1.2 %
Asian
1.6 %
Native American
1.9 %
Hawaiian
1.7 %
Other













Population




Population 
6,659




Female49.6%3,302


Male50.4%3,357




Median Age

37.0




Female38.6


Male35.3






























Questions & Answers









How big is Kansas City Aggregate?





Kansas City Aggregate employs approximately 6 people at this location.







What is the internet address for Kansas City Aggregate?





The website (URL) for Kansas City Aggregate is www.talonconagg.com.







What is the phone number for Kansas City Aggregate?





The phone number for Kansas City Aggregate is (816) 796-9488









Is there a key contact at Kansas City Aggregate?





You can contact Kansas City Aggregate at (816) 796-9488







How many people work at Kansas City Aggregate?





Kansas City Aggregate has approximately 6 employees at this location.







Where is Kansas City Aggregate located?





Kansas City Aggregate is located at 16400 E Kentucky Rd, Independence, MO 64058.







Are there other companies located at 16400 E Kentucky Rd, Independence, MO?





There are 2 commercial tenants at 16400 E Kentucky Rd, Independence, MO.










 

































Generate 
More Revenue 
with 
Buzzfile 











Uncover and contact more high-value prospects in less time than with any other resource





Information on 18 million companies, 50 million contacts, 6 million buildings & 18,000 industries





Complete list of businesses in any building





Advanced search, filtering and list-building





































Nearby Resources









                        Restaurant
                    




                        Coffee
                    




                        Parking
                    






                        Hotel
                    




                        Taxi
                    




                        Pharmacy
                    






                        Bank
                    




                        Gas
                    




                        Grocery
                    


















Statistics for Zipcode 64058






Average House Value


                                $ 130,700
                            



Average Household Income


                                $ 62,857
                            



Number of Households

2,305



Persons per Household

2.84













Number of Businesses

235



Number of Employees

839



Land Area (square miles)

35.236



Water Area (square miles)

1.940



















×
Save as List






List Name





Classification

General Interest
Personal
Prospect
Trade / Industry




List Type

Companies
Places
Contacts




Description





Upload Image




X



Who can access this list?



Public - Everyone can view and edit (appears in search results)





Pre-approve members with following email domain(s):

Domains





Add







Remove





Can members edit this list?



                                    Yes
                                




                                    No
                                




                                        I will decide for each user / group
                                    



Username





Add








Remove












                                                Location
                                            







                                                    This list covers companies throughout the entire U.S.
                                                




                                                    This list covers a specific geographic area (you can select more than one state, city…)
                                                


City






County






State






Zipcode





Area Code





Add





Type
Criteria







Remove











                                                Sector, Category & Industry
                                            





                                                Control the types of companies that can be added to this list.
                                            

Sector

 



Category

 



Industry

 



SIC Code

 



Add





Type
Criteria







Remove



























Add to List






Add to Existing List












Create a new list



Cancel
Save
















×
Sign In




Not a member? Register Now 




Username





Password











                                        Remember me
                                    


Forgot Password?

















×
Subscriber Not Found




Not a subscriber? Contact Buzzfile Now.



                        We could not locate a subscriber with that email or username.
                        Try signing in with a different username or email, or Telecom support at [email protected] or 212-913-9151.
                    




Username





Password





















Remove Company Confirmation



I confirm that I, , with email address  am an owner, employee or representative, with authorization to approve the removal of the profile for:




I authorize Buzzfile to release my contact and other pertinent information to the necessary parties should this removal be contested.
I am requesting to remove this company profile.


Dear , 
Your request to remove the company profile has been denied for:




You are only permitted to claim ownership and remove one company profile. You have previously claimed ownership and removed the profile for:




You can contact us at [email protected] with any questions.



Cancel


















About Us


Partnerships


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Remove Company


Contact Us







 
 






















 
 




        Copyright © 2017 Buzzfile Media LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    

            45 Broadway, Ste 1420, New York, NY 10006
        












×
Error








Close










Alert






Close





























KC Aggregates Group LLC $4,084,450 Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











KC Aggregates Group LLC $4,084,450 Financing
KC Aggregates Group LLC just submitted form D announcing $4,084,450 equity financing.  This is a new filing. KC Aggregates Group LLC was able to sell $4,084,450. That is 100% of the round of financing. The total private offering amount was $4,084,450. The financing was made by 28 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $24,450. The financing document was filed on 2016-12-28. KC Aggregates Group LLC is based in  9154 EASTCHASE PARKWAY #302  MONTGOMERY 36117. The firm's business is Other Real Estate. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  Frank Schuler.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001690642




  
Corporation


  
Limited Partnership


X
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
KC Aggregates Group LLC
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
ALABAMA
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2016


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
KC Aggregates Group LLC

Street Address 1
Street Address 2

9154 EASTCHASE PARKWAY #302

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


MONTGOMERY
ALABAMA
36117
205-609-8836


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Schuler
Frank


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1266 West Paces Ferry Road #181

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Atlanta
GEORGIA
30327



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of Ornstein-Schuler LLC, which is the Manager of Yellowhammer Ventures LLC, which is the Manager of Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Ornstein
Matthew


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

1266 West Paces Ferry Road #181

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Atlanta
GEORGIA
30327



Relationship:
X
Executive Officer
  
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Manager of Ornstein-Schuler LLC, which is the Manager of Yellowhammer Ventures LLC, which is the Manager of Issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


  
Pooled Investment Fund







Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
  
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





X
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




  
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


  
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale
2016-12-27

  
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


  
Yes
X
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









X
Equity
  
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$24,450

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
X
None




(Associated) Broker or Dealer
X
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
X
None



Street Address 1
Street Address 2


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
  
All States


  
Foreign/non-US



13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

$4,084,450

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$4,084,450

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

$0

USD

or
  
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
28


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

X
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


KC Aggregates Group LLC
Frank Schuler
Frank Schuler
Mgr. of Ornstein-Schuler LLC, Mgr. of Yellowhammer Ventures
2016-12-28


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




KC Aggregates Group LLC Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-28New Form D$4,084,450$4,084,4500$24,4502806b[view]
KC Aggregates Group LLC List of ExecutivesFrank Schuler, Matthew Ornstein











Last visited: Freelance Anesthesia, LLC, Freelinc Technologies LLC, Freelinc Technologies LLC, Freenote, LLC, Freestone Ergonomic Seating Partners, L.P.

								© 
							













