

KCG Americas LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:43 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KCG Americas LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
KCG Americas LLC operates as a stock broker. It offers settlement and clearance services, direct market access trading, and electronic access and trade execution products for the retail fixed income market. KCG Americas LLC was formerly known as Knight Capital Americas LLC and changed its name to KCG Americas LLC on December 31, 2013. The company was founded in 2009 and is based in Jersey City, New Jersey. KCG Americas LLC operates as a subsidiary of Knight Capital Holdings LLC.


545 Washington BoulevardJersey City, NJ 07310United StatesFounded in 2009



Phone: 201-222-9400








Key Executives for KCG Americas LLC


KCG Americas LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



KCG Americas LLC Key Developments

KCG Americas, LLC Announces First Amendment to Credit Agreement
Jun 9 17
KCG Americas, LLC (KCGA), a wholly owned broker-dealer subsidiary of KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG), as borrower, KCG, as guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of New York, as collateral agent, and BMO Capital Markets as lead arranger and book runner (collectively, the parties) entered into the First Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Amendment), which amends that certain credit agreement, dated June 5, 2015, between KCGA, as borrower, KCG, as guarantor, the lenders from time to time party thereto, BMO Harris Bank N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and BMO Capital Markets and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, as joint lead arrangers and joint book runners (the Original Facility Agreement, and, as amended by the Amendment, the KCGA Facility Agreement). The amendment, among other things, reduces the lenders' aggregate commitments under the KCGA Facility Agreement from $355,000,000 to $260,000,000, extends the maturity of the facility from June 5, 2017 to June 4, 2018, and reduces the margins on borrowings under the facility. Borrowings under the facility shall bear interest, at a rate based on the federal funds rate (such loans referred to as Base Rate Loans) or based on LIBOR (such loans referred to as Eurodollar Loans), at KCGA's option, in each case plus an applicable margin. The Amendment reduces the margin on each Base Rate Loan and Eurodollar Loan from (a) for each Revolving A Loan (as defined in the KCGA Facility Agreement) from 1.50% to 1.25% per annum and (b) for each Revolving B Loan (as defined in the KCGA Facility Agreement) from 2.50% to 2.25% per annum. The amendment also amends a financial covenant under the KCGA Facility Agreement by increasing the minimum level of Excess Net Capital (as defined in the KCGA Facility Agreement) that KCGA must maintain from $75,000,000 to $100,000,000. In addition, the amendment reduces availability of Revolving B Loans by reducing the Revolving B Sublimit (as defined in the KCGA Facility Agreement) from $115,000,000 to $100,000,000.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KCG Americas LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











KCG Americas LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback






































kcg americas llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Institutional Financial Svcs
Sub-Industry: Institutional Brokerage
KCG Americas LLC operates as an institutional brokerage firm. The Firm offers settlement, clearance, direct market access trading, electronic access, and trade execution services. KCG Americas serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

545 Washington Blvd
Jersey City, NJ 07310
United States


Phone:
1-800-544-7508


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.kcg.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Christy Noel Oeth


Chief Compliance Officer




Nick Ogurtsov


COO/Chief Risk Officer




John McCarthy


CLO/Secretary/General Counsel







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































KCG BondPoint :: Comprehensive Fixed-Income Solutions
























 



About BondPoint
 
Contact








 














:: Login

User ID:
Password:


Save ID


:: QuickNav

Company

  Contact
  News
  Careers
  FAQs
  User Feedback
  Free Two-Week Trial

Products

  VB Trader Workstation
  VB Enterprise Broker        Workstation
  VB Broker Workstation
  VB Enterprise Retail
  VB Technology Services
  VB Service Bureau

Trading

  VB Securities
  VB ECN
  Securities Traded
  Offering Dealers
  Buyers
  Access the ECN
  Service Bureau Solutions

Technology

  VB Technology Overview
  About STP
  Integration
  Customization
  Connectivity

Benefits

  Benefits with Valubond









 Marshall Nicholson
Director, Sales
Bill Kane
President of KCG BondPoint
John Faure
Vice President, Trading
Debbie Zorn
Director of Product Development
David Pearson
Director of Technical Services









 





 



BondPoint, A Division of Virtu Americas LLC. Copyright © 2017 Virtu Financial, Inc.
Member SIPC · Disclaimer · Business Continuity Plan Summary Notice
		 · Privacy Policy · 
		Fixed Income Data and Ratings Information



 











BondPoint :: Comprehensive Fixed-Income Solutions





















 



About BondPoint
 
Contact








 













Mailing Address
BondPoint
        300 Vesey Street
        New York, NY 10282
        877.392.8258
Product Sales
If you are interested in using any of BondPoint's trading or private label products, contact:sales@bondpoint.com or call 800.764.7609.
Trading Desk

trader@bondpoint.com
800.373.9478
Offerings Department

offerings@bondpoint.com
 800.373.9478

Customer Support
Contact us by phone or e-mail: usersupport@bondpoint.com
877.423.7839
Technical Support
For help with the BondPoint website:
techsupport@bondpoint.com
877.423.7839
Media and Press
If you are a member of the press and would like more information, please contact:
            Andrew Smith
            Telephone: 212-418-0195
            Email: andrew@virtu.com












 





 



BondPoint, A Division of Virtu Americas LLC. Copyright © 2017 Virtu Financial, Inc.
Member SIPC · Disclaimer · Business Continuity Plan Summary Notice
		 · Privacy Policy · 
		Fixed Income Data and Ratings Information



 















About Us | Virtu Financial
















Skip to Content













Market Making




                                            Client Market Making
                                        




                                            Customized Liquidity
                                        





Trading Solutions




                                            Algorithmic Trading
                                        




                                            Institutional Trading
                                        




                                            ETF Trading
                                        





Trading Venues




                                            Virtu BondPoint
                                        




                                            Virtu MatchIt
                                        





Careers




                                            Our Culture
                                        




                                            Open Positions
                                        




                                            Internships
                                        





About Us




                                            History
                                        




                                            Transparency
                                        




                                            Media
                                        




                                            Virtu Investors
                                        




Contact










About Us




 



		A Global Leader in Market Making and Execution Services


		We are a leading financial firm that leverages cutting edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to our clients.

		We combine our market structure expertise and execution technology to provide deep liquidity and competitive bids and offers in over 19,000 securities, at over 235 venues and unrivaled execution technology to our clients, while creating more efficient and stable markets worldwide.

		We strongly believe that transparency enables market participants to make better, more informed decisions while making markets more efficient. We strictly adhere to our core set of client values with each and every trade: Transparency, Reliability & Virtue.

	 




			Transparency

			Transparency not only enables clients to make better decisions, but also makes markets more efficient.




			Reliability

			We provide our clients with exceptional service and access to the most innovative trading solutions in the industry.




			Virtue

			Honesty and integrity are at the core of who we are. We uphold the highest ethical standard in all we do.



	 


		Virtu's corporate headquarters is located in New York with trade floors and development groups in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information on Virtu's locations and contacting us, click here.

 
 



Copyright ©
                  2017
Virtu Financial. All rights reserved.
                



                                Virtu-Investors
                            



                                Operating Business Subsidiaries
                            



                                Global Disclosures & Regulatory Reporting
                            



                                Business Continuity Plan
                            



                                Modern Slavery Statement
                            














KCG COMPLETES CONSOLIDATION OF U.S. BROKER-DEALERSHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,472.10-3.32 (-0.13%)Dow 3021,830.31+33.76 (+0.15%)Nasdaq6,374.68-7.51 (-0.12%)LISTENWho is the face of pro baseball?Yahoo Finance's Dan Roberts and Myles Udland debate the business of baseballKCG COMPLETES CONSOLIDATION OF U.S. BROKER-DEALERSThomson Reuters ONE•January 2, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareKCG COMPLETES CONSOLIDATION OF U.S. BROKER-DEALERSRemaining broker-dealer renamed KCG Americas LLCJERSEY CITY, N.J. - January 2, 2014 - KCG Holdings, Inc. (KCG) today announced the consolidation and renaming of its U.S. broker-dealer operations into KCG Americas LLC, formerly Knight Capital Americas LLC.The name change and consolidation reflect a simplification of KCG`s post-merger, broker-dealer subsidiary structure. Further, the consolidation generates cost synergies and releases additional capital. To create KCG Americas LLC, the brokerage operations of GETCO Execution Services LLC (GES) and GETCO Securities, LLC (GTS) were first consolidated into Knight Capital Americas LLC (KCA). OCTEG, LLC (OCTEG) was then merged into KCA, which was subsequently renamed KCG Americas LLC, effective December 31, 2013 after the market close.KCG Americas LLC is an SEC-registered broker-dealer and CFTC-registered futures merchant as well as a member of FINRA and SIPC. In addition, KCG Americas LLC is a member of all major U.S. exchanges and markets for stocks, options and futures.About KCGKCG is a leading independent securities firm offering investors a range of services designed to address trading needs across asset classes, product types and time zones. The firm combines advanced technology with exceptional client service across market making, agency execution and venues. KCG has multiple access points to trade global equities, fixed income, currencies and commodities via voice or automated execution. www.kcg.comCONTACTS   Sophie Sohn   Jonathan Mairs     Communications & Marketing   Investor Relations     312-931-2299   201-356-1529     media@kcg.com   jmairs@kcg.com   KCG BD Name Change and Consolidation PRESS RELEASE FINAL 2014This announcement is distributed by NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions on behalf of NASDAQ OMX Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: KCG Holdings, Inc. via GlobeNewswireHUG#1752535ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextAnthony Scaramucci's wife reportedly filed for divorce because he was 'hell-bent' on joining TrumpBusiness InsiderEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredMainstream Model 3 holds promise _ and peril _ for TeslaAssociated PressThe 'two pizza rule' is a secret to productive meetings that helped Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos become one of the world's richest menBusiness InsiderHow Casino Mogul Steve Wynn Lost $10 Million on BaccaratBloombergThis Will Be In Everyone's Household By 2020Banyan HillSponsoredChevron and Exxon Mobil have a tough path ahead: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoStocks mixed after heavy earnings weekYahoo FinanceThe real reason overseas manufacturing is coming to AmericaYahoo FinanceDiscover it: 4.8 out of 5 avg. by 24K+ customersDiscover CardSponsoredTrump to cops: 'Please don't be too nice' while arresting 'thugs,' and don't worry about their heads when you toss them in the 'paddy wagon'Business InsiderChrissy Teigen Is ‘So Happy’ Donald Trump Blocked Her on TwitterFortune7 real ways for millennials to save money (not by brownbagging and skipping Starbucks)MarketWatchCardiologist: 3 Foods You Should Quit ImmediatelyGundry MDSponsoredMy bullish view on stocks hasn't changed one iota: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoBlue Apron: Bullish calls not all they're cooked up to beYahoo FinanceMcCain Is Too Unwell to Take Big Decisions, Like VotingKits: His speech was the sanest thing I have heard come from the Capital in a very very long time.  I am an Independent that was raised Democrat.  I often disagree with his stance on issues, but I have deep respect for the man. To come out of 7 years as a POW, survive torture, and go on to serve his state and country with a backbone (a lot of the time at least).Join the Conversation1 / 5265








