


KCG Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






KCG Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


KCG Holdings





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: KCG


Industry
Financial Services


Founded
2013 from merger of Knight Capital Group and Getco LLC


Headquarters
New York City, New York, United States



Key people

Daniel Coleman, Chief Executive Officer


Products
Market making and trading


Revenue
 US$ 1.316 billion (2014)[1]



Net income

 US$ 61.1 million (2014)[1]


Total assets
 US$ 6.830 billion (2014)[1]


Total equity
 US$ 1.522 billion (2014)[1]



Number of employees

1,093 (2014)[1]


Website
www.kcg.com


KCG Holdings, Inc. is an American global financial services firm engaging in market making, high-frequency trading, electronic execution, and institutional sales and trading.[2] The company was formed July 1, 2013 at the completion of the previously announced merger whereby Knight Capital Group, Inc. and GETCO Holding Company, LLC were combined.[3] Global growth equity firm General Atlantic, with a 25% stake in GETCO, made an additional equity investment at the time of the merger. Rene Kern, Managing Director at General Atlantic joined the board of directors[4]
On April 20, 2017 KCG announced that it had agreed to be acquired by Virtu Financial for $20 per share in cash. [5]



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
Getco LLC was founded in 1999[6] by Stephen Schuler and Daniel Tierney, former floor traders in Chicago, and had 400 employees at the time of the merger. The firm's primary business was electronic market making/high-frequency trading, though it also provided execution algorithms and a dark pool through its client services arm, Getco Execution Services.
Knight Capital Group was founded in 1995[7] as Knight/Trimark Group and had about 1400 employees at the time of the merger. Its largest business was market-making in US equities for retail brokerages, though it also provided other services such as electronic execution, dark pools, plus institutional sales and trading. In August 2012 a technological/managerial "breakdown" caused Knight to lose $460m, nearly putting the firm out of business.[8] In December 2012, it agreed to be acquired by Getco LLC. The merger was approved by the respective stockholders and unitholders of both companies on June 25, 2013.[3]
On July 8, 2013, Chief Executive Officer Daniel Coleman rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange, marking the completion of Knight and Getco's merger and the unveiling of a new corporate identity, KCG Holdings.[9]
In January 2015, KCG Holdings announced it would be selling its foreign exchange trading platform KCG Hotspot to BATS Global Markets for $365 million.[10]
See also[edit]

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Inc. v. Manning, a 2016 Supreme Court case involving naked short selling claims against KCG and Merrill Lynch, among others.

References[edit]



^ a b c d e "KCG - Press Release". KCG Holdings, Inc. 
^ "About Us | KCG". Retrieved 2013-07-10. 
^ a b "Knight Capital Group And GETCO Complete Merger". news.kcg.com. KCG Holdings. 
^ "GETCO to Acquire Knight Capital (KCG) for $3.75/Share in Cash and Stock". Street Insider. Retrieved 16 December 2015. 
^ "KCG Announces First Quauarter 2017 Results". news.kcg.com. KCG Holdings. 
^ Marek, Lynne (3 July 2013). "KCG taps former Getco CEO Schuler". Chicago Business. 
^ "History". KCG Holdings. 
^ October 23, 2013, Register, "Lone Sysadmin triggers 462 Million dollar crash"
^ NYSE Press Release, July 03, 2013
^ "Deals of the day- Mergers and acquisitions". Reuters. Retrieved 2015-02-02. 



External links[edit]

KCG Website







v
t
e


Hedge funds



Investment
strategy





Arbitrage /
Relative value




Capital structure arbitrage
Convertible arbitrage
Equity market neutral
Fixed income arbitrage / Fixed-income relative-value investing
Statistical arbitrage
Volatility arbitrage






Event-driven




Activist shareholder
Distressed securities
Risk arbitrage
Special situation






Directional




Convergence trade
Commodity trading advisors / Managed futures account
Dedicated short
Global macro
Long/short equity
Trend following






Other




Fund of hedge funds / Multi-manager











Trading



Algorithmic trading
Day trading
High-frequency trading
Prime brokerage
Program trading
Proprietary trading





Related
terms





Markets




Commodities
Derivatives
Equity
Fixed income
Foreign exchange
Money markets
Structured securities






Misc




Arbitrage pricing theory
Assets under management
Black–Scholes model (Greeks (finance): Delta neutral)
Capital asset pricing model (Alpha / Beta / Security characteristic line)
Fundamental analysis
Hedge
Securitization
Short
Taxation of private equity and hedge funds
Technical analysis








Investors



Vulture funds
Family offices
Financial endowments
Fund of hedge funds
High-net-worth individual
Institutional investors
Insurance companies
Investment banks
Merchant banks
Pension funds
Sovereign wealth funds





Regulatory



Fund governance
Hedge Fund Standards Board








Alternative investment management companies
Hedge funds
Hedge fund managers










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=KCG_Holdings&oldid=782945339"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeFinancial services companies based in New JerseyCompanies based in Jersey City, New JerseyPrivate equity portfolio companiesCompanies formed by merger 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 30 May 2017, at 05:10.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	CES GLOBAL Trademark of KCG IP HOLDINGS LLC. Serial Number: 86099210 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
CES GLOBAL










 
Get FREE email alerts













CES GLOBAL  Trademark Information
 KCG IP HOLDINGS LLC
Financial Services, namely, multi-asset class market making services, securities trade execution services, institutional sales and trading in the nature of the selling, purchasing and trading of securities on behalf of institutional clients, principal trading in the nature of trading in securities, principal strategic investments in the nature of investment of funds for others




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         multiasset   class   market   making   services      securities   trade   execution   services      institutional   sales   trading   nature   selling      purchasing   trading   securities   behalf   institutional    
                                    




This is a brand page for the CES GLOBAL trademark by KCG IP HOLDINGS LLC 
                                in Chicago, IL, 60603.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this CES GLOBAL trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner KCG IP HOLDINGS LLC of the CES GLOBAL trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the CES GLOBAL trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, October 23, 2013,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        CES GLOBAL by 
                        KCG IP HOLDINGS LLC, Chicago, IL  60603.
                        The USPTO has given the CES GLOBAL 
                        trademark serial  number of  86099210.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for CES GLOBAL is 
                        
                        
                                            PAUL D. MCGRADY, JR. of 
                                            WINSTON & STRAWN LLP,  35 W WACKER DR STE 4200, CHICAGO, IL 60601-1695 
                                .
                            The CES GLOBAL trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for CES GLOBAL 
                            is Financial Services, namely, multi-asset class market making services, securities trade execution services, institutional sales and trading in the nature of the selling, purchasing and trading of securities on behalf of institutional clients, principal trading in the nature of trading in securities, principal strategic investments in the nature of investment of funds for others. 
                            





Word mark:
 CES GLOBAL


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

5/5/2015



  Serial Number:  
86099210


  Filing Date:  
10/23/2013


 Registration Number:  
4730004 


 Registration Date:  
5/5/2015


 Goods and Services: 
Financial Services, namely, multi-asset class market making services, securities trade execution services, institutional sales and trading in the nature of the selling, purchasing and trading of securities on behalf of institutional clients, principal trading in the nature of trading in securities, principal strategic investments in the nature of investment of funds for others


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
2/17/2015


Last Applicant/Owner:

KCG IP HOLDINGS LLCChicago, IL  60603
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("GLOBAL")


 Correspondent:


PAUL D. MCGRADY, JR.
WINSTON & STRAWN LLP
35 W WACKER DR STE 4200
CHICAGO, IL 60601-1695






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
8/31/2012


First Use In Commerce: 
8/31/2012





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your CES GLOBAL trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

5/5/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



PAUL D. MCGRADY, JR.


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of CES GLOBAL trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search cesglobal on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for CES GLOBAL 




CES GLOBAL is providing Financial Services, namely, multi-asset class market making services, securities trade execution services, institutional sales and trading in the nature of the selling, purchasing and trading of securities on behalf of institutional clients, principal trading in the nature of trading in securities, principal strategic investments in the nature of investment of funds for others.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















KCG Strategic Holdings LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:43 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KCG Strategic Holdings LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Knight Capital Holdings LLC operates as a subsidiary of Knight Capital Group, Inc.


51 Weaver StreetGreenwich, CT 06831United States



Phone: (203) 629-9230

Fax: (203) 629-0418

www.knight.com







Key Executives for KCG Strategic Holdings LLC


KCG Strategic Holdings LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



KCG Strategic Holdings LLC Key Developments

BATS Global Markets Plans For IPO
Nov 30 15
BATS Global Markets Inc.  is planning for an IPO. BATS Global is expected to file a prospectus with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for an initial public offering as early as December, the Wall Street Journal reported. BATS spokesman Randy Williams declined to comment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      November 17, 2016
			    
BATS Global Markets, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KCG Strategic Holdings LLC, please visit www.knight.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Insider Trading - Kcg Strategic Holdings LLC - Form 4 SEC Filings












Home |
Archives |
Products |
About |
Contact |
FAQ |



New User?
Sign Up | 
Sign In









Form 4 Filings


Insider Buys


Significant Buys


Penny StocksInsider Buying


Insider Sales




Insider Buy Sell Ratios


Stock Options


Insider TradingStock Screener


Insider TradingGraph View


Insider Watch





Sec Filings Insider Trading - Kcg Strategic Holdings LLC





Select Time period: 
1 Month
2 Months
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
All Data
 

     



google

   



yahoo!



Send this page to:  

Blog
  



Digg

  



Reddit

  



Facebook

  



Stumble

  



del.icio.us








Enter Stock Ticker Symbol or Cik:




Cik Lookup...






Search By Company or Insider Name:







"Insiders might sell their shares for any number of reasons, but they buy them for only one:
they think the price will rise"
- Peter Lynch ==>>

What is insider trading>>



Email a friend >>...







Historical filings delayed by 6 months. New user?
Sign Up for real time data.
Existing user?
Sign In

Common stock purchase or sale:



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
Company
Symbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
AveragePrice
TotalAmount
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-11-17Sale
2016-11-185:00 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
11,037,906
$30.94
$341,559,256
2,380,205(Direct)
View


2016-11-14Sale
2016-11-164:42 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
803,727
$0
$0
11,547,184(Direct)
View


2016-11-09Sale
2016-11-144:20 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
667,607
$0
$0
12,332,791(Direct)
View


2016-11-07Sale
2016-11-094:18 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
407,071
$0
$0
12,921,862(Direct)
View


2016-10-19Sale
2016-10-214:13 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
95,000
$0
$0
13,121,862(Direct)
View


2016-10-14Sale
2016-10-184:06 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Kcg Strategic Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
16,880
$0
$0
13,216,862(Direct)
View


2016-04-20Sale
2016-04-224:11 pm
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Knight Capital Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
2,596,937
$19
$49,341,803
15,830,679(Direct)
View




Stock options: Exercise, Award, Grant, Conversion



TransactionDate
ReportedDate
ExercisableExpiration
Company
Symnbol
InsiderRelationship
SharesTraded
ConversionPrice
SharesOwned
Filing




2016-04-20Conversion
2016-04-224:11 pm
N/AN/A
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Knight Capital Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
379,000
$0
15,830,679(Direct)
View


2016-04-20Conversion
2016-04-224:11 pm
N/AN/A
Bats Global Markets Inc.
BATS
Knight Capital Holdings LLCKcg Holdings Inc.Knight Capital Group LLC10% Owner
379,000
$0
15,830,679(Direct)
View









    © 2005-2017 SecForm4.Com All rights reserved.
    Archives:
    2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 ... 
    Sat, 29 Jul 2017 03:43:13 -0500
  

    SEC is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. EDGAR is a trademark of the SEC.
    SecForm4.Com is not affiliated with or approved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Terms of Use |
    Privacy Statement |
  











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











KCG Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:43 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of KCG Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
KCG Holdings, Inc., an independent securities firm, provides various services designed to address trading needs across asset classes, product types, and time zones. The company operates through three segments: Market Making, Global Execution Services, and Corporate and Other. The Market Marking segment principally consists of market making in the cash, futures, and options markets across equities, options, fixed income, currencies, and commodities. This segment commits capital on a principal basis by offering to buy securities from, or sell securities to, broker dealers, banks, and institutions. Its principal trading comprise direct to clients, as well as in a supplemental capacity on exchan...
KCG Holdings, Inc., an independent securities firm, provides various services designed to address trading needs across asset classes, product types, and time zones. The company operates through three segments: Market Making, Global Execution Services, and Corporate and Other. The Market Marking segment principally consists of market making in the cash, futures, and options markets across equities, options, fixed income, currencies, and commodities. This segment commits capital on a principal basis by offering to buy securities from, or sell securities to, broker dealers, banks, and institutions. Its principal trading comprise direct to clients, as well as in a supplemental capacity on exchanges, electronic communications networks (ECNs), and alternative trading systems. This segment also participates on various equity and futures exchanges; trades in various domestic electronic options exchanges; and handles specialized orders and transacts on the OTC Bulletin Board and the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange. The Global Execution Services segment provides agency execution services and trading venues for agency-based execution-only trading in global equities, fixed income, futures, and options to institutions, banks, and broker dealers. This segment offers agency-based execution-only trading services through various access points, such as algorithmic trading and order routing in various equities and options; institutional sales traders executing program, block and riskless principal trades in global equities, and exchange traded funds; fixed income ECN that offers trading applications; and an ATS for U.S. equities. The Corporate and Other segment invests principally in strategic trading-related opportunities. KCG Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in New York, New York. As of July 20, 2017, KCG Holdings, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Virtu Financial, Inc.
Detailed Description


300 Vesey StreetNew York, NY 10282United States923 Employees



Phone: 646-682-6000

www.kcg.com







Key Executives for KCG Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Douglas A. Cifu


      	CEO & Director
      


Age: 52
        







Mr. Joseph Molluso


      	CFO & Treasurer
      


Age: 48
        







 Justin Waldie


      	Senior VP, General Counsel & Secretary
      








Mr. John DiBacco


      	Global Head of Equities Trading
      


Age: 41
        







Mr. Philip John MacKintosh


      	Head of Trading Strategy and Analysis
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

KCG Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

KCG Holdings, Inc. Plans to Reduce Number of Employee
Jul 24 17
On June 27, 2017, KCG Holdings, Inc. commenced a workforce reduction plan in order to reduce the company's expenses and operational complexity while increasing the company's ability to focus on areas of competitive strength. The workforce reduction plan was effective on the effective date for impacted employees in the U.S. and will be effective as of July 28, 2017 for those employees in the U.K. The plan impacted approximately 14% of the company's workforce and will be completed during the third quarter of 2017. The company currently estimates that it will recognize a pre-tax charge in connection with the workforce reduction of approximately $10 million during the third quarter of 2017. The charge is expected to consist of severance, other one-time termination benefits, and other associated costs. All affected employees were notified by July 17, 2017.


KCG Holdings, Inc. Announces Management Changes
Jul 20 17
The merger agreement by and among Virtu KCG Holdings LLC, formerly known as KCG Holdings, Inc. (the Company), Virtu Financial, Inc. and Orchestra Merger Sub, Inc.(Merger Sub). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the company as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Virtu (the Merger), became effective on July 20, 2017 (the Effective Date). On the Effective Date, in connection with the completion of the Merger, the Company was converted from a Delaware corporation having the name “KCG Holdings, Inc.” into a Delaware limited liability company having the name “Virtu KCG Holdings LLC.” Immediately following the Effective Time all of the company’s directors, which includes Charles E. Haldeman, Jr., Debra J. Chrapaty, Daniel B. Coleman, Peter R. Fisher, Rene M. Kern, James T. Milde, John C. (Hans) Morris, Alastair Rampell, Daniel F. Schmitt, Laurie M. Shahon, Colin Smith, Heather E. Tookes and Adrian Weller, were removed from office by Orchestra Borrower LLC (the Escrow Issuer) and replaced with Douglas A. Cifu, the director of the Escrow Issuer as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, all of the company’s officers, which includes Mr. Coleman, Steffen Parratt, Nick Ogurtsov, Phillip Allison, Ryan Primmer, John McCarthy, Michael Blum, Sean Galvin and Greg Tusar, were removed from office by the Escrow Issuer and replaced with Mr. Cifu and Joseph Molluso, the officers of the Escrow Issuer as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, who were appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively, and in connection with converting the Company from a corporation to a limited liability company, the company will be member-managed by the Escrow Issuer. Prior to their respective appointments, each of Messrs. Cifu and Molluso advised the company that, to the best of his knowledge, he was not currently a director of, and did not hold any position with, the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Douglas A. Cifu became the company’s Chief Executive Officer in July 2017. He currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Virtu and previously served as Virtu Financial LLC’s President and Chief Operating Officer and has served on its board of directors since co-founding the firm in April 2008. Joseph Molluso became the company’s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer in July 2017. He has been the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Virtu since November 2013.


KCG Holdings, Inc. Requests NASDAQ To File Form 25 With SEC To Delist Common Stock
Jul 20 17
In connection with the completion of the merger contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 20, 2017 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Virtu KCG Holdings LLC, formerly known as KCG Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”), Virtu Financial, Inc., (“Virtu”), and Orchestra Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Virtu (“Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company as the surviving entity and a wholly owned subsidiary of Virtu (the “Merger”), became effective on July 20, 2017.  On the Effective Date, in connection with the completion of the Merger, the Company was converted from a Delaware corporation having the name “KCG Holdings, Inc.” into a Delaware limited liability company having the name “Virtu KCG Holdings LLC.” As a result of the Merger, the Company no longer fulfills the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”). On July 20, 2017, the Company notified the NYSE that the Merger had become effective and requested that the NYSE (i) suspend trading of the Company Common Stock on the NYSE after the close of trading on July 20, 2017 and (ii) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a notification of removal from listing on Form 25 to delist the Company Common Stock from the NYSE and deregister the Company Common Stock under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. On July 20, 2017, the NYSE filed the Form 25 with the SEC. Additionally, the Company intends to file with the SEC a certification and notice of termination on Form 15 under the Exchange Act requesting the deregistration of the Company Common Stock under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act and the suspension of the Company’s reporting obligations under Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      March 15, 2017
			    
--



Buyback

			      January 19, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact KCG Holdings, Inc., please visit www.kcg.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


















































KCG Holdings, Inc. Enters Into $275 Million Strategic Transaction With General Atlantic, LLC







Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
Skip to Content












Sullivan & Cromwell






search form
search








No results




search lawyers



search everything













Client Highlights







PUBLICATIONS
NEWS
EVENTS
AUDIO &AMP; VIDEO




tablet tabset

SELECT ANOTHER AREA
PUBLICATIONS EVENTS AUDIO &AMP; VIDEO







mobile tabset

SELECT ANOTHER AREA
PUBLICATIONS EVENTS AUDIO &AMP; VIDEO













KCG Holdings, Inc. Enters Into $275 Million Strategic Transaction With General Atlantic, LLC

						November 17, 2016 
					

S&C advised KCG Holdings, Inc. in its entry into a strategic transaction with General Atlantic, LLC, a 22 percent shareholder of KCG. Under the terms of the transaction, KCG will exchange approximately 8.9 million shares of Bats Global Markets, Inc. owned by KCG for all of General Atlantic’s 18.7 million shares and 8.1 million warrants of KCG. The transaction is valued at approximately $275 million.

KCG is an independent securities firm that provides market making and agency execution services and venues to investors and also engages in principal trading through exchange-based market making. General Atlantic invested in a predecessor to KCG, GETCO Holding Company, LLC, in 2007.  

The S&C team representing KCG was led by Jared Fishman and Regina Sorin.










LAWYERS

Jared M. Fishman
Regina Sorin




PRACTICES & CAPABILITIES

Exchange/Alternate Trading Systems
Financial Services Capital Markets















Binder Popup
Binder Popup
Binder Popup
Binder Popup



www.sullcrom.com
© 2017 Sullivan & Cromwell LLP


Binder Popup
Binder Popup
Back to top



Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
You may share a link to this page on any of the sites listed below.

Linkedin
Twitter
Google+
Google Bookmarks
Facebook

close






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
This page has been added to your binder.
Continue Browsing | View Binder






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
In order to use the binder you must agree to cookie use.
Allow | Continue Browsing






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
Please enter a search term or select a suggested term from the list.
Close Window






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
Please enter a search term or select a suggested term from the list.
Close Window






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
This search term may not be submitted alone. Please adjust your search and try again.
Close Window






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
All pages were removed from your binder
close






Sullivan & Cromwell LLP
You may not collect more than 75 pages in a binder. Feel free to generate this binder, clear it, and start a new one with the additional pages you wish to collect.
Close Window |  View Binder 




 


KCG STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      KCG STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LLC
                    

•   NEW YORK, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             KCG Strategic Holdings is based out of New York.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from KCG STRATEGIC HOLDINGS LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




kcg strategic holdings llc


300 VESEY STREET

NEW YORK
NY
                                                        
                                                    10282


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      646-682-6000







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 11/18/2016
4 filed on 11/16/2016
4 filed on 11/14/2016
4 filed on 11/09/2016
4 filed on 10/21/2016
4 filed on 10/18/2016
4 filed on 04/22/2016
3 filed on 04/18/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free























Kcg Holdings, Inc. 8-k - Form 8 K Special Events Filing - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > KCG HOLDINGS, INC. 8-K

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Kcg Holdings, Inc. 8-k
Form 8 K Special Events Filing



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves KCG HOLDINGS, INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: KCG HOLDINGS, INC. 8-K Date: 11/18/2016 Law Firm: Sullivan Cromwell      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day











     

 


UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

 


 


FORM
8-K

 


 


CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of
Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 17,
2016

 


 



KCG
HOLDINGS, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 


 


 




 



 



 



 



 





DELAWARE



 



000-54991



 



38-3898306





(State or
other jurisdiction

of
incorporation)



 



(Commission

File
Number)



 



(IRS
Employer

Identification
No.)




545
Washington Boulevard, Jersey City, NJ 07310

(Address of
principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(201)
222-9400

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

 


 


Check the
appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to
simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant
under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2.
below):

 




☐



Written
communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17
CFR 230.425)




 




☐



Soliciting
material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR
240.14a-12)




 




☐



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.14d-2(b))




 




☐



Pre-commencement
communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17
CFR 240.13e-4(c))




 


 

 



 


   


 




Item 1.01



Entry into
a Material Definitive Agreement




On
November 17, 2016, KCG Holdings, Inc. (the
“Company”) entered into a purchase agreement (the
“Purchase Agreement”) with GA-GTCO Interholdco LLC
(“General Atlantic”), an affiliate of General Atlantic
and a holder of approximately 22% of the outstanding shares of
Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Company (“Company Common Stock”). Pursuant to the terms
of the Purchase Agreement, the Company will exchange approximately
8.9 million shares of common stock of Bats Global Markets,
Inc., held by a subsidiary of the Company, for approximately
18.7 million shares of Company Common Stock and approximately
8.1 million warrants to purchase Company Common Stock
(“Warrants”) held by General Atlantic, which constitute
all of the Company Common Stock and Warrants held by General
Atlantic.

The
Purchase Agreement provides that the transactions contemplated
thereby will close as soon as reasonably practicable after the date
of the Purchase Agreement, but in no event earlier than 5:00 p.m.
New York time on November 18, 2016, with a portion of the
Warrants to be settled in early January 2017. The Purchase
Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and
agreements of the Company and General Atlantic.

The above
summary of the Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete
and is qualified in its entirety by the Purchase Agreement, a copy
of which is attached to this Current Report on Form 8-K as Exhibit
10.1 and incorporated by reference herein. On November 17,
2016, the Company issued a press release announcing the
transaction. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit
99.1 hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

 
 




Item 9.01



Financial
Statements and Exhibits.




 





 



 



 






Exhibit No.




  



Description





 



 





10.1



  



Purchase
Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2016, by and between KCG
Holdings, Inc. and GA-GTCO Interholdco, LLC.





 



 





99.1



  



Press
Release of KCG Holdings, Inc., issued on November 17,
2016.




  


  


SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned’s duly authorized signatory.

Dated:
November 18, 2016

 




 



 



 





KCG
HOLDINGS, INC.





 



 





By:



 



/s/ John
McCarthy





Name:



 



John
McCarthy





Title:



 



General
Counsel




  


  


EXHIBIT
INDEX

 





 



 



 






Exhibit No.




  



Description





 



 





10.1



  



Purchase
Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2016, by and between KCG
Holdings, Inc. and GA-GTCO Interholdco, LLC.





 



 





99.1



  



Press
Release of KCG Holdings, Inc., issued on November 17,
2016.




    

Exhibit
10.1

EXECUTION
VERSION

PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

PURCHASE
AGREEMENT, dated as of November 17, 2016 (this “
Agreement ”), between KCG Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“ KCG ”), and GA-GTCO Interholdco,
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“ GA-GTCO
”).

RECITALS
:

WHEREAS,
GA-GTCO is the sole owner and holder of (i) 18,709,027 shares
of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of KCG
(“ KCG Common Stock ”) and (ii) warrants to
purchase 8,094,683 shares of KCG Common Stock, (“ KCG
Warrants ”), consisting of (a) 2,698,228
Class A Warrants, (b) 2,698,228 Class B Warrants and
(c) 2,698,227 Class C Warrants;

WHEREAS,
such KCG Warrants are subject to the terms of the Warrant
Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2013 (the “ Warrant
Agreement ”), between KCG and Computershare Shareowner
Services LLC, as warrant agent (the “ Warrant Agent
”, and in its capacity as transfer agent for KCG Common
Stock, the “ Transfer Agent ”);

WHEREAS,
Section 1.21 of the Warrant Agreement provides that KCG shall
have the right to purchase KCG Warrants at such times, in such
manner and for such consideration as it and the applicable KCG
Warrant holder may deem appropriate;

WHEREAS,
GA-GTCO desires to sell, and KCG desires to purchase, the shares of
KCG Common Stock and KCG Warrants, in each case upon the terms and
conditions of this Agreement;

WHEREAS,
KCG Strategic Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company
and wholly owned subsidiary of KCG (“ KSH ”), is
the sole owner and holder of 8,909,747 shares of common stock, par
value $0.01 per share (“ Bats Common Stock ”),
of Bats Global Markets, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“
Bats ”), (i) 8,822,495 of which are subject to a
lock-up pursuant to the letter (the “ Lock-Up Letter
”) executed by KSH on April 14, 2016 and delivered to
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets,
Inc., and (ii) 87,252 of which are no longer subject to the
Lock-Up Letter; and

WHEREAS,
KCG desires that KSH sell, and GA-GTCO desires to purchase, the
shares of Bats Common Stock, in each case upon the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

NOW
THEREFORE, the parties hereby agree as follows:

AGREEMENT
:

Section 1.
Purchase and Sale .

(a)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, GA-GTCO
hereby agrees to sell, convey, transfer and deliver to KCG, and KCG
hereby agrees to purchase from GA-GTCO, (i) 18,709,027 shares
of KCG Common Stock (the “ Transferred KCG Shares
”) for

 

-1-


 


 


an
aggregate purchase price of $255,004,038.01 and (ii) 8,094,683
KCG Warrants, consisting of (A) 2,698,228 Class A
Warrants, (B) 2,698,228 Class B Warrants and
(B) 2,698,227 Class C Warrants (the “ Transferred KCG
Warrants ”) for an aggregate purchase price of
$22,000,000, allocated $7,333,334.24 to the Class A Warrants,
$7,333,334.24 to the Class B Warrants and $7,333,331.52 to the
Class C Warrants.

(b)
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, KCG hereby
agrees to cause KSH to sell, convey, transfer and deliver to
GA-GTCO, and GA-GTCO hereby agrees to purchase from KSH,
(i) 8,202,124 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the
Transferred KCG Shares and (ii) 707,623 shares of Bats Common
Stock in respect of the Transferred KCG Warrants, allocated 235,875
shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the Class A
Warrants, 235,875 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the
Class B Warrants and 235,873 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect
of the Class C Warrants.

Section 2.
Closing . The purchases and sales of the securities
described in Section 1 of this Agreement shall be consummated
as follows:

(a) As
soon as reasonably practicable after the date hereof, but in no
event earlier than 5:00 p.m. New York time on November 18,
2016 (the “ Initial Closing Date ”):

(i) KCG
shall cause the transfer of 8,815,536 shares of Bats Common Stock
in book-entry form to GA-GTCO (the “ Initial Closing Bats
Shares ”), which shall consist of (A) 8,202,124
shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the Transferred KCG
Shares and (B) 613,412 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect
of the Initial Closing Warrants (as defined below), allocated
204,471 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the Class A
Warrants, 204,471 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the
Class B Warrants and 204,470 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect
of the Class C Warrants;

(ii)
GA-GTCO shall execute and deliver to Morgan Stanley & Co.
LLC and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. a lock-up letter,
substantially in the form attached as Annex A hereto (the “
GA-GTCO Lock-Up Letter ”), with respect to the
8,822,495 shares of Bats Common Stock to be transferred to GA-GTCO
pursuant to this Agreement that are subject to the Lock-Up
Letter;

(iii)
GA-GTCO shall execute and deliver to Bats an instrument of
adherence, substantially in the form attached as Annex B hereto, to
the Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2014,
by and among Bats, KSH and the other Bats stockholders party
thereto (the “ Investor Rights Agreement ”), and
KCG shall cause such instrument of adherence to be acknowledged,
accepted and agreed by Bats;

(iv)
Pursuant to the Investor Rights Agreement, KSH shall give Bats
written notice of the name and address of GA-GTCO and the number
and type of Bats Common Stock being transferred to GA-GTCO;
and

(v) The
purchase price in respect of the Initial Closing Bats Shares shall
become payable simultaneously with the receipt by GA-GTCO of such
shares. Such purchase price shall be offset by the purchase price
payable by KCG to GA-GTCO in respect of the Transferred KCG Shares
and Initial Closing Warrants transferred on the Initial Closing
Date pursuant to Section 2(b) and accordingly, no cash will be
payable by either KCG or GA-GTCO on the Initial Closing
Date.

 

-2-


 


 


(b)
Following the transfer of Initial Closing Bats Shares pursuant to
Section 2(a), on the Initial Closing Date:

(i)
GA-GTCO shall deliver to the Transfer Agent the certificates
evidencing the Transferred KCG Shares, duly endorsed for transfer
to KCG’s order or accompanied by stock powers or other
appropriate instruments of transfer duly executed to KCG’s
order and, to the extent required by the Transfer Agent, guaranteed
by a member of a recognized guarantee medallion program at a
guarantee level satisfactory to the Warrant Agent;

(ii)
GA-GTCO shall deliver to the Warrant Agent the certificates (the
“ Warrant Certificates ”) evidencing 7,016,979
KCG Warrants, consisting of (A) 2,338,997 Class A
Warrants, (B) 2,338,997 Class B Warrants and
(C) 2,338,985 Class C Warrants (the “ Initial Closing
Warrants ”), accompanied by stock powers or other
appropriate instruments of transfer duly executed to KCG’s
order and, to the extent required by the Warrant Agent, guaranteed
by a member of a recognized guarantee medallion program at a
guarantee level satisfactory to the Warrant Agent;

(iii) KCG
shall instruct the Warrant Agent to deliver to GA-GTCO certificates
evidencing any KCG Warrants represented by the Warrant Certificates
that do not constitute Initial Closing Warrants; and

(iv) The
purchase price in respect of the Transferred KCG Shares and the
Initial Closing Warrants shall become payable simultaneously with
the receipt by KCG of such shares and warrants. Such purchase price
shall be offset by the purchase price payable to GA-GTCO in respect
of the Initial Closing Bats Shares transferred on the Initial
Closing Date pursuant to Section 2(a) and accordingly, no cash
will be payable by either KCG or GA-GTCO on the Initial Closing
Date.

(c) On
January 3, 2017, or such later date upon which KCG and GA-GTCO
may agree (the “ Subsequent Closing Date ”),
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Section 6 of this Agreement:

(i)
GA-GTCO shall deliver to the Warrant Agent the certificates
evidencing 1,077,704 KCG Warrants, consisting of (A) 359,231
Class A Warrants, (B) 359,231 Class B Warrants and
(C) 359,242 Class C Warrants (the “ Subsequent
Closing Warrants ”), accompanied by stock powers or other
appropriate instruments of transfer duly executed to KCG’s
order and, to the extent required by the Warrant Agent, guaranteed
by a member of a recognized guarantee medallion program at a
guarantee level satisfactory to the Warrant Agent;

 

-3-


 


 


(ii) KCG
shall cause the transfer of 47,716 shares of Bats Common Stock, in
book-entry form to GA-GTCO (the “ Subsequent Closing Bats
Shares ”) in respect of the Subsequent Closing Warrants,
which is equal to 94,211 shares of Bats Common Stock, less
46,495 shares of Bats Common Stock payable by GA-GTCO to KCG in
respect of certain fees related to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement, such Subsequent Closing Bats Shares allocated
15,905 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the Class A
Warrants, 15,906 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect of the
Class B Warrants and 15,905 shares of Bats Common Stock in respect
of the Class C Warrants; and

(iii) The
purchase price in respect of the Subsequent Closing Warrants shall
become payable simultaneously with the receipt by KCG of such
warrants, and the purchase price in respect of the Subsequent
Closing Bats Shares shall become payable simultaneously with the
receipt by Bats of such shares. Each such purchase price shall be
offset against the other, and accordingly, no cash will be payable
by either KCG or GA-GTCO on the Subsequent Closing Date.

Section 3.
Representations and Warranties of KCG . KCG hereby
represents and warrants to GA-GTCO as of the date hereof, as of the
Initial Closing Date and as of the Subsequent Closing Date as
follows:

(a) Due
Organization . KCG is a corporation duly organized, validly
existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware. KCG has all requisite power and authority to carry on its
business as and where it is now being conducted and to own, lease
and operate its properties and assets and is duly qualified and in
good standing (to the extent applicable) in each jurisdiction where
the ownership or operation of its assets or the conduct of its
business requires such qualification.

(b)
Capacity; Execution and Delivery, Etc. KCG, having full
legal capacity to do so, has duly executed and delivered this
Agreement and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and
binding obligation of KCG, enforceable against KCG in accordance
with its terms. Neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement
by KCG, nor the fulfillment of or compliance with the terms and
provisions of this Agreement by KCG, will violate or conflict with
the organizational documents of KCG, the terms of any material
agreement, instrument, judgment, decree or statute to which KCG or
any of its subsidiaries is subject or any applicable law. No
consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any
governmental entity are necessary on the part of KCG or any of its
subsidiaries in connection with the execution and delivery by KCG
of this Agreement or the consummation by KCG of the transactions
contemplated hereby.

(c)
Title to Securities . KSH, a wholly owned subsidiary of KCG,
is the legal and record owner of the shares of Bats Common Stock
being sold by KCG hereunder, and has good title thereto, free and
clear of any claim, lien, pledge, option, charge, security interest
or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever, including without
limitation any agreements restricting the transferability of such
shares of Bats Common Stock (other than the Lock-Up Letter) but
excluding any securities law legend appearing on such shares of
Bats Common Stock (collectively, “ Bats Encumbrances
”), and will transfer such good title to GA-GTCO, free and
clear of any Bats Encumbrance.

 

-4-


 


 


(d)
Adequate Surplus . KCG has adequate surplus capital or other
available funds to effect the purchase of the Transferred KCG
Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.

(e)
Indenture . On January 1, 2017, pursuant to
Section 4.07(b)(5) of the indenture, dated as of
March 13, 2015 (the “ Indenture ”),
among KCG, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York
Mellon, KCG will have an additional $15,000,000 of capacity (the
“ Additional Capacity ”) to purchase shares of
KCG Common Stock and KCG Warrants.

Section 4.
Representations of GA-GTCO . GA-GTCO hereby represents and
warrants to KCG as of the date hereof, as of the Initial Closing
Date and as of the Subsequent Closing Date as follows:

(a) Due
Organization . GA-GTCO is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of Delaware. GA-GTCO has all requisite power and
authority to carry on its business as and where it is now being
conducted and to own, lease and operate its properties and assets
and is duly qualified and in good standing (to the extent
applicable) in each jurisdiction where the ownership or operation
of its assets or the conduct of its business requires such
qualification.

(b)
Capacity; Execution and Delivery


 








 




















About Us | Virtu Financial
















Skip to Content













Market Making




                                            Client Market Making
                                        




                                            Customized Liquidity
                                        





Trading Solutions




                                            Algorithmic Trading
                                        




                                            Institutional Trading
                                        




                                            ETF Trading
                                        





Trading Venues




                                            Virtu BondPoint
                                        




                                            Virtu MatchIt
                                        





Careers




                                            Our Culture
                                        




                                            Open Positions
                                        




                                            Internships
                                        





About Us




                                            History
                                        




                                            Transparency
                                        




                                            Media
                                        




                                            Virtu Investors
                                        




Contact










About Us




 



		A Global Leader in Market Making and Execution Services


		We are a leading financial firm that leverages cutting edge technology to deliver liquidity to the global markets and innovative, transparent trading solutions to our clients.

		We combine our market structure expertise and execution technology to provide deep liquidity and competitive bids and offers in over 19,000 securities, at over 235 venues and unrivaled execution technology to our clients, while creating more efficient and stable markets worldwide.

		We strongly believe that transparency enables market participants to make better, more informed decisions while making markets more efficient. We strictly adhere to our core set of client values with each and every trade: Transparency, Reliability & Virtue.

	 




			Transparency

			Transparency not only enables clients to make better decisions, but also makes markets more efficient.




			Reliability

			We provide our clients with exceptional service and access to the most innovative trading solutions in the industry.




			Virtue

			Honesty and integrity are at the core of who we are. We uphold the highest ethical standard in all we do.



	 


		Virtu's corporate headquarters is located in New York with trade floors and development groups in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information on Virtu's locations and contacting us, click here.

 
 



Copyright ©
                  2017
Virtu Financial. All rights reserved.
                



                                Virtu-Investors
                            



                                Operating Business Subsidiaries
                            



                                Global Disclosures & Regulatory Reporting
                            



                                Business Continuity Plan
                            



                                Modern Slavery Statement
                            














