 

Executive Officers | Nordson Corporation






































Nordson Corporation



Global Directory
        |
    
        Languages





NASDAQ $123.98   +0.14















Home


Our Company


About Us


                    Executive Officers
                







Executive Officers


Michael F. Hilton 
President and Chief Executive Officer
Mike Hilton is President and Chief Executive Officer of Nordson Corporation.  Since joining Nordson in 2010, Mr. Hilton has led the company to record sales and earnings results through a deepened focus on innovative new products, emerging markets, continuous improvement and strategic acquisitions.


Prior to joining Nordson, Mr. Hilton spent 33 years at Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (NYSE: APD), in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility.  Immediately before joining Nordson, Mr. Hilton served as Senior Vice President and General Manager with specific responsibility for leading Air Products’ global electronics and performance materials segment.  He was also responsible for leading the company’s environment, health and safety, continuous improvement and customer engagement organizations, and he served as a member of the company’s corporate executive committee.


Mr. Hilton serves on the board of directors of Ryder System Inc. (NYSE: R); Lincoln Electric (Nasdaq: LECO); the board of trustees and the executive council of the Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation (MAPI); the board of MAGNET (Manufacturing Advocacy and Growth Network); and the board of Friends of Breakthrough Schools.   He is also a board member of the Nordson Corporation Foundation and is active in United Way and a variety of other charitable endeavors.   He also is the chair of the Ohio Federation of Independent Colleges (OFIC) 2015-16 Statewide Campaign.


Mr. Hilton holds a B.S. in chemical engineering and an MBA from Lehigh University.

 

Gregory A. Thaxton
Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Gregory Thaxton (Greg) is Corporate Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Nordson Corporation, reporting directly to Nordson President and CEO Michael F. Hilton.

In this position, Mr. Thaxton oversees the corporate accounting and reporting, tax, treasury, internal audit and investor relations functions. Prior to being named Corporate Senior Vice President in November 2011, Thaxton was previously elected as a Nordson Corporate Vice President in 2007.  He became a part of the executive leadership team in February 2006 when he was named Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Previously, Mr. Thaxton served as group controller for the Pacific South Division and the Finishing and Coating Systems segment, as well as the Automotive Systems and UV Curing Systems businesses. Mr. Thaxton joined Nordson in 1989.

Mr. Thaxton, a certified public accountant, holds a bachelor's degree in accounting from Miami University and a master's degree in business administration from Baldwin-Wallace College.  He is a board member of Lorain County Community College Foundation.  In addition, he is a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA), the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants, the MAPI CFO Council, and the National Investor Relations Institute (NIRI).



John J. Keane
Senior Vice President

John Keane is senior vice president of Nordson Corporation, with extensive experience within all three of the company's global operating segments.  His current duties include the continued integration and optimization of acquired polymer processing product lines within the company's Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment 
Mr. Keane joined Nordson in 1992 as a project engineer in the converting product line. In 1997, he became engineering manager for the packaging and product assembly product lines and in 2000 was appointed to the position of vice president with responsibility for global engineering and marketing. 

In 2003, Mr. Keane was appointed a corporate vice president with responsibility for the Finishing and Coating Systems segment (now Industrial Coating Systems). In this position, he directed worldwide sales, marketing, engineering and manufacturing functions for the container coating, powder coating and liquid finishing businesses. In 2005, Mr. Keane was appointed senior vice president with responsibility for the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment. On January 30, 2009 Mr. Keane moved to the Advanced Technology Systems segment where he led Nordson’s ASYMTEK, MARCH, and YESTECH businesses. Keane was appointed to lead the entire Advanced Technology Systems segment in December 2009 and continued in that role until 2014. 

Mr. Keane holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and attended the Harvard Business School’s advanced management program.

 

James E. DeVries
Vice President, Global Continuous Improvement

James E. DeVries (Jim) was named a Corporate Vice President and Executive Officer of Nordson Corporation in November 2011.  DeVries serves as Nordson’s Vice President, Global Continuous Improvement, reporting directly to Nordson President and CEO Michael F. Hilton.  Mr. DeVries’ current responsibilities include leadership of a global team tasked with setting productivity goals, defining key metrics, ensuring overall process consistency across the company, and leading large enterprise step-change projects.  

Prior to being named Vice President of Global Continuous Improvement in October 2010, Mr. DeVries held a variety of operational and engineering positions with increasing responsibilities during his 25 year career at Nordson.  As Adhesive Dispensing Systems Vice President, North America and China Engineering & Operations, he was responsible for two Nordson facilities being selected as winners in IndustryWeek magazine’s prestigious Best Plants competition.  Nordson’s plants were recognized for excellence in operational improvements, agile production systems, supplier partnerships, customer focus, employee empowerment, quality systems, management practices, proactive environmental and safety practices, and manufacturing capability.   Mr. DeVries also previously served as Vice President of Adhesives Dispensing Systems’ nonwovens product line and as a systems engineering manager.  

He began his Nordson career in 1985 as an engineer in the company’s Industrial Coating Systems segment.  Mr. DeVries earned an MBA from Baldwin Wallace College and a BS degree in Mechanical Engineering from Cleveland State University.



Gregory P. Merk
Senior Vice President

Gregory P. Merk (Greg) is a senior vice president of Nordson Corporation, with global responsibility for the Packaging, Nonwovens, Product Assembly and Web Coating product lines within the Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment.  

Prior to beginning his current role in 2013, Mr. Merk served as vice president of the Pacific South Division,  overseeing Nordson’s subsidiary operations and distributor activities in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. From 2000 to 2006, Greg served as general manager of Nordson do Brasil/Latin South America. Before being named general manager, he was a regional manager in the Adhesives systems business in Latin America. He began his career at Nordson in 1994 as a product specialist with the company’s Japanese subsidiary, Nordson K.K.

Mr. Merk holds a bachelor’s degree in finance from the State University of New York.
 

Stephen P. Lovass
Vice President
Stephen Lovass joined Nordson in November of 2016 as Corporate Vice President, with global responsibility for the company’s Industrial Coating Systems business segment, which includes the Container Coating, Powder Coating, Liquid Finishing and Automotive Assembly product lines. In this capacity, he directs the sales and marketing, product development, application engineering, manufacturing and product line management functions. 
Prior to joining Nordson, Mr. Lovass served as president for one of the global sensors and controls businesses at Danaher Corporation, a $21 billion Fortune 200 diversified science and technology company. He holds an MBA degree from the University of Michigan, a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Melbourne (Australia), and the Australian equivalent of the Certified Public Accountant designation. 




Shelly M. Peet
Vice President, Human Resources
Shelly M. Peet is vice president, human resources, of Nordson Corporation. 

Ms. Peet joined Nordson in September 2003 from TRW Inc. She holds a bachelor’s degree in physics from Wittenberg University and bachelor’s and master’s degrees in systems engineering from Case Western Reserve University.



Robert E. Veillette
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
Robert E. Veillette (Bob) is vice president, general counsel and secretary of Nordson Corporation.  Mr.
Veillette leads the corporate law department, which includes both the general and intellectual property law functions.  He also serves as corporate secretary.

Mr. Veillette joined Nordson’s legal department in 1985 as an attorney. He holds a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of Pittsburgh and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Akron.



Jeffrey A. Pembroke
Vice President

Jeff Pembroke leads the fluid management product lines of Nordson’s Advanced Technology Systems segment, including Nordson EFD and Nordson MEDICAL. 

Mr. Pembroke joined Nordson in 2005 as vice president of sales and marketing for the company's Industrial Coating & Automotive Systems segment. In 2006, he moved to Nordson’s Adhesive Dispensing Systems segment where he served as vice president of sales and marketing with global responsibilities. In 2009 he was promoted to President of Nordson EFD. 

Prior to joining Nordson, Jeff spent 16 years at General Electric, starting as a financial analyst before serving in several sales and marketing assignments with increasing responsibility including director of commercial operations for GE Advanced Materials for the Americas. 
Jeff holds a B.S. degree from the University of New Hampshire’s Whittemore School of Business and Economics and is a graduate of GE's Financial Management Program (FMP).
 
 
Joe Stockunas
Vice President

Joe Stockunas joined Nordson in 2013 as Group Vice President for electronic systems product lines within the Advanced Technology Systems segment. He has global responsibility for the Nordson ASYMTEK, DAGE, DIMA, MARCH and YESTECH organizations. 

Mr. Stockunas came to Nordson after 30 years at Air Products & Chemicals Inc. (NYSE: APD), a leading provider of atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, performance materials, equipment, and services to a variety of end markets worldwide. Most recently, he served as Air Products' Global Business Director, Electronics Materials with profit and loss responsibility for a multi-million dollar business supplying high purity gases and chemicals to the global electronics industry. Mr. Stockunas holds a Bachelor of Science degree in metallurgy and materials engineering from Lehigh University. 
 
 

 
 




In This Section


Our Company

About Us

Executive Officers
History
Philosophy and Values
Nordson Business System
Sustainability
Corporate Headquarters
Nordson Fellowship of Distinguished Inventors



Investors


Corporate Governance


Ethics and Responsibility


News Room


Careers


Community


Events


Literature


Contact Us


Support


Suppliers


Resources



















John J. Keane – People - US Forest Service Research & Development





































 




Forest Service Home
About the Agency
Contact the National Office

 





Search





Advanced search



 

US Forest Service Research & Development


Home
Publications & Products
Research Topics
Priority Areas
Experimental Forests & Ranges
Partnerships
People
Locations
About R&D
National Genomics Center for Wildlife & Fish Conservation
Urban Forest Connections Webinar  

Contact Information


US Forest Service Research & Development
1400 Independence Ave., SW
Washington, D.C. 20250-0003	
800-832-1355

 

 



You are here: Home / People / Profile
Profile

R&D Affiliations

Pacific Southwest Research StationConservation of Biodiversity Program

 



John J. KeaneEcologist1731 Research Park
Davis
California
United States
95618

Phone: 530-759-1704
Contact John J. Keane

Research
Education & Experience
Publications & Products
Current Research
With my research colleagues we investigate questions concerning habitat relationships, demography, interspecific interactions, and the environmental and physical factors that determine the distribution and abundance of animal species and assemblages. This basic knowledge of natural history provides the ecological context for assessing the effects of anthropogenic influences, ranging from site-specific to ecoregional spatial scales. In turn this information contributes to ecoregional assessments and planning efforts requiring knowledge of management, conservation, and restoration priorities. In recent years I have focused on assessing vulnerability risk across the vertebrate species assemblage in the Sierra Nevada ecoregion, conducting studies of raptors (i.e., hawks, owls, falcons, eagles, vultures), both in the Sierra Nevada and across California, and on the development of ecoregional management and monitoring plans for the Sierra Nevada. Our research on Sierran vertebrate assemblages has focused on development of methods using information on population size, trend, distribution, range change, habitat associations, and other life history characteristics to assess the vulnerability of species to future population decline and extinction risk. The goal of this work is to provide objective and defensible methods for prioritizing species for conservation, research, and monitoring. Raptor studies are focused on the status, distribution, migration, habitat relationships, demography, population trends, monitoring, and response to management of species across California, with particular emphasis on California spotted owls and northern goshawks. In addition to basic and applied research in these topic areas, I am also interested in the development of integrative, multi-disciplinary ecoregional assessments and in the development and testing of monitoring designs to assess the effects of management.
Research Interests
My research interests are focused on the ecology, conservation, and management of species and systems.


Education

University of California, Ph.D. Ecology  1999
University of California, M.S. Wildland Resources Science  1991
San Francisco State University, B.S. Zoology  1986



Publications

Tempel, Douglas J.; Keane, John J.; Gutierrez, R. J.; Wolfe, Jared D.; Jones, Gavin M.; Koltunov, Alexander; Ramirez, Carlos M.; Berigan, William J.; Gallagher, Claire V.; Munton, Thomas E.; Shaklee, Paula A.; Whitmore, Sheila A.; Peery, M. Zachariah.  2016. Meta-Analysis Of California Spotted Owl (Strix Occidentalis Occidentalis) Territory Occupancy In The Sierra Nevada: Habitat Associations And Their Implications For Forest Management.
Hessburg, Paul F.; Spies, Thomas A.; Perry, David A.; Skinner, Carl N.; Taylor, Alan H.; Brown, Peter M.; Stephens, Scott L.; Larson, Andrew J.; Churchill, Derek J.; Povak, Nicholas A.; Singleton, Peter H.; McComb, Brenda; Zielinski, William J.; Collins, Brandon M.; Salter, R. Brion; Keane, John J.; Franklin, Jerry F.; Riegel, Greg.  2016. Tamm Review: Management Of Mixed-Severity Fire Regime Forests In Oregon, Washington, And Northern California.
Stephens, Scott L.; Miller, Jay D.; Collins, Brandon M.; North, Malcolm P.; Keane, John J.; Roberts, Susan L.  2016. Wildfire Impacts On California Spotted Owl Nesting Habitat In The Sierra Nevada.
Wu, Joanna X.; Siegel, Rodney B.; Loffland, Helen L.; Tingley, Morgan W.; Stock, Sarah L.; Roberts, Kevin N.; Keane, John J.; Medley, Joseph R.; Bridgman, Roy; Stermer, Chris.  2015. Diversity Of Great Gray Owl Nest Sites And Nesting Habitats In California.
Carlson, Jennifer E.; Piirto, Douglas D.; Keane, John J.; Gill, Samantha J.  2015. Estimating Site Occupancy And Detection Probabilities For Cooper'S And Sharp-Shinned Hawks In The Southern Sierra Nevada.
Hull, Joshua; Englis , Andrew, Jr..; Medley, Joseph R.; Jepsen, Eric P.; Duncan, James R.; Ernest, Holly B.; Keane, John J.  2014. A New Subspecies Of Great Gray Owl (Strix Nebulosa) In The Sierra Nevada Of California, U.S.A..
Stephens, Scott L.; Bigelow, Seth W.; Burnett, Ryan D.; Collins, Brandon M.; Gallagher, Claire. V.; Keane, John; Kelt, Douglas A.; North, Malcolm P.; Roberts, Lance J.; Stine, Peter A.; Van Vuren, Dirk H.  2014. California Spotted Owl, Songbird, And Small Mammal Responses To Landscape Fuel Treatments.
Keane, John J.  2014. California Spotted Owl: Scientific Considerations For Forest Planning.
North, Malcolm; Collins, Brandon; Keane, John; Long, Jonathan W.; Skinner, Carl; Zielinski, Bill.  2014. Synopsis Of Emergent Approaches.
Conner, Mary M.; Keane, John J.; Gallagher, Claire V.; Jehle, Gretchen; Munton, Thomas E.; Shaklee, Paula A.; Gerrard, Ross A.  2013. Realized Population Change For Long-Term Monitoring: California Spotted Owl Case Study.
Hull, J.M.; Fish, A.M.; Keane, J.J.; Mori, S.R.; Sacks, B.J; Hull, A.C.  2010. Estimation Of Species Identification Error: Implications For Raptor Migration Counts And Trend Estimation.
Blakesley, J.A.; Seamans, M.E.; Connor, M.M.; Franklin, A.B.; White, G.C.; Gutierrez, R.J.; Hines, J.E.; Nichols, J.D.; Munton, T.E.; Shaw, D.W.H.; Keane, J.J.; Steger, G.N.; McDonald, T.L.  2010. Population Dynamics Of The California Spotted Owl In The Sierra Nevada, California.
Hull, J.M.; Keane, J.J.; Savage, W.K.; Godwin, S.A.; Shafer, J.; Jepsen, E.P.; Gerhardt, R.; Stermer, C.; Ernest, H.B.  2010. Range-Wide Genetic Differentiation Among North American Great Gray Owls (Strix Nebulosa) Reveals A Distinct Lineage Limited To The Sierra Nevada, California.
Manley, P.N.; Zielinski, William J.; Stuart, C.M.; Keane, J.J.; Lind, A.J.; Brown, C.; Plymale, B.L.; Napper, C.O.  2000. Monitoring Ecosystems In The Sierra Nevada: The Conceptual Model Foundation.

Last updated on : 03/01/2017 



 

 

 




Contact R&D 
	| Forest Service Home 
	| USDA.gov 
	| recreation.gov

FOIA 
	| Accessibility Statement 
	| Privacy Policy 
	| Non-Discrimination Statement 
	| Information Quality 
	| USA.gov | White House

 

 







Employee Directory - Northern Research Station




















              	U.S. Forest Service
            









  
 United States Department of Agriculture 
 Forest Service 
 Northern Research Station 
  










  Forest Service Home 
  About the Agency 
  Contact the National Office 












Home
Scientists & Staff

Northern Research Station Directory

Look up staff members by entering the employee's last name; or research work unit number (e.g., 1,2,3...15) or Staff (i.e., AQM, BUD, CIO, CSD, ENG, HCM, SPF); or location (e.g., Amherst, Burlington, Columbia, Evanston, Grand Rapids, Houghton, Lansing, Rhinelander, St. Paul, West Lafayette) or browse for the entire NRS directory. You may also search for partial names, titles, or locations - such as "Burl" for Burlington or "Newtown" for Newtown Square.


Search


Search






Last modified: Sunday, July 23, 2017











JOHN J KEANE - PHILADELPHIA, PA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



PHILADELPHIA



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            JOHN J KEANE
                                    



 





















J 


JOHN J KEANE
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1126 MAGEE AVE PHILADELPHIA, PA 19111
Get Directions



(215) 742-1124





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $100,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Business Services At Non-commercial Site. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







J

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


















J. Keane Electric




















































Keane John J | Tampa FL | Read Reviews + Get a Free Quote | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
Keane John J?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from Keane John J
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






K







BZ Score:
80







Tampa, FL









Keane John J




this is my business



Contact us






BZ Score:
80







WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 
/


Tampa

 




Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 80 does not rank in the top 50% of Florida contractors.If you are thinking of hiring Keane John J, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where Keane John J Works


Google




Contact




Street Address: 4453 Hidden Shadow Drive, Tampa, FL 33614 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.








Notable Building Permits filed by Keane John J




Sort by:
Notable
Notable
 | 
Date
Date
 | 
Job Value
Job Value














Building Permit



851 Celebration Ave, FL
1999-11-29


Install drywall 


Valuation:

$0



Permit #:

A99-002389



Status:

FINAL



Fee:

$39



Permit Type:

N/A



Building Type:

N/A















Similar Contractors
See more









3314 56th Drive E, Sarasota, FL 34243

(904) 513-9494 ext. 1886


Watkins Contracting LLC
 



License # CBC1256520


Sarasota, FL



5

4
ratings








150

BZ Score


$2.5K
Avg Project 


11
Projects














13719 sewell lane, Hudson, FL 34667

(904) 513-9494 ext. 108


Dutchy, Inc
 



License # CRC1330665


Hudson, FL



5

23
ratings








159

BZ Score


$12K
Avg Project 


7
Projects














1111 N.Bayshore Blvd/unite F3, Clearwater, FL 33759

(904) 513-9494 ext. 101


Florida Construction Specialists, LLC
 



License # CBC017180


Clearwater, FL



4

3
ratings








133

BZ Score


$11.3K
Avg Project 


9
Projects






Featured Result







Keane John J Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for Keane John J. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about Keane John J










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring Keane John J,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





80


Keane John J








150


Watkins Contracting LLC







159


Dutchy, Inc








133


Florida Construction Specialists, LLC






Request a Quote







License info















Unverified License


StatusUnable To Verify


BuildZoom was not able to verify this license with the licensing board









80




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works








Follow this contractor

















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Florida:













Does Keane John J carry a valid contracting license?



If you pay someone to construct a building or a structure, make structural alterations to load bearing walls, or perform services such as plumbing or air conditioning work, that person must have a state contractor's license.











How important is contractor licensing in Florida?



The Florida Construction Industry License Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Prior to receiving their license, Florida contractors are required to prove four years of relevant work experience or education; pass a board examination and prove financial solvency.











Your liability risk when hiring Keane John J



In Florida, licensed contractors with employees are required to carry workers' compensation insurance and attest they have obtained public liability and property damage insurance in the amounts determined by the Board.











Financial recourse when hiring Keane John J



Florida maintains a recovery fund, called the Florida Homeowners' Construction Recovery Fund, which is available to a natural person who has suffered monetary damages by the financial mismanagement or misconduct of a contractor, and who has exhausted all other sources of payment. The Board makes the determination of eligibility for an award. Florida contractors are not required to carry an active bond.











What else should I know before hiring Keane John J



As of 2007, the Florida DBPR began requiring license applicants to submit their fingerprints, which are used to run a criminal background check with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. In addition, they are required to provide a credit report during the license application process to demonstrate financial stability. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Florida Construction Industry License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact Keane John J
We will attempt to deliver your message to Keane John J. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.

































































John J Keane - San Francisco, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John J Keane in San Francisco, CA


John J Keane

                                                                                                   Intelius found that John J Keane  is  between 70 and 80 years old from San Francisco, CA.  We have connected them to
                2 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John J Keane is in his 70s

John Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA

John's Relatives

Dolores Keane







John J Keane



Zodiac SignVirgo



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John J Keane
Get a Criminal Check on John J Keane
Get a Public Record Report on John J Keane
Get a People Search Report on John J Keane


John J Keane's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John J Keane has lived as well as John J Keane's phone numbers and email addresses.




John J Keane Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for John J Keane


1603 H***** S* 

San Francisco, CA


Has Lived In

San Francisco, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John J Keane

(415) ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 
() ***-**** - San Francisco, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John J Keane



Get Email Report




John J Keane's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John J Keane


John J Keane's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John J Keane's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Keane
Username Matches

                  JohnKeane
                  KeaneJohn
                  John.Keane
                  Keane.John
                  John_Keane
                  Keane_John
                  John-Keane
                  Keane-John
                  JKeane
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Keane







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 



John Keane, Senior Vice President
 Photo of, Nordson Corporation | Spoke











































LOGIN



REGISTER








Add Company



Add Person



Add Topic




Login






Or



















Home | People | John Keane


Advanced Search
FAQ




Javascript is disabled












Bio
EDIT













John Keane

, Keane John



Senior Vice President
 Photo of, Nordson Corporation



Add Current Location



Find other people named John Keane




General Info


Add Industry— eg, Real Estate, Finance...



Add Tags— eg, Finance, Business2Business...



John J. Keane
 Senior Vice President
 John Keane is senior vice president of Nordson Corporation, a multinational company with direct operations in 30 countries and more than 3,600 employees worldwide. 
Keane leads the company’s Adhesive Dispensing segment, which includes the Packaging, Product Assembly, Nonwovens, and Web Coating Systems businesses. 
Keane joined Nordson in 1992 as a project engineer in the Converting business. In 1997, he became engineering manager for the Packaging and Product Assembly Systems businesses and in 2000 was appointed to the position of vice president with responsibility for global engineering and marketing. In 2003, Keane was appointed a corporate vice president with responsibility for the Finishing and Coating Systems business. In this position, he directed worldwide sales, marketing, engineering and manufacturing functions for the Container Coating, Powder Coating and Liquid Finishing businesses. Keane was appointed to his current position in October 2005. 
Keane holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and attended the Harvard Business School’s advanced management program.


Not who you're looking for?
Find other John Keanes on Spoke




Contact



Telephone



Email



Background Report



Public Records


powered by





Digital Info



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A









Resume

EDIT
CAREER



Nordson Corporation

Senior Vice President
 Photo of

May-2013




Nordson Corporation

Corporate Vice President With Responsibility

May-2013 to May-2013




Nordson Corporation

Project Engineer

May-2013 to May-2013




Nordson Corporation

Engineering Manager





Nordson Corporation

Vice President With Responsibility For Global Engineering And Marketing





EDUCATION

EDIT

Add a Degree— eg, Bachelors in Business Administration








Blogs By Industry Voices


There are currently no Blogs by Industry Voices





Achievements and Recognition
EDIT


Add an achievement and/or recognition— eg, Man of the year, Forbes 2011...





Notable Links

EDIT


The links below are powered by Bing search results. Click edit to customize.





Videos
EDIT


Add a videofrom youtube or vimeo





EXECUTIVES & FEATURED PEOPLE AT Nordson Corporation








William Madar

President and Chief Executive Officer,









Tom Petredis










Donald McLane

President









John Dillon

Director, Supply Chain Management









Eric Luftig

Marketing Director









Doug Bloomfield

Vice President









Shelly Peet

Vice President









Bruce Fields

Vice President,
Human Resources









Edward Campbell

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer









Jerry Torma

Director, Compensation and International Human Resources
















Created on Dec 21, 2008


by Spoke
 







Edited on Dec 21, 2008


by Spoke
 




PAGE COMPLETION

25%




Summary




Career




Add an Industry



Add a Website or Blog



Add Education



Add a Social Network



Add a Video



Add a Photo



Add 3 Notable Links



Add 3 Achievements



View More


View Less



SHARE THIS PAGE
















Add Page


Add Company
Add Person
Add Topic




Copy this code to embed a widget:



<div id="spoke-root"></div>
<script>(function(d, s, id) {
var js, sjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;
js.src = "//www.spoke.com/assets/widget.js";
sjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, sjs);
}(document, 'script', 'spoke-widget-js'));</script>
    <div class="spoke-widget" data-host="//www.spoke.com" data-type="person" data-id="3e1429c09e597c1000d9e794" data-width="404" data-height="230" data-scroll="no" data-frame-border="none"></div>
    <div style="font-size: 9pt;"><a href="http://www.spoke.com/people/john-keane-3e1429c09e597c1000d9e794">John Keane</a> widget provided by <a href="http://www.spoke.com">Spoke</a></div>




Public Records
Our partner can help you find public records for John.


More on









Some of Spoke's Content Providers








Become a Spoke Content Provider
Learn More


   John Keane | Metropolitan Life Insurance Company | ZoomInfo.com


John Joseph Keane - Atlanta, GA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found John Joseph Keane in Atlanta, GA


John Joseph Keane

                                                                           Intelius found that John Joseph Keane  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Atlanta, GA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

John Joseph Keane is in his 50s

John Has Lived In

Atlanta, GA
Alpharetta, GA
Nashua, NH

John's Relatives

Michele Keane
Shanna Keane







John Joseph Keane



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer at Nordson Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about John? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about John, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on John Joseph Keane
Get a Criminal Check on John Joseph Keane
Get a Public Record Report on John Joseph Keane
Get a People Search Report on John Joseph Keane


John Joseph Keane's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where John Joseph Keane has lived as well as John Joseph Keane's phone numbers and email addresses.




John Joseph Keane Has Lived in 5 States
Georgia Address for John Joseph Keane


5040 W****** B***** D* 

Atlanta, GA


Has Lived In

Atlanta, GA
Alpharetta, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with John Joseph Keane

(716) ***-**** - Chautauqua, NY 
(216) ***-**** - Bay Village, OH 
(440) ***-**** - Westlake, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with John Joseph Keane

j********e@***.com


Get Email Report




John Joseph Keane's Professional Information
Information regarding John Joseph Keane's professional history.  Find out previous places John Joseph Keane has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


John Joseph Keane Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Nordson Corporation
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
John Joseph Keane's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Nordson Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on John Joseph Keane

 See John Joseph Keane's LinkedIn Profile



John Joseph Keane's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for John Joseph Keane


John Joseph Keane's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of John Joseph Keane's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
John Keane
Username Matches

                  JohnKeane
                  KeaneJohn
                  John.Keane
                  Keane.John
                  John_Keane
                  Keane_John
                  John-Keane
                  Keane-John
                  JKeane
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
J Keane







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











