Keen Home×You can now invest in Keen Home.Own a piece of a tech start-up and support our mission to have your home take care of you.*Find out moreMore Comfort.Greater Efficiency.  More Comfort.Greater Efficiency.Room-by-room temperature control and air purification.Watch the video Learn MoreIndividual ComfortHave everyone's room the right temperatureEasy ControlAdjust your hard to reach vents from the appRoom SchedulingDon't pay to heat your kitchen while you're sleepingSolve one problem roomBring over conditioned rooms to the right temperatureSave energy in rooms you don't useorRegulate your whole homeZone your home for a fraction of the priceLike having a thermostat in every roomHow many do I need?Start saving on your monthly energy bill with Smart Vents installed in 2-3 rooms. Target rooms that overshoot your thermostat or rooms that go unused for most of the day.Comfort tailored to every member of the familyEnsure your child's room is always at the right temperature, while your master bedroom is just right for you and your spouse.Automate your homeSmart Vents integrate with the devices you already have for a truly Smart Home. Works with Nest, SmartThings, and Lowe’s Iris, with many more coming soon.Only condition the rooms you useHeat and cool the rooms that are occupied, and reduce airflow to those that aren’t.Reduce your energy billAvoid conditioning your home longer than you need to, or setting your thermostat higher/lower to condition only a handful of rooms.Start living more comfortablyFinally, the perfect temperature for any room with smart room-by-room temperature control.Learn More Smart Vent | Keen HomeSmart VentSmart FilterSmart Vent Tech SpecsSmart Vent|Smart Filter|Smart Vent Tech SpecsBe comfortable. Save energy.The Smart Vent System was designed to increase comfort and reduce energy costs by regulating your home’s temperature room-by-room.Ships August 2017. Increase ComfortSmart Vents let you customize the temperature of individual rooms and eliminate those pesky hot and cold spots.Decrease EnergyRoom-by-room zoning can reduce energy usage and costs by up to 30%.On average, homes have two to four rooms that are too hot or too cold.Install Smart Vents in over conditioned rooms and rooms that are unused for large portions of the day to intelligently distribute airflow in your home.Smart Vent TechnologySmart Vents connect to the Internet and to each other. Control how much air reaches each room of your house to balance energy usage and comfort.Temperature TrackingAn embedded temperature sensor tracks air and duct temperature.Quiet OperationOur novel louver system ensures quiet operation and enables variable airflow occlusion.Battery LifeAdvanced control algorithms enhance battery life, extending it for years. Four AA batteries are included.WirelessA 802.15.4 radio in every Smart Vent creates a robust, low power network that conserves battery life while still enhancing wireless range.Air vents should be beautiful too.Interchangeable faceplates turn your air vents into works of art by bringing beauty and elegance to a long forsaken system of the home. Our faceplates magnetically clip to your Smart Vent for easy removal, installation, and cleaning.Our Herringbone faceplate in white is made of tempered steel reinforced polycarbonate that can support up to 600 lbs of direct pressure. More faceplate designs and styles coming soon.Breathe Easy with Keen Home Smart Filters™Finally, a better way to purify the air in your entire home without costly stand-alone units or impractical sprays. Protect your home and family from allergens, germs, and other air pollutants with the Keen Home Smart Filter.Our Smart Filter easily clips into your Smart Vent’s removable faceplate to provide air purification and odor neutralization for your whole home.Learn MoreSmart devices work togetherKeen Home’s products work together to seamlessly enhance your home’s core systems. The Keen Home Smart Bridge enables Smart Vent control with the Keen Home smartphone app.Throughout 2016, we will announce many more exciting product integrations (and perhaps a few new products as well).Control your Smart Vent SystemManual ModeControl how much air reaches each room of the house to balance energy usage and comfort.Balance ModeSet each room to a desired comfort level.Integrated HomeConnect to a smart thermostat to make your system even more intelligent.Control your Smart Vent SystemManual ModeControl how much air reaches each room of the house to balance energy usage and comfort.Balance ModeSet each room to a desired comfort level.Integrated HomeConnect to a smart thermostat to make it even more intelligent.Connect your Smart Vent SystemThe Keen Home Smart Bridge completes your system by connecting your Smart Vents to the Internet.Cloud IntegrationThe Smart Bridge connects to the cloud to enable control of your Smart Vents and other devicesRepeater ModeA second or third Smart Bridge can serve as a "repeater" to enhance a Smart Vent’s wireless signal in larger homesSmartphone ControlEnables the use of the Keen Home app for full Smart Vent functionalityEasy Setup1. Remove existing air vent2. Install Smart Vent3. Connect to a Smart Bridge/partner hubEasy Setup1) Remove existing air vent2) Install Smart Vent3) Connect to a Smart Bridge/partner hubBe the first to know!Join the list to know when our Smart Vent System is back in stock! Our best estimate is that it will be available August 2017. Support | Keen HomeFrequently Asked QuestionsKeen Home AppSmart VentSmart BridgeSmart FilterPurchasingShipping & Deliveryecobee Smart ThermostatAbout the appWhat is the app used for?The Keen Home app lets you connect to, control, and monitor your Keen Home devices such as the Smart Vent, Smart Bridge, and upcoming Keen Home Smart Filter, as well as partner devices such as the Nest Learning Thermostat.What can I do with the app?With the Keen Home app you can:Analyze your home to determine the right number of Smart Vents for comfort and efficiency.Activate your Keen Home Smart Bridge.Add and control Keen Home Smart Vents manually or in Balance mode (Beta).Add a Nest Learning Thermostat.Set occupancy schedules for each room of your home.We wrote a blog post that goes into more detail about what you can do with the app now and what we are working on for the future. Check it out!Is there a demo or walkthrough of the app?There is a demo on both our iOS and Android apps. Simply tap the hamburger icon (the three stacked lines in the top left corner of the app) and tap “Learn More”. Demo mode gives you a comprehensive overview of the Keen Home app and its features. View the video about the demo mode here.Adding devicesHow do I add a Smart Vent?Add a room to associate the Smart Vent with.Either from the Home Controls screen or from within the Room Controls for that room, tap “Add Vent”.Follow the on-screen instructions to add you Smart Vent. We strongly recommend connecting one Smart Vent at a time.A window will pop up with a spinning status wheel. The app is looking for a Smart Vent.Check the circle next to the Smart Vent that appears during the search.How do I add a Smart thermostat?Smart Vents currently integrate with the Nest Learning Thermostat, but we are working on additional smart thermostat integrations for the near future. The instructions below apply to integrating with Nest, but will be similar for other thermostats in the future.Tap “Add Smart Thermostat” in the top right corner of the screen.Follow the onscreen instructions to sign into your Nest account and finish setup.With your Nest Thermostat connected to your Smart Vents, you can control the base temperature of your home and you can switch your Nest Thermostat from Away to Home mode to preheat rooms on your way home from work. When your Smart Vents are set to Balance Mode (beta) while connected to a smart thermostat, they will automatically detect whether your home is being heated or cooled and will use the thermostat’s temperature setting as a base for temperature offset calculations.Controlling Smart VentsWhat is “Manual” mode?Manual mode is the easiest way to fine tune how open or closed your Smart Vents are. Press down on the circle in the middle of each room tile to activate the manual adjustment. Move the slider left or right to change the percent open each Smart Vent in the room should be.To enable Manual Mode, move the slider at the top of the screen to the left.What is “Balance (Beta)” mode?Balance Mode takes manual control to the next level. Instead of controlling each room’s level, our Keen Balancing™ algorithms enable control over relative room temperature.Why is this feature labeled ‘beta’?We are only scratching the surface of how useful this mode can be. For example, we have yet to fully utilize temperature sensors from other devices (such as Ecobee 3) to get a more accurate sense of home and room temperature. In the coming months, Balance mode will enable your Smart Vents to automatically adjust to maintain balance in your home, and to coordinate with each other to drive air to specific rooms. All the while, we will do our best to increase data transparency for users.While Balance Mode is enabled, press down on the circles with ‘OK’ at the center to offset the temperature of a room. Tell your Smart Vent System whether your home is being heated or cooled, or connect your Nest Thermostat to share it automatically. Based on this information, your Smart Vents will automatically know whether to open or close to offset the temperature of the room and make it cooler or warmer.How do I set a schedule for my Smart Vents?From the Home Controls screen, enter your room of choice and then tap 'View Schedule' at the top of the screen. This takes you to your Occupancy Scheduler. From here you can specify days and blocks of time that the room will be occupied and unoccupied. When a room is unoccupied, the Smart Vents in the room will automatically close to 0%. When the room is occupied the Smart Vents in the room will open to the last level you set them to before the schedule executed.What does the ring around the circles in Home Controls and around the Smart Vent icons in Room Controls mean?The rings around the circular Manual and Balance mode controls, as well as the Smart Vent icons in Room Controls describe how open the Smart Vents in a room actually are. The percentage at the center of the circles represents how open you have set the Smart Vents to be in the app.How does my Smart Vent System determine whether my home is being heated or cooled?Smart Vents can track temperature, but unless your Keen Home app is connected to a smart thermostat, we still need you to help us determine if your home is in heating or cooling mode. At the top of the screen, just below the toggle for Manual or Balance mode, you see a menu with three options: Cooling, Off, and Heating. Tap one of these three options to tell your Smart Vents what mode your HVAC is in.TroubleshootingWhat does “Smart Bridge Disconnected” mean?If you see a red banner at the top of your screen that says “Smart Bridge Disconnected”, it means one of three things:Your Smart Bridge is currently unplugged from power.Your Smart Bridge is currently disconnected from your router.There is another error that caused your Smart Bridge to lose its connection with the internet.If your Smart Bridge is plugged into power and connected to the internet but you still see the error message, unplug it, wait two minutes, and then plug it back in. Once your Smart Bridge is powered back on, the message should disappear.Why can’t I set a specific temperature in each room?We’re working on supporting room-level temperature data, but for now Balance mode lets you control how the temperature in a room will be offset to make it either warmer or cooler. We’ll be rolling out updates to Balance mode over time, so expect this feature to keep getting better!I can’t control my Smart Vent! What now?Don’t panic! There may have been a momentary loss of connectivity because of network interference. To get your Smart Vents back online, power cycle it. To do so, just remove the battery pack, wait five seconds, and then replace it. Wait for the vent to go through its initialization cycle and then try to control it again.Smart Vent Video TutorialsHow does it work?How do I measure my vent sizes?How do I install and setup Smart Vents?My Smart Vent is blinking red. What does that mean?Smart Vent TroubleshootingWhat do the LED colors mean?Double blinking green means the Smart Vent is attempting to pair with the Keen Home Smart Bridge or partner hub (like the Iris Smart Hub).Three quick green blinks means the Smart Vent has paired with a bridge or partner hub.Double blinking yellow means the Smart Vent is attempting to rejoin an already paired network.Double blinking white means a Smart Vent is being identified.Purple means Smart Vent activityDouble blinking red means there is an obstruction. Check to see if something is obstructing the movement of the metal vanes. Clear the obstruction (you can move the vanes with the manual lever), remove the battery cartridge and replace it.How do I reset my Smart Vents?Unjoining from a bridge or hubPress the black button on the back inside of the Smart Vent battery compartment five times. You will know that the Smart Vent has been properly reset when the LED starts double blinking green.Hard reset (in app)Simply remove a Smart Vent from within the Keen Home, Lowe’s IRIS, or SmartThings apps to reset it.Soft reset (to resolve an obstruction)Press down the battery release lever and fully remove the battery cartridge. Reinsert the battery cartridge to restart the Smart Vent. It will calibrate before returning to normal.My Smart Vent is blinking red. What does that mean?If your Smart Vent LED is flashing red, it has encountered an obstruction. Clear the obstruction, remove your Smart Vent's battery pack, and replace it. It should stop blinking red after that.My Smart Vent was working before I tried to pair it with my hub, but now it is unresponsive. What happened?To reset your Smart Vent, remove the battery pack, and press the black button on the back of the Smart Vent three times to clear the capacitors.I can’t control my Smart Vent! What now?Don’t panic! There may have been a momentary loss of connectivity because of network interference. To get your Smart Vents back online, power cycle it. To do so, remove the battery pack, press the black button on the back three times, and replace the battery pack. Wait for the vent to go through it's initialization cycle and then try to control it again.I pulled the battery tab but nothing happened. What now?Remove the battery pack, press the black button on the back of the vent three times, pull the batteries with the positive (+ / copper colored) side out just enough such that they stick out by a few millimeters. Reinsert the battery pack and your Smart Vent should start up.My Smart Vent’s louvers don’t close all the way. What now?Remove the battery pack from the battery pack from the Smart Vent, press the black button on the back five times, then reinsert the battery pack. This will trigger the Smart Vent to re-calibrate and fix the issue.I can’t connect my Smart Vent and the LED stopped blinking. What now?Your Smart Vent may have joined your Smart Bridge before we were able to display it in the app. To solve this do the following:Unplug your Smart Bridge.Press the button at the back of your Smart Vent five time rapidly to get it double blinking green again.Once you have verified that your Smart Vent is double blinking green, remove the battery cartridge.Plug your Smart Bridge back in and power it on.Tap “Add Smart Vent.”As soon the app starts searching for a Smart Vent, put the battery cartridge back into the Smart Vent to power it on.Your Smart Vent will appear in the app so you can add it to your system.My Smart Vent isn't responding! I don't see any blinking or anything. What now?If a Smart Vent is showing no activity (no lights or movement) upon installing the battery, or you notice the vent has become unresponsive to the app without any lights, the batteries may need to be reseated.Remove the battery pack from the Smart Vent.Position the battery pack so that the cells are facing you.Pull the two batteries where the copper end (+) is sticking out a small amount but not so much that they become loose or feel like they will fall out of the pack.Push on the two batteries where the (-) is facing out until they hit the bottom wall.Reinstall the battery back in the Smart Vent.The Smart Vent should go into self calibration; closing, opening and then double blinking green. It will triple blink green followed by no lights upon joining or rejoining the network.Smart Vent BasicsWhat’s RequiredA high-speed internet connection such as DSL, Cable, Fiber, or Satellite.A smartphone (iOS 7.0+ or Android 4.4+).A forced air central heating or cooling system.A Connected Home Bridge/Hub from Keen Home, Lowe’s Iris, or SmartThings.How does it work?The Smart Vent is intended for use in rooms that are too cool in the summer or too warm in the winter, or in rooms that go unused for large portions of the day.The Smart Vent dampens airflow to over-conditioned rooms and redirects it to rooms that need more cool or warm air. Smart Vents do not produce air on their own and do not have integrated fans.How do I install Smart Vents?What you'll need:ScrewdriverStool (for ceiling vents)Plug your bridge/hub into your home router.Still need a bridge or hub?Launch the app associated with your hub or bridge and follow the on-screen setup instructions.Remove the magnetic faceplate and pull the removeable green arrow tab to activate your Smart Vents. The Smart Vents will double blink green to indicate it is on and ready to pair with your hub.Remove the existing floor, wall, or ceiling vent register where you want to install your Smart Vents.Insert your Smart Vents in place of your old vent register and align the ceiling mounting clips included with the Smart Vents faceplate with the screw holes on the vent and in the wall.Secure your Smart Vents using the two included screws if required.Where should I install them?Smart Vents work best when installed in rooms that go unused for large portions of the day or receive more hot or cold air than they need. Rooms that are too cold in the summer and too warm in the winter are great places to install Smart Vents.How many do I need?To get the most out of the Smart Vent, we recommend installing a system with at least four vents, or 1/3 of the vents in your home, whichever is greater. You can replace every vent in your home with Smart Vents if you desire ultimate control.Can I replace all of the vents in my home with Smart Vents?Yes you can. We recommend replacing at least 1/3 of the vents in your home with Smart Vents, but if you do replace every vent, be sure to leave at least one Smart Vent open to keep air flowing through your heating and cooling system. If you don't replace every vent in your home with Smart Vents, we suggest leaving your standard vents open at all times.How do I measure my vent sizes?You'll need a screwdriver and measuring tape to start. If your vents are high up or in the ceiling, you may also need a stool or ladder.To measure your vents, first remove your "dumb" vent register, then measure the width and height of the duct opening.What if my current vents are bigger than the Smart Vent sizes you offer?We offer Smart Vent Trim Kits for the following sizes: 6"x14", 4"x14", 10"x10", 8"x10", 8"x12", 8"x14", and 12"x12".Remove your vent.If your air duct looks like this, Trim Kits will work for you without restricting airflow.If your air duct looks like this, Trim Kits won't work for you.How do I install a Trim Kit?Remove your old air vent.Install and secure your Trim Kit over your air duct. Install your Smart Vent into the Trim Kit.How are they powered?Smart Vents come with four AA batteries that only need to be changed every 2 years.Do I need a smart thermostat?You don't need a smart thermostat, but if you have one or are planning to buy one, our Smart Vents may integrate with your device. Keen Home is a Works with Nest partner and ecobee partner. Our Smart Vent also supports thermostats on the SmartThings and Lowe's Iris platforms. Integrations with brands like Honeywell's Lyric are upcoming.How do they work with my thermostat(s)?In homes with programmable or non-programmable thermostats, Smart Vents work with the thermostat(s) in the same way standard vent registers do. The difference is with Smart Vents you have room-by-room control of the overall distribution of air throughout your home.What smart home platforms do they work with?Keen Home Smart Vents work with SmartThings and Lowes Iris, and officially “Works With Nest”. We are constantly working on new partnerships, so more are on the way.Will closing vents harm my heating and cooling system?Closing off a couple vents in your home won’t harm your system, but we don’t recommend closing all of them at the same time. Rule of thumb: always leave at least one vent open at all times.What are faceplates?Faceplates are magnetically attached vent covers that you can easily interchange to match your home’s décor. Our polycarbonate Herringbone faceplates are impact resistant up over 500 lbs, dishwasher safe, and paintable. Our premium wooden faceplates are also easy to clean and are pre-finished.I have a large home, will my Smart Vents have any wireless range issues?Every home is different, but we typically recommend purchasing a second Smart Bridge to act as a signal repeater if you are installing eight or more Smart Vents. When you plug a second or third Smart Bridge into a power outlet, it will relay and amplify your Smart Vents' wireless signals. In order to properly operate in "repeater mode," additional Smart Bridges should not be connected to your home router.How much do the Smart Vents cost?Individual 4"x10" and 4"x12" Smart Vents are $84.99, and 6"x10" and 6"x12" Smart Vents are $89.99. Smart Bridges are $39.99. We are currently accepting pre-orders for Smart Vents, Smart Bridges, and Smart Filters, as well as Smart Vents + Trim Kits that fit larger size duct openings. Pre-orders are available for 15% off MSRP. You can pre-order your Smart Vent System and Smart Filters from our shop.Smart Bridge Video TutorialsHow do I install and setup my Smart Bridge?How do I improve the range of my Smart Bridge?Smart Bridge TroubleshootingWhat do the LED lights mean?There are three LEDs on the Smart Bridge one on top and two on the back. When your Smart Bridge is powered on and working properly, the LED on top will consistently blink green. The LEDs on the back of the Smart Bridge blink green and yellow and indicate that it is connected to ethernet.My activation code isn’t working! What now?We can help you out with that. Contact customer service and provide your activation code and serial number from the product label.What does “Smart Bridge Disconnected” mean?If you see a red banner at the top of your screen that says “Smart Bridge Disconnected,” it means one of three things:Your Smart Bridge is currently unplugged from power.Your Smart Bridge is currently disconnected from your router.There is another error that caused your Smart Bridge to lose its connection with the internet.If your Smart Bridge is plugged into power and connected to the internet but you still see the error message, unplug it, wait two minutes, and then plug it back in. Once your Smart Bridge is powered back on, the message should disappear.How do I reset my Smart Bridge?Unplug the power cable to the Smart Bridge for 30 seconds and plug it back in. You can leave the ethernet cable plugged in while doing this.How do I remove my Smart Bridge from my account and associate it with another?We need to help you with this. Email us at help@keenhome.io for further assistance.How do I add a second Smart Bridge as a signal repeater?To use a Smart Bridge as a repeater, do not connect it to your router. Instead, simply plug the Smart Bridge into a power outlet to turn it on. You will know the Smart Bridge has powered on successfully when you see a blinking green light on the top of it. Once your bridge is powered on, open your Keen Home app and tap "Add Smart Devices" for the appropriate room in your app. Your bridge will appear as a repeater that you can add to your system just as you did your Smart Vents.Smart Bridge BasicsWhat is the Keen Home Smart Bridge?The Keen Home Smart Bridge connects your Smart Vents to the internet. But that’s not all it does. The Smart Bridge also extends the capabilities of Smart Vents, allowing them to connect to other devices like the Nest Learning Thermostat. The Smart Bridge also allows your Smart Vents to receive continuous updates that help make your home more comfortable and more energy efficient over time.Can it act as a ZigBee repeater?It sure can. When you plug a second or third Smart Bridge into a power outlet, it will relay and amplify your Smart Vents' wireless signals. You can even use a Smart Bridge as a repeater on other ZigBee networks, even without Smart Vents. In order to properly operate in "repeater mode," additional Smart Bridges should not be connected to your home router.How many do I need?In most cases, only one Smart Bridge is necessary. For homes with eight or more Smart Vents we recommend second Smart Bridge to act as a signal repeater.Can I use the Keen Home app with another bridge/hub?If you are using one of our partner hubs, you will need to use the partner app to control your Smart Vents. In order to use the Keen Home App to control your Smart Vents, you will need the Keen Home Smart Vents.Smart Filter BasicsHow does it work?The Keen Home Smart Filters purify the air in your home where it matters most: your air vents. They magnetically clip into your Smart Vent's removeable faceplate and last for 90-180, depending on Smart Vent usage. Smart Filters neutralize odors, harmful compounds, and allergens with their electrostatic, antimicrobial mesh and active carbon layer.Can I use it with my old air vents?Keen Home Smart Filters work exclusively with Keen Home Smart Vents.What do they require?Smart Filters require Keen Home Smart Vents with Herringbone faceplates.What sizes are available?Smart Filters come in the same sizes as Smart Vents: 4”x10”, 4”x12”, 6”x10”, and 6”x12”.Smart Filter InstallationHow do I install and set up a Smart Filter?Your Smart Filter magnetically clips into the steel bar in the center of your Smart Vent's Herringbone faceplate.To add your Smart Filters to your Keen Home app, first make sure you have version 1.3.0 or later of the app.Once you have the latest version of the app, tap into a room where you intend to install a Smart Filter. Tap “Add Smart Filter” below the appropriate Smart Vent to finish adding it.How many do I need?We recommend at least two Smart Filters per home, depending on the number of Smart Vents installed. You can add Smart Filters to every Smart Vent in your home, or you can prioritize installing them only in specific rooms where air quality is a concern.How long do Smart Filters last?Smart Filters need to be replaced every 90-180 days, depending on usage. You can purchase one-off replacements or subscribe to Keen Air Care for only $99/year to receive 12 Smart Filters over the course of the year. Keen Air Care will launch in Fall 2016.Effects of Smart FiltersDoes it impact airflow?Smart Filters utilize 3M’s advanced High Airflow Filtration (HAF) technology to ensure air filtration without sacrificing heating or cooling performance.How much does it cost?An individual Smart Filter costs $15 and a Keen Air Care subscription costs $99/year.What is Keen Air Care?Our Smart Filter subscription service. By subscribing to Keen Air Care, you will automatically receive replacement Smart Filters every 90-180 days, depending on Smart Vent usage. Keen Air Care provides you with up to 12 Smart Filters a year and costs only $99/year.When will you make additional sizes?We currently offer Trim Kits along with Smart Vents for 4”x14”, 6”x14”, 8”x10”, 8”x12”, 8”x14”, 10”x10”, and 12”x12” size duct openings.What payment options do I have?You can order a Smart Vent System with a Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and other credit cards. We also accept Paypal, Google Wallet.Why should I make a reservation?Reserving your Smart Vents and Smart Vent System now ensures that you will receive them as soon as they are back in stock. We anticipate delivery this summer.When will I be charged?We will only charge you for your reservation when your order is ready to leave our warehouse.When will I receive my reservation?Reservations will be converted to regular orders and shipped this summer.Is the Smart Vent available internationally?We currently ship Smart Vents anywhere in the US and Canada, but we hope to expand internationally soon!How much does shipping cost?Shipping is calculated based on the weight of an order, starting at $5 for orders shipping within the continental United States, and $10 for orders shipping to Alaska, Hawaii, and Canada.What is your return policy?You can cancel your order for a full refund any time before shipment, no questions asked. If you are not satisfied with your Smart Vents for any reason, you can return them for a full refund within 60 days after purchase. Learn more.ecobee Setup GuideDownload the Setup GuideIntegration BasicsHow does it work?An ecobee3 and ecobee3 room sensors integrated with a Keen Home Smart Vent System gives you ultimate control over comfort and energy usage in your home. Data is shared cloud to cloud between the ecobee3 and Keen Home platforms, allowing your Smart Vents to respond intelligently to temperature limits. The Keen Home app supports multiple ecobee3 thermostats and as many sensors as you need.What does the ecobee integration do?Integrating your ecobee3 with your Smart Vents system gets you three new features in the Keen Home app:Temperature limits: we use data from your ecobee and room sensors to understand your household target temperature and HVAC mode and state. By integrating your ecobee3 and ecobee3 room sensors give you access to a new feature called “Temperature Limit”. With Temperature Limit, you set a target temperature for each room and your Smart Vents will automatically close when that target is reached. This prevents rooms from being overheated and overcooled, and redirects air towards rooms that need it more.Set “hold” temperature: configure your ecobee’s hold temperature right from the Keen Home app. This is useful for pre-heating your home while you are away or cooling down the upstair bedroom before bed in the summer.Multiple thermostats: add multiple ecobee thermostats and an additional “not connected” thermostat zone.Group and assign zones: group rooms by zones and assign the zones to distinct ecobee3 thermostats.If I have an ecobee3, do I still need the Smart Bridge?Yes, a Keen Home Smart Bridge is needed to integrate with ecobee3.What do I need to integrate with ecobee?You need the following to start:A Keen Home Smart BridgeSmart Vents for each room you want to controlAn ecobee3 thermostat or ecobee3 liteAn ecobee3 room sensor for each room that you would like to use Temperature Limit (ecobee3 standard only)Do I need extra ecobee room sensors?Depends on what you want to do. Do you have enough room sensors to cover each room where you have Smart Vents? Rooms that do not have sensors cannot use the Temperature Limit feature.Do the Smart Vents replace my ecobee room sensors?No. Smart Vents detect HVAC duct temperature, which is used to understand HVAC state and safety. Ecobee’s room sensors detect room temperature in relation to wherever they are mounted.Does the Smart Vent “call for heat or AC” to specific rooms?No. The primary difference between our temperature limit and a traditional thermostat zone is that temperature limit will not “call for heat.” In other words, for heating mode, you temperature limit is the maximum temperature your system will allow for the room before your Smart Vents close to dampen airflow to it. This does not change whole-home temperature at your ecobee3.Do I use the ecobee app or the Keen Home app?You use the Keen Home app to manage this integration.Can it support multiple thermostats?Yes, with the ecobee integration, you can add multiple ecobee thermostats. Our app also support an additional “not connected” thermostat zone.Will this integration work with ecobee lite, smart sense or other ecobee thermostats?Your Keen Home Smart Vents will work with your ecobee3 and ecobee lite, but we do not officially support other ecobee thermostat models.Integration SupportHow does temperature limit work?Temperature limit is our new feature that allows you to use your Smart Vents and ecobee3 room sensors like a room-by-room thermostat. When you have a room with a Smart Vent and room sensors, you can set a temperature limit at which the Smart Vent will automatically open or close to prevent overshooting the target temperature. This redirects air to rooms that have not hit their limit and reduces HVAC run time overall. It balances room temperatures and lets each room be treated like an independent zone. In our testing, temperature limit can shift room temperature by 4-8 degrees.The temperature limit looks like it should have closed the vent, but it is open (or vice versa)This is likely due to one or two things:Your HVAC system is off. Smart Vents do not move when your home is not being actively heated or cooled.You have a schedule set that has triggered your vents to be opened or closed.Check the state of your HVAC system and double check you don’t have any schedules set for those vents. That should solve the problem.Which app controls my schedule?Ecobee uses setbacks to save energy by not running the HVAC when you aren’t home. It also has separate temperature setting for bedtime or other “comfort settings.” Since rooms schedules such as the one we use for Smart Vents have to do with room occupancy (not home occupancy like ecobee) the two schedules serve different purposes. We are working on a new feature called “Keen Follow Me” that uses the motion sensors in ecobee room sensors to automatically mark rooms as unoccupied when they are empty.What is the difference between temperature limits and balance mode?Temperature limits let you set temperature thresholds that trigger a response from your Smart Vents when a given limit is reached. Balance mode takes into account how you want airflow distributed throughout your home and coordinates your Smart Vents meet your needs. For example, if it is winter and you tell your Smart Vents to warm your bedroom while in balance mode, the vents in your bedroom would all open to maximize airflow, while all of the other vents in your home would close slightly to drive more air to your bedroom.How do I add my ecobee3 thermostat to the Keen Home app?Go to your connected devices list and tap “Add Device”.Tap “Ecobee Thermostat” in the addable devices list.Follow the on-screen instructions to authenticate your Keen Home account with your ecobee account. We will automatically pull in all information about other ecobees and room sensors in your home.If you have multiple ecobee3s in your home, choose which ones to add to Keen Home.Once your ecobee3 is added, organize the rooms of your home into their appropriate zones in the Keen Home app.How do I add my ecobee3 room sensor to the Keen Home app?We automatically pull your room sensors into the Keen Home app when you authenticate your Keen Home account with your ecobee account. All you have to do is assign each sensor to their appropriate room. To do this, tap on “connected devices” from the left hand menu and select each sensor that does not have a room assigned. Tap on the room field and select the correct room or create a new room.Do my Keen Home room schedules work with my ecobee3 home schedule?Room schedules function differently than home schedules, so for now the schedules you set for rooms in your Keen Home app do not interact with your ecobee3 home schedule. We do plan to leverage room sensor data to inform room schedules in the near future.Why is my room sensor in the Keen Home app showing a different number than the in ecobee app?Ecobee sensors report temperature every 3 minutes or when there is a large change in sensor state. Because of this, the Keen Home app may be a few minutes behind the ecobee app.I’m having trouble adding my ecobee3! What do I do?There are two scenarios in which you may not be able to add your ecobee3 account to the Keen Home app:Your username or password are incorrect. Double check your ecobee login credentials and try again.Your network is down. Try turning your router off and then back on again.If your username and password are correct and your network is working properly but you are still having trouble adding your ecobee3, reach out to our support team at help@keenhome.io.Still Need Help?Email ushelp@keenhome.ioReturns/ExchangesSubmit a RequestQuestions Answered?Pre-order your Smart Vent System today.Pre-order NowShips July 2017. Works with Nest | Keen HomeKeen Home + NestA Match Made in Connected Home HeavenEnhanced Temperature ControlBetter regulate your home's temperature by controlling your Nest Thermostat and Smart Vents from a single app.Connect Your Nest ThermostatGo to your Keen Home app and add your Nest Thermostat. We will make sure to keep you up-to-date on new integration functionality.Greater Comfort & EfficiencySwitch from Auto-Away to Home from the Keen Home app, so each room is the perfect temperature before you return home.Better DataNest shares HVAC state and target temperature information in realtime to give your Smart Vent System insight into how your home heats up or cools down. This data helps your Smart Vents best meet your airflow needs over time.Be the first to know!Join the list to know when our Smart Vent System is back in stock! Our best estimate is that it will be available August 2017. About | Keen HomeComfort starts hereNow your home can start taking care of you.Making the home smarter, more efficient, and comfortable.At Keen Home, we aim to wake up the core but unloved areas of the home by rebuilding them with intelligence and beauty. Your home should be a sanctuary, not another source of stress. By adding intelligence, automation, and beauty to these core areas, you will finally have a home that takes care of you, instead of the other way around.Keen Home Office320 W 37th Street15th FloorNew York, NY 10018contact@keenhome.ioInterested in joining our team?Get Started Press | Keen HomeWelcome to the Press RoomQuick Download Download brand guidelines Download logos + images View brand videoFor all media inquiries, please contact:press@keenhome.ioNewsNovember 24, 2015Keen Home Wants You To Install Its Smart Vents Starting Black FridayRead more February 23, 2015How a College Startup Scored One of the Biggest Wins in 'Shark Tank' HistoryRead more January 6, 2015Best of CES 2015Read more January 9, 2015The 9 Best Ideas from CES 2015Read more November 1, 2015A New Vent Cover Keeps the Temperature Just RightRead more January 8, 2015Direct your heat with the Keen Home Smart VentRead more January 8, 2015Hello Jetsons! 10 Smart Home Gadgets from CESRead more January 10, 20158 Gadgets That Might Make Your Home Smarter Than YouRead more January 14, 2015The Brilliant Air Vents You Never Knew You NeededRead more February 21, 2015The best 'Shark Tank' tech companiesRead more View MorePress ReleasesNov 24, 2015Smart Vent Begins Shipping on Black Friday 2015Read more January 06, 2015Keen Home Unveils Connected Smart Vent at CES 2015Read more Logos837 KBKeen Home Logo EPS11 KBKeen Home Logo PNG836 KBKeen Home Logo EPS11 KBKeen Home Logo PNG1.2 MBKeen Home Logo EPS20 KBKeen Home Logo PNGProduct Images120 KBKeen Home Smart Vent230 KBHerringbone Faceplate143 KBSmart Vent and Faceplate431 KBSmart Vent Starter Kit149 KBKeen Home Smart Bridge403 KBKeen Home App1 MBKeen Home Smart Vent System1.6 MBKeen Home App42 KBKeen Home App LogoView MoreVideosKeen Home Smart Vent SystemExecutive TeamRyan FantRyan has experience as a founder, manager, and consultant for new ventures and Fortune 500 manufacturing and distribution companies. Ryan architects the strategic direction for Keen Home and is an operations expert.Nayeem HussainNayeem has a vast amount of leadership experience across various industries, including finance, real estate, and tech. Nayeem leads Keen Home’s capital raising, business development, and strategic partnerships initiatives.Will McLeodWill is a Mechanical Engineer, product designer, technologist and serial entrepreneur. Will leads Keen Home’s mechatronics engineers, oversees product design efforts, and manages the company’s grant and IP pipelines.More from Keen Homevisit our blog Contact | Keen HomeContact UsOffice320 W 37th Street15th floorNew York, NY 10018contact@keenhome.ioStay Connectedvisit our blogvisit presspress@keenhome.ioJobsopen positionsjobs@keenhome.io 

Keen Home Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 5:55 AM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of Keen Home Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Keen Home Inc. develops home automation products. The company offers Smart Vent, a wirelessly connected air vent that automatically opens and closes to redirect airflow through homes; and Smart Filter that protects homes from allergens, germs, and other air pollutants. Its Smart Vent works with various connected thermostats and smart home platforms. The company also provides a mobile app that enables users to connect to, control, and monitor temperatures in individual rooms. It offers its products online. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in New York, New York.


320 West 37th Street15Th FloorNew York, NY 10018United StatesFounded in 2013



Phone: 814-883-6687

www.keenhome.io







Key Executives for Keen Home Inc.




Mr. Ryan Fant


      	Co-Founder
      








Mr. Hussain Nayeem


      	Co-Founder
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Keen Home Inc. Key Developments

Keen Home Inc. Presents at Virtual Investor Conference, Dec-13-2016 01:15 PM
Dec 7 16
Keen Home Inc. Presents at Virtual Investor Conference, Dec-13-2016 01:15 PM. Speakers: Nyeem Hussain, Co-Founder & CEO, Ryan Fant, Co-Founder.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'boutKIDS, Inc. United States 2000 Concrete, LLC United States 2849 Coconut, LLC United States 3 Day Blinds LLC United States 3-D ImageTek Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Keen Home Inc., please visit www.keenhome.io.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























Smart Vent | Keen HomeSmart VentSmart FilterSmart Vent Tech SpecsSmart Vent|Smart Filter|Smart Vent Tech SpecsBe comfortable. Save energy.The Smart Vent System was designed to increase comfort and reduce energy costs by regulating your home’s temperature room-by-room.Ships August 2017. Increase ComfortSmart Vents let you customize the temperature of individual rooms and eliminate those pesky hot and cold spots.Decrease EnergyRoom-by-room zoning can reduce energy usage and costs by up to 30%.On average, homes have two to four rooms that are too hot or too cold.Install Smart Vents in over conditioned rooms and rooms that are unused for large portions of the day to intelligently distribute airflow in your home.Smart Vent TechnologySmart Vents connect to the Internet and to each other. Control how much air reaches each room of your house to balance energy usage and comfort.Temperature TrackingAn embedded temperature sensor tracks air and duct temperature.Quiet OperationOur novel louver system ensures quiet operation and enables variable airflow occlusion.Battery LifeAdvanced control algorithms enhance battery life, extending it for years. Four AA batteries are included.WirelessA 802.15.4 radio in every Smart Vent creates a robust, low power network that conserves battery life while still enhancing wireless range.Air vents should be beautiful too.Interchangeable faceplates turn your air vents into works of art by bringing beauty and elegance to a long forsaken system of the home. Our faceplates magnetically clip to your Smart Vent for easy removal, installation, and cleaning.Our Herringbone faceplate in white is made of tempered steel reinforced polycarbonate that can support up to 600 lbs of direct pressure. More faceplate designs and styles coming soon.Breathe Easy with Keen Home Smart Filters™Finally, a better way to purify the air in your entire home without costly stand-alone units or impractical sprays. Protect your home and family from allergens, germs, and other air pollutants with the Keen Home Smart Filter.Our Smart Filter easily clips into your Smart Vent’s removable faceplate to provide air purification and odor neutralization for your whole home.Learn MoreSmart devices work togetherKeen Home’s products work together to seamlessly enhance your home’s core systems. The Keen Home Smart Bridge enables Smart Vent control with the Keen Home smartphone app.Throughout 2016, we will announce many more exciting product integrations (and perhaps a few new products as well).Control your Smart Vent SystemManual ModeControl how much air reaches each room of the house to balance energy usage and comfort.Balance ModeSet each room to a desired comfort level.Integrated HomeConnect to a smart thermostat to make your system even more intelligent.Control your Smart Vent SystemManual ModeControl how much air reaches each room of the house to balance energy usage and comfort.Balance ModeSet each room to a desired comfort level.Integrated HomeConnect to a smart thermostat to make it even more intelligent.Connect your Smart Vent SystemThe Keen Home Smart Bridge completes your system by connecting your Smart Vents to the Internet.Cloud IntegrationThe Smart Bridge connects to the cloud to enable control of your Smart Vents and other devicesRepeater ModeA second or third Smart Bridge can serve as a "repeater" to enhance a Smart Vent’s wireless signal in larger homesSmartphone ControlEnables the use of the Keen Home app for full Smart Vent functionalityEasy Setup1. Remove existing air vent2. Install Smart Vent3. Connect to a Smart Bridge/partner hubEasy Setup1) Remove existing air vent2) Install Smart Vent3) Connect to a Smart Bridge/partner hubBe the first to know!Join the list to know when our Smart Vent System is back in stock! Our best estimate is that it will be available August 2017. 







 
 





















 





Keen Home Inc. | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Keen Home Inc.






















 


        This profile hasn't been verified. Claim it now












I am an



of Keen Home Inc.








                Employees                            







                Admin            



Kelly Hill

                                                    Designer                                                








                Admin            



Michael Cousins

                                                    Senior Product Engineer                                                








                Admin            



Vishal Bhavsar

                                                    Software Engineer                                                














            Recommendations                    




















 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by
















Keen Home Raises $1.52M To Bring Its Smart Home Vents To Market  |  TechCrunch
















































































































 



Menu


Search




Follow Us
Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS


More


Youtube

Flipboard

LinkedIn

Google+

RSS






								Got a tip? Let us know.









Message Us




Search TechCrunch
Search TechCrunch



Search



Search














×









Hi!

		You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you.
	

		Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot.
	

		Thanks,
		TC Team
	





 












Disrupt SFGet your Early Bird discount on Disrupt SF tickets before they expire								
																			Get Your Tickets Now																												





















Keen Home Raises $1.52M To Bring Its Smart Home Vents To Market


	Posted Oct 29, 2014 by Matt Burns (@mjburnsy)




0
SHARES

















































Next Story

Blendle Grabs $3.8M To Expand Its ‘Spotify For Journalism’












Smart thermostats are great, but they often do not regulate the temperature of individual rooms. That’s where Keen Home’s Smart Vents come into play. The company first announced their product at Disrupt NY 2013 and is today announcing $1.52M in seed funding to bring it to market.
The seed round was led by RMR Capital, with participation from R/GA Ventures, Bullet Time Ventures, NYU Innovation Venture Fund, Rugged Ventures, Galvanize Ventures, and Brand Foundry Ventures, as well as strategic investors American Family Ventures and Comporium, Inc.

Keen Home’s first product is the Smart Vent which allows homeowners to control airflow to different rooms. If no one is staying in the guest room, close the vents and save cash. This is controlled through a smartphone app.
The system can also automatically adjust the airflow when it senses a room is too hot or cold. This, the company says, will keep the whole house more comfortable.
“When it comes to home heating and cooling efficiency, the thermostat is only part of the solution,” said Ryan Fant, co-founder, Keen Home. “You wouldn’t use one light switch to control all the lights in your home. So, why are we still using a single thermostat to control a home’s heating and cooling needs? That’s why we developed the Smart Vent.”
Keen Home is also today announcing a partnership with Lowe’s Home Improvement Centers, SmartThings and Wink. Starting in the Spring of 2015, the Smart Vent will be sold through these distribution channels.
Smart Vent pricing has yet to be announced.

Keen Home’s Startup Battlefield Debut








0
SHARES
































			Advertisement		












			Advertisement		



 



Crunchbase






				Keen Home			


 
Founded
2013


Overview
Keen Home develops proactive hardware and software products to protect and enhance your home's core systems. Keen Home’s products provide homeowners with increased comfort, improved efficiency, and a better maintained home. The company’s first product, the Smart Vent, seamlessly controls a home’s heating/cooling airflow on a room-by-room level, resulting in improved comfort and efficiency. The …


Location

New York, NY



Categories

Home Automation, 																													Wireless, 																													Hardware, 																													Software, 																													Internet of Things 


Founders
Nayeem Hussain, Will McLeod, Ryan Fant


Website

http://www.keenhome.io 


Full profile for Keen Home 










	Newsletter Subscriptions









The Daily Crunch
Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox






TC Weekly Roundup
Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories






Crunchbase Daily
The latest startup funding announcements





Enter Address

Subscribe


SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS »
			


 


		Latest Crunch Report 







KKR Buys WebMD for $2.8 Billion | Crunch Report





Watch More Episodes


















Popular Posts


 

















Featured Stories





 

KKR Buys WebMD for $2.8 Billion | Crunch Report
VIDEO | 3:22 | Crunch Report






 

Facebook acquires Source3 to get content creators paid
12 hours ago | Josh Constine






 

Alphabet keeps printing money despite a hefty $2.7B fine from the EU
13 hours ago | Matthew Lynley






 

Google’s Sundar Pichai to join Alphabet’s board
15 hours ago | Katie Roof






 

Apple just dropped iOS 11 beta 4 for developers
16 hours ago | Romain Dillet









Latest From TechCrunch





 

Former Voodoo PC head Rahul Sood talks about the road to real token sales
1 minute ago | John Biggs






 

Elon Musk says Mark Zuckerberg’s understanding of the future of AI is ‘limited’
52 minutes ago | Jon Russell






 

Startup hub builder Factory plans gargantuan new campus in Lisbon
1 hour ago | Mike Butcher






 

Korean startup Urbanbase gets $1.8M to turn apartment floor plans into virtual reality
2 hours ago | Catherine Shu










 
















									Comment moderation powered by 

 









Up Next
Blendle Grabs $3.8M To Expand Its ‘Spotify For Journalism’

	Posted Oct 29, 2014  



CrunchBoard

Job Listings



Business Process Analyst (#18-1480) at Wisconsin Court System (Madison, WI, United States)




Director of Technology and Innovation  at Brunswick Corporation (Chicago, IL, United States)




Tools and Automation Engineer at SonoSim Inc. (Santa Monica, CA, United States)




Software Engineer at Buildingconnected (San Francisco, CA, United States)




Social Media Marketing Manager @ Gnarbox at Gnarbox (Santa Monica, CA, United States)




More from CrunchBoard















			Advertisement		

















 

































































































































































News




Startups
Mobile
Gadgets
Enterprise
Social
Europe
Asia
Crunch Network
Unicorn Leaderboard
Gift Guides
All GalleriesAll Timelines 




Videos




Apps
Bullish
Crunch Report
Disrupt NY 2017
Judah vs the Machines
All ShowsAll Videos 




Events




Disrupt
Startup Battlefield
Crunchies
Meetups
International City Events
Hackathon
Sessions
Include
TechCrunch Store
All Events 


Crunchbase













				Message Us			










Most Popular





								Former Voodoo PC head Rahul Sood talks about the road to real token sales							

								1 minute ago by John Biggs							



								Elon Musk says Mark Zuckerberg’s understanding of the future of AI is ‘limited’							

								52 minutes ago by Jon Russell							



								Startup hub builder Factory plans gargantuan new campus in Lisbon							

								1 hour ago by Mike Butcher							



								Korean startup Urbanbase gets $1.8M to turn apartment floor plans into virtual reality							

								2 hours ago by Catherine Shu							



								SoftBank is reportedly keen to buy ‘multi-billion dollar stake’ in Uber							

								2 hours ago by Jon Russell							



								Crunch Report | KKR Buys WebMD for $2.8 Billion							

								6 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze							



								SF-based Grabr grabs $2.7M to scale its traveller-driven shopping community							

								7 hours ago by Mike Butcher							



								Facebook acquires Source3 to get content creators paid							

								12 hours ago by Josh Constine							



								SnapTravel raises $8 million for a hotel booking service that works over chat							

								13 hours ago by Sarah Perez							



								Alphabet keeps printing money despite a hefty $2.7B fine from the EU							

								13 hours ago by Matthew Lynley							



 







Keen Home Smart Vent review - CNET










Keen Home Smart Vent review:
                            Keen Home sharpens its formerly dull smart vents


By
David Priest


Reviewed:
        

                February 17, 2016
            

Updated:
        

                April 14, 2016
            













The falling vents aren't falling anymore

by David Priest

1:42 



Close




Drag



Autoplay: ON
Autoplay: OFF









































1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14











$93.50

MSRP:
$80.00






 



Keen Home Smart Vent (4"x12")

(Part #: GB01-412-MP-1.0)


1
                    Related Model
                









Keen Home Smart Vent (6"x10")
sv01610mp10







Amazon Marketplace

$93.50
See it







            See all prices
        









 



Compare These



Amazon Echo






Lifx Color 1000 Smart Bulb






Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit






BeOn Starter Pack












The Good Keen Home's Smart Vents boast a great base design, and the app follows suit.
The Bad Vent-to-hub connection still isn't perfect, and automation needs more development.
The Bottom Line Keen Home's fixes have vastly improved the Smart Vents. That said, they still won't really impress until the automation also gets a big upgrade.





CNET Editors' Rating
 



6.6 Overall





Features
5.0









Usability
7.0









Design
7.0









Performance
8.0









 


 







Review Sections


                    Review
                


Prices





























 





CNET
Appliances
Smart Home
Keen Home Smart Vent



Editor's Note: Keen Home has released some hardware and firmware updates that have significantly changed the product experience. Our review has been updated to reflect those changes.A few months ago, I tested Keen Home Smart Vents and gave them a poor review. Terrible connectivity made some of the features practically untestable, and a design flaw made ceiling installations dangerous. With ample feedback from users and reviewers, Keen Home continued work on its product. Now, these $80 smart vents are beginning to look compelling.The idea behind Keen's vents is that you can personalize the temperature of individual rooms around your house. If one room tends to get colder in the winter, the vents can direct more heat to it, or if you like your bedroom cooler, you can divert warm air away from it. On a basic level, Keen performs. If you're interested in smart vents, or you have a compatible smart thermostat, Keen Home Vents are definitely worth checking out, especially as their features continue to develop.



11 
These Smart Vents leave us cold (pictures)


SetupThe Keen Home system takes some time to set up, but it's hard to imagine how anyone could make it much easier. The real hassle is actually perching on a ladder to install ceiling vents, if you have them, or screwing the fixtures into the wall. Keen has also remedied most of the old connectivity problems, so syncing the vents to the hub is a breeze. 
                                                    Tyler Lizenby/CNET
                                                In my experience, the installation takes 15-to-20 minutes per unit. Depending on how many you install, it could take an hour, or an afternoon.
Once the setup is complete, using the Keen Home app is intuitive. The app is streamlined, and now, when you run into connection problems with a vent, the app realizes it and automatically pulls up troubleshooting recommendations. I like this addition, especially after my original experience with the system that left me confused and exasperated.DesignWhere Keen Vents excel is in design. Now that the falling-from-the-ceiling problem is fixed, users are left with a minimalist aesthetic that works with almost any decor. The white faceplates attach magnetically onto the vent itself, so unlike traditional vents, you can simply pull off the plate to clean the slats or change the batteries.
                                                    Tyler Lizenby/CNET
                                                Even without the faceplate, the vents look slick. A small LED light recessed in the structure of the vent itself is the primary means of communication between user and device. And for the most part, its blinking patterns are easy to understand: green for "connected", yellow for "searching for connection," and so on. But just in case, I found it helpful to keep the included translation card handy while setting up.



 










 Best                            Smart                Home                Devices                of                2017 


 See                            All






Amazon Echo





                Starting at:
                

                    $129.99
                



                    Amazon's smart speaker was arguably the breakout product of 2015. Two years later, Alexa...
                








Lifx Color 1000 Smart Bulb





                Starting at:
                

                    $59.88
                



                    The second-gen Lifx Color 1000 is best at brightness, efficiency, color quality and ease...
                






Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit





                Starting at:
                

                    $34.99
                



                    Leave your phone in your pocket -- for $40, the Philips Hue Wireless Dimming Kit gives...
                








BeOn Starter Pack





                Starting at:
                

                    $123.10
                



                    BeOn's smart LEDs promise to fool burglars into thinking that you're home and will work...
                








Ecobee4 Smart Thermostat





                Starting at:
                

                    $248.90
                



                    The Ecobee4 has everything you could possibly want from a thermostat, including a built-in...
                















David Priest







                                        Associate Editor David Priest has reviewed smart home technology and appliances for CNET since September 2015. Before that David was a general reporter for the News Herald in Grant County, Indiana. David is a graduate of Indiana Wesleyan University, and in his spare time he writes and publishes short fiction and essays in literary magazines. David loves his wife and family, movies, books, hip-hop and soul food -- in that order.
                                                                                    
                                                See full bio
                                            








 This                            week                on                CNET                News






                            Alphabet, even with record EU fine, remains a money machine
                        







                            Trump? Whatever. Al Gore says we'll cope with climate change
                        







                            Cartoon bunnies are hacking your brain
                        




 



 




 







Discuss: Keen Home Smart Vent (4"x12")


Guidelines



Log In


Please log in to CNET to comment


Post Comment As...

 










 



Appliances - CNET






 




Appliances






All Topics

icon

Coffee Makers
Best Coffee Makers



icon

Dishwashers
Best Dishwashers



icon

Dryers



icon

Microwaves



icon

Ovens
Best Ovens



icon

Refrigerators
Best Refrigerators



icon

Small Appliances
Best Small Appliances



icon

Smart Home
Best Smart Home



icon

Vacuum Cleaners
Best Vacuum Cleaners



icon

Washing Machines
Best Washing Machines





Featured Post






On the hunt for a new washing machine? Start here
Everything you need to know before you buy your next washing machine.
by
            Megan Wollerton
        






Latest Appliance Reviews and Previews






This massive Maytag dryer handles all your clothes
With a 9.2-cubic-foot drum, this Maytag dryer does large batches of laundry -- but at its own pace.
by
            Brian Bennett
        
3 days ago

            Price:
            
                                    $1,164.01
                                                -
                                                                            $1,466.08
                                                
Check prices






Good











You definitely shouldn't try to fit a person in this washer
This Maytag washing machine is giant; 40 t-shirts fit in it comfortably (or me, uncomfortably).
by
            Megan Wollerton
        
4 days ago

            Price:
            
                                    $1,164.01
                                                -
                                                                            $1,169.99
                                                
Check prices






Very good









This Maytag washer also dries your clothes
Maytag’s MHW8200FC washing machine cleans and tumbles dry small loads of laundry.
by
            Megan Wollerton
        
8 days ago

            Price:
            
                                    $1,119.01
                                                                                                
Check prices






Very good













Entry level Kenmore dishwasher does its job well
Don’t expect style or extras, but this highly affordable model can still get the dirt off of your dishes.
by
            Andrew Gebhart
        
Jul 14, 2017





Good









Automatic beer brewing -- now with flavor
Does Coopers' BrewArt go a little too far to make beer brewing easier?
by
            Andrew Gebhart
        
Jul 10, 2017










This Whirlpool dryer costs way too much to be this slow
This Whirlpool dryer looks nice, but it's slow and expensive.
by
            Brian Bennett
        
Jul 5, 2017

            Price:
            
                                    $1,124.99
                                                -
                                                                            $1,169.00
                                                
Check prices






Good











If you like dry dishes, here’s your budget dishwasher
The $400 GE GDF520PGJWW keeps things simple and shines your dishes.
by
            Andrew Gebhart
        
Jun 30, 2017

            Price:
            
                                    $359.00
                                                -
                                                                            $389.00
                                                
Check prices






Very good









This gas stove is great until you compare it with other brands
The $2,700 Electrolux EI30GF45QS cooks food well -- as long as you have the time to spare.
by
            Ashlee Clark Thompson
        
Jun 21, 2017

            Price:
            
                                    $2,199.00
                                                -
                                                                            $3,813.27
                                                
Check prices






Very good













Millo makes stealthy smoothies with magnets
Millo could be your personal magnet-powered smoothie machine.
by
            Brian Bennett
        
Jun 20, 2017








Vitamix Ascent falls short despite its high price
The Vitamix Ascent 3500 has a lofty price but fails to blend like the best.
by
            Brian Bennett
        
Jun 14, 2017

            Price:
            
                                    $599.95
                                                                                                
Check prices






Very good







 Show More















Top 5 hidden Echo features
Amazon's Alexa-powered speaker has some perks beyond being a great little assistant.
by Iyaz Akhtar

2:24 







Comic-Con wraps in San Diego, The Rock stars in Siri ad
In today's roundup, more trailers than you can watch as Comic-Con closes its doors for the year. Plus Siri co-stars with Dwayne Johnson in new Apple commercial and Apple is sued over an iPhone 4S fire.
by Jonathan Garnham

1:26 



Close




Drag



Autoplay: ON
Autoplay: OFF










Resources and Buying Advice

Best blenders


Best coffee makers


Best dishwashers


Best small appliances


Best smart home devices


Best stoves


Best vacuum cleaners


Best washing machines


Dishwasher buying guide


Dryer buying guide


Light bulb buying guide


Microwave buying guide


Oven/Stove buying guide


Refrigerator buying guide


Vacuum buying guide


Washer buying guide


Kitchen hacks from Chowhound


Appliances news


Appliances videos


Appliances How To


Smart Home How To


Smart Home products


Smart Home news


Networking reviews


Tour our smart house


Tour our smart apartment


Smart Home & Appliances forum




Hot Products





Amazon Dash Wand with Alexa (2017)

                                                                            Amazon's Alexa-enabled Dash Wand is fun and nearly free
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MSRP
$20.00













Samsung Galaxy S8

                                                                            A month later, the Galaxy S8 is still pretty freaking awesome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $669.88













OnePlus 5

                                                                            The affordable OnePlus 5 impresses us again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    












Apple iPad 2017 (9.7-inch)

                                                                            Apple's new 9.7-inch iPad is a great tablet at a great price
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $322.40













Microsoft Surface Pro (2017)

                                                                            Still a Pro, despite an unadventurous update
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $798.00









This week on CNET News
See all








Alphabet, even with record EU fine, remains a money machine

Tech Industry









Trump? Whatever. Al Gore says we'll cope with climate change

Politics









Cartoon bunnies are hacking your brain

Wearable Tech









When at Comic-Con, say 'I do' -- in costume

Culture









Hidden water on the moon? Lunar explorers could make a splash

Sci-Tech



 


 






 


Home automation, lighting, appliances & more - Smart Home - CNET









 Smart                            Home

Getting Started
Smart Home Reviews
Best Smart Home Devices


Smart home technology promises to make your living space more comfortable, more convenient, and more secure. We're here to put those claims to the test to help you find the right gadgets for your home.






 Featured                            Stories



Behold, a tiny sprinkler system to cool your overworked AC unit

Behold, a tiny sprinkler system to cool your overworked AC unit

by
            Megan Wollerton
        




This Maytag washer also dries your clothes

This Maytag washer also dries your clothes

by
            Megan Wollerton
        




Juicero lays off staff, plans to launch cheaper juicer

Juicero lays off staff, plans to launch cheaper juicer

by
            Lynn La
        





 




 Get                            Inspired



Want more comfort, convenience, and peace of mind from your living space? Smart home tech can help -- here are just a few of the ways.




Turn off the lights before bed with one word




Automatically lock the front door when you head to work




Get a notification when your kids walk in the door




Wake up to a warm cup of coffee




Wake up to your favorite Spotify song




Watch your napping kiddo on this smart wrist monitor




Find more inspirationsHave a robot clean the carpet with the click of a buttonOpen your shades with a simple voice commandGet an alert if your house has a leak









Get the Smart Home and Appliances Newsletter to stay on top of the latest products, updates and advice!






Sign Up

I have read and agree to the CBS Interactive Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. I understand I will receive the CNET newsletter(s) I'm signing up for. I can opt out at any time.



 

Tweets

Follow @CNETSmartHome







 Tour                            Our                Smart                Homes



Our Smart Home and Smart Apartment are the living labs where we test all of the latest connected home innovations. Come take a room-by-room look at everything we're up to.








Tour the Smart House




Tour the Smart Apartment




 Best                            Products



Looking for the perfect smart home gadget? No matter the category (or the budget), our expert recommendations are here to help.




Overall




LED bulbs




DIY security




Security cameras




Smart locks




Smart thermostats




Smart plugs & switches




Smart leak detectors




Robot vacuums




Alexa-friendly gadgets




Apple HomeKit gadgets




IFTTT gadgets






 Featured                            Platforms



From Apple to Amazon, the biggest names in tech have big plans for the connected home.


Amazon Alexa-compatible products

Amazon Alexa-compatible products



Google Home-compatible products

Google Home-compatible products




 

All Platforms


 Latest                            Stories

 All                            News



How to add a bidet to your bathroom (without a remodel)

How to add a bidet to your bathroom (without a remodel)

by
            Alina Bradford
        




8 Alexa tips for people who are too damn busy

8 Alexa tips for people who are too damn busy

by
            Taylor Martin
        




Top 5 hidden Echo features
2:24

Top 5 hidden Echo features

by
            Iyaz Akhtar
        







2 days ago


Eero’s new Wi-Fi system is like a Glade plug-in for internet
Modest performance and high price keep the new Eero from being a top Wi-Fi pick.




3 days ago


A massive Maytag washing machine for the largest families
Maytag's $1,399 MVWB955FC top-load washing machine has a huge 6.2-cubic-foot capacity.




3 days ago


This massive Maytag dryer handles all your clothes
With a 9.2-cubic-foot drum, this Maytag dryer does large batches of laundry -- but at its own pace.




4 days ago


Samsung's Galaxy Note 8 might come with Bixby-friendly earphones
The company is considering including Bixby-enabled earphones with the purchase of a Note 8 and also offering them separately, a report says.




4 days ago


You definitely shouldn't try to fit a person in this washer
This Maytag washing machine is giant; 40 t-shirts fit in it comfortably (or me, uncomfortably).




5 days ago


Kenmore breaks free of brick and mortar with Amazon deal
You'll be able to shop for Kenmore appliances via Amazon. Also, Kenmore's smart appliances will work with Alexa.




5 days ago


A HomeKit switch that's simple to use, but maybe too simple
Check out this switch by Leviton that connects with Apple's HomeKit.








 



 





 









Official KEEN® Site | Largest Selection of KEEN Shoes, Boots & Sandals | KEEN Footwear








































0







Search Icon







Clear

X














Sign in or Join





 The United States of America flag, produced by Daniel McRae 












































 USA/EN


 



Womens


Mens


Work


Kids


Accessories


Mens Featured


Accessories


Accessories


Accessories


Mens Footwear


Mens Clothing


Shop By Activity


Womens Featured


Womens Footwear


Womens Clothing


Shop By Activity


Kids Featured


Shop By Age


Kids Footwear


Work Featured


Work Footwear


Shop By Industry


Shop By Feature


Sale


Men's Sale


Women's Sale


Kid's Sale


Accessories Sale


Inside KEEN


KEEN Stages™

 




Womens
Mens
Kids
Work
Sale
Inside KEEN
Help
Find a Store


Contact quick links
Call 

6am - 5pm PT M-F
 



1.866.676.KEEN






@KEENSupport





 





Featured
Footwear
Clothing
Accessories
Shop By Activity
Sale
Shop all Mens


Featured
Footwear
Clothing
Accessories
Shop By Activity
Sale
Shop all Womens


Featured
Shop By Age
Footwear
Accessories
Sale
Shop All Kids'


Featured
Footwear
Shop By Industry
Shop By Feature
Shop All Work


Men's Sale
Women's Sale
Kid's Sale
Accessories Sale
Shop All Sale





New Arrivals
UNEEK
Rialto Collection
Newport


Boots
Shoes
Sandals
Casual
Work Boots & Shoes
Shop all


T-Shirts & Hoodies
Shorts
Pants
Shop all


Hiking
Water
Winter
Travel
Shop All




New Arrivals
TrailFit
UNEEK


Boots
Shoes
Sandals
Casual
Work Boots & Shoes
Shop all


T-Shirts & Hoodies
Shop all


Hiking
Water
Winter
Travel
Shop All




New Arrivals
Boys' Shoes
Girls' Shoes
Moxie Collection


Baby (6mo - 24mo)
Toddler (Sizes 4 - 7)
Little Kid (Sizes 8 -13)
Big Kid (Sizes 1 - 6)
Shop All


Boots
Shoes
Sandals
Shop All


Socks
Laces
Gift Cards
Shop all




American Built
Safety Manager
Project Build
Footbeds


Men's Work Boots & Shoes
Women's Work Boots & Shoes
Service Shoes
Shop All


Construction
Heavy Industry
Manufacturing & Warehouse
Transportation
Service
Shop All


Steel Toe
Composite Toe
Soft Toe
Waterproof
Slip Resistant
Shop All




Bags
Socks
Hats
Drinkware
Laces
Footbeds
Gift Cards
Shop all


Bags
Socks
Hats
Drinkware
Laces
Gift Cards
Shop all


Socks
Laces
Sale
Shop all




Footwear
Clothing
Shop All


Footwear

Shop All


Footwear
Clothing
Shop All


Bags
Socks
Shop All




Our Purpose
Our Process
Our People
Our Stories
Careers
Ambassadors
Grants Program
















Search Icon







Clear

X
















Your account
Order history
Sign out



 










Live Chat
Planning a trip or need product info? Our KEEN Experts are here to assist.








Email
info@keenfootwear.com








Phone
1.866.676-KEEN(5336)Available 

6am - 5pm PT M-F
 







Vector Smart Object3

FAQ
We most likely have an answer to your question here! 









TWEET @KEEN



 











Search Icon







Clear

X





















            UNEEK Perspectives
          

						Self-ExpressionIn Motion
					



Explore UNEEK
















Newport ATV















UNEEK















Moxie















Rialto















American Built






















Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.









Save $10 off your first order








Join the family
Enter your email address below and get $10 off your first order.  Plus, get free ground shipping on most orders! For first time newsletter subscribers only.










Welcome to the Family!
Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for confirmation.






To the top

Supply Chain Transparency
Accessibility
Affiliates
Sitemap

 





Thanks


Continue Shopping











































Keen Home Smart Vent Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know













































































































 

 
Keen Home Smart Vent Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know 




 


















































































































Search















Keen Home Smart Vent Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know










































































































 


674 Views			

89 Shares			

23 Comments 






 

						By Angela Barbuti



Published Feb 20, 2015 at 4:05pm

Updated Apr 17, 2015 at 4:44pm					






 

 

 







Keen Home entered the Shark Tank debuting their Smart Vent on February 20th. 
Heavy interviewed the two founders, Ryan Fant and Nayeem Hussain. Here’s the insight they gave into their company that changes the way we regulate temperatures in our homes.
To read all of Heavy’s Shark Tank coverage, click here. 

1. The Founders Met at NYU    

They were both pursuing MBAs at New York University’s Stern School of Business. When asked how their New York City location had helped launch their company, Hussain said:
There are world-class universities in the area producing amazing design and engineering talent as well as marquee hardware companies like MakerBot, Canary, and Quirky further raising the profile of New York’s hardware scene. Also, being in the financial capital of the world doesn’t hurt when looking to raise capital for a business. 
The men were pitching at the NY Hardware Meetup and mentioned that they were seeking technical expertise. That is how they met their technical co-founder, Will McLeod.



Read More From Heavy
The Paint Brush Cover Re-Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know



2. The Idea Came in Ryan’s Apartment 

Fant, who has experience as a consultant for Fortune 500 manufacturing and distribution companies, got the idea because his bedroom had only one vent that would give off too much air during the night.
He thought how great it would be if he could control the air with his smartphone and knew the product did not yet exist. When he went to visit his parents over Thanksgiving that year, he started to envision the bigger picture of vents being used throughout an entire home to regulate the temperatures. 
He then employed the assistance of his classmate, Hussain. Fant explained, “Nayeem has a vast amount of leadership experience across various industries, including finance, real estate, and technology. 



Read More From Heavy
PhoneSoap Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know



3. It Controls Room Temperature With a Smartphone or Tablet 
 

 

Fant explained to us that, on average, homes have two to four rooms that are either too hot or too cold. Their system actually reduces the running time of central heating and cooling systems by 30 percent. 
The Smart Vents use a low-power wireless network to connect to a central hub in your home. This hub can be controlled from any smartphone or tablet in order to set the temperature to your liking. You can use the Smart Vent with preexisting floor, wall and ceiling air vents in just a few easy steps. 



Read More From Heavy
Hold Your Haunches Re-Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know



4.  They Used Indiegogo to Raise Money  
 

 

In 2013, after they participated in TechCrunch Disrupt NY Startup Battlefield, a startup launch competition, they put their product on Indiegogo. See their crowdsourcing campaign here. 
They more than met their goal, raising $40,234. Although they got useful feedback and were able to gauge interest, looking back, Fant thinks they should have waited longer. “…we did launch our campaign too early in the life of the company. Had we waited until the product was closer to market, we believe we could have inspired more confidence from prospective backers,” he explained.



Read More From Heavy
Biaggi Foldable Luggage Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know



5. You Can Find Them in Lowe’s This Summer 

After their participation in 2013’s TechCrunch Disrupt, Hussain’s friend from elementary school, who happened to be a contractor at Lowe’s, reached out to him on social media.  
 

 
He offered to introduce the founders to the Vice President of Lowe’s Smart Home Business Unit, and the rest goes down in retail history. 
As far as what other Keen products you may find in stores one day, Hussain said that their next one focuses on flood prevention in homes with sump and sewage pumps. “Keen Home will continue to develop hardware and software solutions for the home with the goal of allowing your home to finally start taking care of you,” he said. 



Read More From Heavy
The Squatty Potty Enters the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know



Also on this episode:



Read More From Heavy
LuminAID Enters the ‘Shark Tank’






Read More From Heavy
Taaluma Totes Enter the ‘Shark Tank’: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know






Read More From Heavy
WATCH: Scholly Enters the ‘Shark Tank’








 See More Breaking News  → 






 



23 Comments

Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (Address never made public)



Name



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 


23 Comments

 



Daniel segers February 20th, 2015 


Wow, in am state certifited by alabama hvac/r, also have a degree in hvac/r! This  is the worse product  you could ever have on the market! It is so limited to use! Smh







Brian February 20th, 2015 


Gosh Daniel, am I allowed to adjust my traditional vents without fear that the house will explode?   What’s the difference between this and traditional vents, regarding the same strategy to save on the electric bill?







brion February 20th, 2015 


Gosh. Shut down onenthird ofnyour vents. Make sure you put some cash aside to have new heat exchanger replaced. Also pls spend 50 bucks on a quality co alarm so you dont die in your sleep.







Colin May 20th, 2015 


There is NO “saving” to be had. Virtually every system in the US is undersized. closing vents just makes it worse. LBL proved you save nothing by opening vents. If they wanted to improve the situation that would find a way to open vents even wider not shut them down. 
Incredibly bad idea that has been tried before. Worthless.







Brian February 20th, 2015 


According to CNET, each vent has a pressure sensor that opens the vent a little if it feels the system starting to strain.  The manufacturer also recommends that not all vents in your house be replaced by these, only 1/3 or fewer.  Evidently it’s intended to help with vents that may be difficult to reach or that may be in rooms that are difficult to heat or cool.  So you fears…are for nothing.







brion February 20th, 2015 


So install them on you dytem and save big bucks….lmao







Mp February 20th, 2015 


Lol that’s not how it works. You can’t “feel the system strain” with a pressure sensor at a closed vent. You have to know how much airflow is getting through the system.







Colin Genge July 4th, 2015 


When radio activity was discovered, companies offered radioactive cures that killed their customers. Now with WiFi, customers like to believe WiFi can fix anything.  In this case, this company has their science all wrong. Based on my discussions with them, they have no clue how systems operate and recently asked what type of pressure gauge they should use to measure pressures inside duct work. By their own admission they have not studied the issues but insist on making claims anyway. 
Veterans in the HVAC science community all believe these vents will NOT save energy and will put the system longevity and the health of their customers at risk.
If these vents are placed in rooms that over oversupplied, they will restrict system airflow too much and if installed in rooms that are undersupplied, they cannot increase flow so in both cases they are useless. 
I have been testing HVAC systems for 35 years and know that virtually every system I see cannot have its airflow reduced to net positive effect. They have 0 experience so how can they make any claims at all? Pure marketing flim flam. The sad fact is, that if they truly wanted to make a product that worked, they probably could but they need to do their homework first. I offered to loan them $5000 worth of diagnostic instrumentation and they didn’t even respond. 
Anyone want to buy some radioactive tonic?







brion February 20th, 2015 


This product has the potential to cause deaths through causing cracks and leaks in heat exchangers for heaters and causing costly problems with Coolong systems.







brion February 20th, 2015 


This will cuase issuses with both traditional systemn and newer energy saving systems.







Daniel segers February 20th, 2015 


I agree!! Turn a 5 ton into a 1 ton!!! Lol, people have no idea! Systems aren’t designed for this product!







Brian February 20th, 2015 


But your worst case scenario seems even more likely with current vent designs, and would be ALLEVIATED with this computer controlled system, which could ensure that all the vents would never be completely closed.   Auto closing of all vents, throughout a hotel, for example, if there’s a fire would reduce the spread of fires.   Some traditional vents already have a fire control feature.








Discuss on Facebook










 

 

















Post to



Cancel







 





















































































































































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Woodbury Products





















Free Shipping! We Ship Via UPS








Our Products

Learn About Your Needs
How To Get Started
Getting Started
Most common misunderstandings about incontinence products
How can Woodbury help me with my incontinence products?
The Hidden Costs: How to save money using the right product

Learn About Incontinence
What is Incontinence?
How Needs Change by Age
Are You the Caregiver?
Shopping for Yourself

Learn About Food & Nutritional Needs
Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing)
Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)/Constipation/Hemorrhoids 

Learn About Vascular Compression Stockings


Who We Are
About Us: People with a Purpose
Why should I Purchase from Woodbury?
Ordering and Shipping
Contact Us
Leadership Team
Video
Testimonials
Privacy Policy


Cart (0)











Pick how you want to shop
Extensive selection of the highest quality products at affordable prices
Expert, in-house customer service
Discrete, no hassle, free home product delivery




Youth
Young Adult
Adult
Senior




Incontinence
Vascular Compression
Food/Nutritional
Wound Care
Accessories
Catheters
Medical Alert System




Attends
Tranquility
Tena
Covidien
First Quality
Precision Foods
Kimberly Clark
Span America
Medline
CleanLife
Hospital Specialty
Nutrabalance
Woodbury
Other




Incontinence (All Levels)
Maternity
Menopause
Bariatric
Post-Surgery
Travel
Dysphagia
IBS/Gastroenterology
Medical Alert System
Parkinsons
Alzheimers
Multiple Sclerosis



With ALMOST 35 years experience, WE CAN HELP!
Hablamos Espanol
Give us a call!(800) 777-1111




 


Products

Learn about your needs

Who we are

Cart (0)

Call Us: (800) 777-1111 Hablamos Espanol








	ï»¿



			Free Shipping: FedEx Home Delivery

			We accept: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover


		 



		 

		With ALMOST 35 years
		of experience,
		WE CAN HELP!



 

		At Woodbury Health Products, we are on a mission...

		To use knowledge, sensitivity and discretion to help those who suffer from physically and emotionally trying issues secure the health products they need, without effort and embarrassment.


	Copyright Woodbury Health Products. All Rights Reserved 2017.
	  (JL)






 























Free Shipping! We Ship Via UPS








Our Products

Learn About Your Needs
How To Get Started
Getting Started
Most common misunderstandings about incontinence products
How can Woodbury help me with my incontinence products?
The Hidden Costs: How to save money using the right product

Learn About Incontinence
What is Incontinence?
How Needs Change by Age
Are You the Caregiver?
Shopping for Yourself

Learn About Food & Nutritional Needs
Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing)
Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)/Constipation/Hemorrhoids 

Learn About Vascular Compression Stockings


Who We Are
About Us: People with a Purpose
Why should I Purchase from Woodbury?
Ordering and Shipping
Contact Us
Leadership Team
Video
Testimonials
Privacy Policy


Cart (0)














































The page you are looking for cannot be found.
Try searching for a product below or visit our sitemap.




				
				Search : 
				 

				  











 


Products

Learn about your needs

Who we are

Cart (0)

Call Us: (800) 777-1111 Hablamos Espanol








	ï»¿



			Free Shipping: FedEx Home Delivery

			We accept: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover


		 



		 

		With ALMOST 35 years
		of experience,
		WE CAN HELP!



 

		At Woodbury Health Products, we are on a mission...

		To use knowledge, sensitivity and discretion to help those who suffer from physically and emotionally trying issues secure the health products they need, without effort and embarrassment.


	Copyright Woodbury Health Products. All Rights Reserved 2017.
	  (JL)


 






















Free Shipping! We Ship Via UPS








Our Products

Learn About Your Needs
How To Get Started
Getting Started
Most common misunderstandings about incontinence products
How can Woodbury help me with my incontinence products?
The Hidden Costs: How to save money using the right product

Learn About Incontinence
What is Incontinence?
How Needs Change by Age
Are You the Caregiver?
Shopping for Yourself

Learn About Food & Nutritional Needs
Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing)
Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)/Constipation/Hemorrhoids 

Learn About Vascular Compression Stockings


Who We Are
About Us: People with a Purpose
Why should I Purchase from Woodbury?
Ordering and Shipping
Contact Us
Leadership Team
Video
Testimonials
Privacy Policy


Cart (0)














































The page you are looking for cannot be found.
Try searching for a product below or visit our sitemap.




				
				Search : 
				 

				  











 


Products

Learn about your needs

Who we are

Cart (0)

Call Us: (800) 777-1111 Hablamos Espanol








	ï»¿



			Free Shipping: FedEx Home Delivery

			We accept: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover


		 



		 

		With ALMOST 35 years
		of experience,
		WE CAN HELP!



 

		At Woodbury Health Products, we are on a mission...

		To use knowledge, sensitivity and discretion to help those who suffer from physically and emotionally trying issues secure the health products they need, without effort and embarrassment.


	Copyright Woodbury Health Products. All Rights Reserved 2017.
	  (JL)


 






















Free Shipping! We Ship Via UPS








Our Products

Learn About Your Needs
How To Get Started
Getting Started
Most common misunderstandings about incontinence products
How can Woodbury help me with my incontinence products?
The Hidden Costs: How to save money using the right product

Learn About Incontinence
What is Incontinence?
How Needs Change by Age
Are You the Caregiver?
Shopping for Yourself

Learn About Food & Nutritional Needs
Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing)
Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)/Constipation/Hemorrhoids 

Learn About Vascular Compression Stockings


Who We Are
About Us: People with a Purpose
Why should I Purchase from Woodbury?
Ordering and Shipping
Contact Us
Leadership Team
Video
Testimonials
Privacy Policy


Cart (0)














































The page you are looking for cannot be found.
Try searching for a product below or visit our sitemap.




				
				Search : 
				 

				  











 


Products

Learn about your needs

Who we are

Cart (0)

Call Us: (800) 777-1111 Hablamos Espanol








	ï»¿



			Free Shipping: FedEx Home Delivery

			We accept: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover


		 



		 

		With ALMOST 35 years
		of experience,
		WE CAN HELP!



 

		At Woodbury Health Products, we are on a mission...

		To use knowledge, sensitivity and discretion to help those who suffer from physically and emotionally trying issues secure the health products they need, without effort and embarrassment.


	Copyright Woodbury Health Products. All Rights Reserved 2017.
	  (JL)


 






















Free Shipping! We Ship Via UPS








Our Products

Learn About Your Needs
How To Get Started
Getting Started
Most common misunderstandings about incontinence products
How can Woodbury help me with my incontinence products?
The Hidden Costs: How to save money using the right product

Learn About Incontinence
What is Incontinence?
How Needs Change by Age
Are You the Caregiver?
Shopping for Yourself

Learn About Food & Nutritional Needs
Dysphagia (difficulty swallowing)
Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS)/Constipation/Hemorrhoids 

Learn About Vascular Compression Stockings


Who We Are
About Us: People with a Purpose
Why should I Purchase from Woodbury?
Ordering and Shipping
Contact Us
Leadership Team
Video
Testimonials
Privacy Policy


Cart (0)














































The page you are looking for cannot be found.
Try searching for a product below or visit our sitemap.




				
				Search : 
				 

				  











 


Products

Learn about your needs

Who we are

Cart (0)

Call Us: (800) 777-1111 Hablamos Espanol








	ï»¿



			Free Shipping: FedEx Home Delivery

			We accept: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover


		 



		 

		With ALMOST 35 years
		of experience,
		WE CAN HELP!



 

		At Woodbury Health Products, we are on a mission...

		To use knowledge, sensitivity and discretion to help those who suffer from physically and emotionally trying issues secure the health products they need, without effort and embarrassment.


	Copyright Woodbury Health Products. All Rights Reserved 2017.
	  (JL)


 











Keen Sandals & Shoes | Footwear at L.L.Bean

































Skip to main content













20% OFF Packs, Kids' Clothing and More



ONLINE & IN STORES. USE PROMO CODE: KIDS20. ENDS SUNDAY, 8/27

SHOP NOW







Terms and ConditionsSave 20% on select kids’ clothing and footwear, and backpacks purchased from L.L.Bean at llbean.com, by phone, at retail stores, or on the L.L.Bean App; not valid at L.L.Bean Outlets or through our global.llbean.com website. To redeem offer, either click through your promotional email; enter promo code KIDS20 during online checkout; or provide the code to a phone representative. No code is required for retail store purchases. Selection varies by store location. Offer applies to merchandise only and excludes shipping charges; return labels; taxes; license/stamps; gift cards; repairs; duty; engraving; monogramming; alterations; gift boxes; Bean Boots by L.L.Bean and Maine Hunting Shoes; select products at our retail stores; and Direct to Business orders. Not valid on previous purchases or with employee discounts. Cannot be combined with other percent-off or dollar-off discounts including Special Pricing promotions and other limited-time offers. All refunds will match the discounted amount on the purchase receipt. L.L.Bean reserves the right to deactivate promo code(s) in the event of fraud or technical issues and to limit quantities of individual items eligible for purchase with this discount. Offer valid from Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 12:01 a.m. ET, to Sunday, August 27, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. ET.











L.L.Bean



Shipped for Free. Guaranteed to Last.





 Menu
                








Search











Call Us





Find a Store

Your Closest Store:



                            Find a different store
                        






Log In





Shopping Bag


Wish List





















Shopping Bag











Added to Your Shopping Bag
					




Accessing Shopping Bag













We're sorry, Quick View is currently unavailable for this item.
















Some functionality on this page requires JavaScript to be enabled in your Web browser. JavaScript settings can usually be found in your browser's Tools or Preferences menu. Once you have enabled JavaScript, please refresh (or "reload") this page.












  
 
  
 


Keen Sandals & Shoes











Add to Compare



Return to top












Add to Compare


















Remove
Remove
Remove
Remove


Add items below to compare (details)



















 









 
 





 




 
 















Back to Top




Change Country







 

































Women's Clothing and Apparel | Shipped Free from L.L.Bean























Skip to main content













20% OFF Packs, Kids' Clothing and More



ONLINE & IN STORES. USE PROMO CODE: KIDS20. ENDS SUNDAY, 8/27

SHOP NOW







Terms and ConditionsSave 20% on select kids’ clothing and footwear, and backpacks purchased from L.L.Bean at llbean.com, by phone, at retail stores, or on the L.L.Bean App; not valid at L.L.Bean Outlets or through our global.llbean.com website. To redeem offer, either click through your promotional email; enter promo code KIDS20 during online checkout; or provide the code to a phone representative. No code is required for retail store purchases. Selection varies by store location. Offer applies to merchandise only and excludes shipping charges; return labels; taxes; license/stamps; gift cards; repairs; duty; engraving; monogramming; alterations; gift boxes; Bean Boots by L.L.Bean and Maine Hunting Shoes; select products at our retail stores; and Direct to Business orders. Not valid on previous purchases or with employee discounts. Cannot be combined with other percent-off or dollar-off discounts including Special Pricing promotions and other limited-time offers. All refunds will match the discounted amount on the purchase receipt. L.L.Bean reserves the right to deactivate promo code(s) in the event of fraud or technical issues and to limit quantities of individual items eligible for purchase with this discount. Offer valid from Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 12:01 a.m. ET, to Sunday, August 27, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. ET.











L.L.Bean



Shipped for Free. Guaranteed to Last.





 Menu
                








Search











Call Us





Find a Store

Your Closest Store:



                            Find a different store
                        






Log In





Shopping Bag


Wish List





















Shopping Bag











Added to Your Shopping Bag
					




Accessing Shopping Bag














L.L.Bean>Women's

















































SWEATERS







SHORTS







BUTTON-FRONT SHIRTS







SKIRTS & DRESSES










SWIMWEAR







PANTS & JEANS







WINDBREAKERS







ACCESSORIES































Shop by Size Range 
                                                                                


Women's Plus Sizes


Women's Petite Sizes




Outerwear & Jackets 
                                                                                


Jackets & Coats


Vests


Pants




Active Clothing 
                                                                                


Shirts


Sweaters & Sweatshirts


Pants


Shorts & Skorts


Skirts & Dresses


Swimwear


Jackets & Outerwear


Underwear & Base Layers


Accessories




Shirts & Tops 
                                                                                


Tees & Knit Tops


Shirts & Button-Downs


Tanks & Camis


Featured




Sweaters & Sweatshirts 
                                                                                


Sweaters


Sweatshirts & Fleece


Featured




Pants & Jeans 
                                                                                


Pants


Jeans


Cropped & Capris




Shorts & Skorts 
                                                                                


Shorts


Skorts




Skirts & Dresses 
                                                                                


Skirts


Dresses




Swimwear 
                                                                                


Swimsuits


Rash Guards


Cover-Ups


Wetsuits & Dry Suits


Board Shorts & Swim Shorts




Sleepwear 
                                                                                


Pajamas & Nightgowns


Robes




Underwear & Base Layers 
                                                                                


Sports Bras


Underwear


Long Underwear & Base Layers




Accessories 
                                                                                


Hats & Headwear


Gloves & Mittens


Scarves & Neck Gaiters


Socks


Belts


Watches


Sunglasses




Footwear 
                                                                                


Sneakers & Shoes


Boots


Slippers


Sandals & Water Shoes


Socks


Accessories


Featured




Featured 
                                                                                


New Arrivals


Signature Collection


Rain Gear & Boots


Sun Protection


Wicking Apparel


Traverse by L.L.Bean


Linen


Lined Clothing


Insect-Repellent Clothing






Related Site Maps

Women's Clothing Site Map





 





Back to Top




Change Country







































Bath and Home Decor























Skip to main content













20% OFF Packs, Kids' Clothing and More



ONLINE & IN STORES. USE PROMO CODE: KIDS20. ENDS SUNDAY, 8/27

SHOP NOW







Terms and ConditionsSave 20% on select kids’ clothing and footwear, and backpacks purchased from L.L.Bean at llbean.com, by phone, at retail stores, or on the L.L.Bean App; not valid at L.L.Bean Outlets or through our global.llbean.com website. To redeem offer, either click through your promotional email; enter promo code KIDS20 during online checkout; or provide the code to a phone representative. No code is required for retail store purchases. Selection varies by store location. Offer applies to merchandise only and excludes shipping charges; return labels; taxes; license/stamps; gift cards; repairs; duty; engraving; monogramming; alterations; gift boxes; Bean Boots by L.L.Bean and Maine Hunting Shoes; select products at our retail stores; and Direct to Business orders. Not valid on previous purchases or with employee discounts. Cannot be combined with other percent-off or dollar-off discounts including Special Pricing promotions and other limited-time offers. All refunds will match the discounted amount on the purchase receipt. L.L.Bean reserves the right to deactivate promo code(s) in the event of fraud or technical issues and to limit quantities of individual items eligible for purchase with this discount. Offer valid from Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 12:01 a.m. ET, to Sunday, August 27, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. ET.











L.L.Bean



Shipped for Free. Guaranteed to Last.





 Menu
                








Search











Call Us





Find a Store

Your Closest Store:



                            Find a different store
                        






Log In





Shopping Bag


Wish List





















Shopping Bag











Added to Your Shopping Bag
					




Accessing Shopping Bag














L.L.Bean>Home Goods

















































WATERHOGS







DOG BEDS & SUPPLIES







COMFORTERS &COVERS







BATH TOWELS










RUGS







SHEETS







BLANKETS & THROWS







OUTDOOR FURNITURE































Bedding 
                                                                                


Sheets


Quilts & Bedspreads


Comforters & Covers


Blankets & Throws


Mattress Pads


Bed Skirts


Pillows




Bath 
                                                                                


Bath Towels


Beach Towels & Blankets


Bath Mats




Furniture 
                                                                                


Living & Family Room


Bedroom


Entryway


Home Office




Kitchen 
                                                                                


Gourmet Food


Kitchen Tools




Fireplace & Hearth 
                                                                                


Log Racks & Carriers


Fatwood


Hearth Tools & Accessories




Rugs & Mats 
                                                                                


Indoor


Outdoor


Doormats


Waterhog Mats




Decor 
                                                                                


Wreaths & Wall Decorations


Blankets & Throws


Throw Pillows


Lamps


Storage & Organization


Home Accesories




Outdoors 
                                                                                


Patio Furniture


Hammocks


Grills & Fire Pits




Games & Books 
                                                                                


Games


Books




Dog Supplies 
                                                                                


Beds & Blankets


Collars, Leads & Leashes


Bowls &  Mats


Kennels & Wireless Fences


Dog Training & Hunting


Jackets


Grooming & Accessories




Featured 
                                                                                


New Arrivals


Waterhog Mats


Flannel Bedding


Down Bedding






Related Site Maps

Home & Decor Site Map






 





Back to Top




Change Country







































Kids' Clothing and Apparel | Shipped Free from L.L.Bean























Skip to main content













20% OFF Packs, Kids' Clothing and More



ONLINE & IN STORES. USE PROMO CODE: KIDS20. ENDS SUNDAY, 8/27

SHOP NOW







Terms and ConditionsSave 20% on select kids’ clothing and footwear, and backpacks purchased from L.L.Bean at llbean.com, by phone, at retail stores, or on the L.L.Bean App; not valid at L.L.Bean Outlets or through our global.llbean.com website. To redeem offer, either click through your promotional email; enter promo code KIDS20 during online checkout; or provide the code to a phone representative. No code is required for retail store purchases. Selection varies by store location. Offer applies to merchandise only and excludes shipping charges; return labels; taxes; license/stamps; gift cards; repairs; duty; engraving; monogramming; alterations; gift boxes; Bean Boots by L.L.Bean and Maine Hunting Shoes; select products at our retail stores; and Direct to Business orders. Not valid on previous purchases or with employee discounts. Cannot be combined with other percent-off or dollar-off discounts including Special Pricing promotions and other limited-time offers. All refunds will match the discounted amount on the purchase receipt. L.L.Bean reserves the right to deactivate promo code(s) in the event of fraud or technical issues and to limit quantities of individual items eligible for purchase with this discount. Offer valid from Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 12:01 a.m. ET, to Sunday, August 27, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. ET.











L.L.Bean



Shipped for Free. Guaranteed to Last.





 Menu
                








Search











Call Us





Find a Store

Your Closest Store:



                            Find a different store
                        






Log In





Shopping Bag


Wish List





















Shopping Bag











Added to Your Shopping Bag
					




Accessing Shopping Bag














L.L.Bean>Kids'
















































Girls' Shirts







Girls' Pants & Shorts







Boys' Shirts







Boys' Pants & Shorts










Outerwear







Kids' Backpacks







Sleepwear







Accessories











































Boys' 
                                                                                


Shirts & Tops


Pants & Shorts


Swimwear


Jackets & Outerwear


Pajamas & Robes


Long Underwear


Infants' & Toddlers'


Activewear


Accessories


Footwear


Featured




Girls' 
                                                                                


Shirts & Tops


Pants & Shorts


Skirts, Skorts & Dresses


Swimwear


Jackets & Outerwear


Pajamas & Robes


Long Underwear


Infants' & Toddlers'


Activewear


Accessories


Footwear


Featured




Infants' & Toddlers' 
                                                                                




Kids' Outerwear 
                                                                                


Boys' Outerwear


Girls' Outerwear




Kids' Swimwear 
                                                                                




Kids' Sleepwear 
                                                                                


Boys'


Girls'






Related Site Maps

Kids' Clothes Site Map





 





Back to Top




Change Country







































Sale at L.L.Bean: Quality Apparel & Gear, Shipped Free























Skip to main content













20% OFF Packs, Kids' Clothing and More



ONLINE & IN STORES. USE PROMO CODE: KIDS20. ENDS SUNDAY, 8/27

SHOP NOW







Terms and ConditionsSave 20% on select kids’ clothing and footwear, and backpacks purchased from L.L.Bean at llbean.com, by phone, at retail stores, or on the L.L.Bean App; not valid at L.L.Bean Outlets or through our global.llbean.com website. To redeem offer, either click through your promotional email; enter promo code KIDS20 during online checkout; or provide the code to a phone representative. No code is required for retail store purchases. Selection varies by store location. Offer applies to merchandise only and excludes shipping charges; return labels; taxes; license/stamps; gift cards; repairs; duty; engraving; monogramming; alterations; gift boxes; Bean Boots by L.L.Bean and Maine Hunting Shoes; select products at our retail stores; and Direct to Business orders. Not valid on previous purchases or with employee discounts. Cannot be combined with other percent-off or dollar-off discounts including Special Pricing promotions and other limited-time offers. All refunds will match the discounted amount on the purchase receipt. L.L.Bean reserves the right to deactivate promo code(s) in the event of fraud or technical issues and to limit quantities of individual items eligible for purchase with this discount. Offer valid from Tuesday, July 18, 2017, at 12:01 a.m. ET, to Sunday, August 27, 2017, at 11:59 p.m. ET.











L.L.Bean



Shipped for Free. Guaranteed to Last.





 Menu
                








Search











Call Us





Find a Store

Your Closest Store:



                            Find a different store
                        






Log In





Shopping Bag


Wish List





















Shopping Bag











Added to Your Shopping Bag
					




Accessing Shopping Bag














L.L.Bean>Sale



























Find great discounts on hundreds of L.L.Bean sale and clearance items.














































Two-A-Day Daily Markdown 
                                                                                


Clothing and Home Goods




Daily Markdown 
                                                                                


Daily Markdown




Women's 
                                                                                


Shirts & Tops


Skirts & Dresses


Pants & Jeans


Swimwear


Shorts & Skorts


Sweaters & Sweatshirts


Outerwear & Jackets


Activewear & Fitness Clothing


Underwear & Base Layers


Sleepwear


Accessories




Men's 
                                                                                


Shirts


Sweaters & Sweatshirts


Pants & Jeans


Shorts


Swimwear


Outerwear & Jackets


Sleepwear


Underwear & Base Layers


Activewear & Fitness Clothing


Accessories




Kids' 
                                                                                


Boys'


Girls'




Footwear 
                                                                                


Men's


Women's


Boys'


Girls'




Home Goods 
                                                                                


Bedding


Bath


Furniture


Fireplace & Hearth


Rugs & Mats


Decor


Outdoors


Dogs Supplies




Bags & Travel 
                                                                                


Backpacks


Luggage & Duffle Bags


Bags & Totes


Lunch Boxes


Travel Accessories




Outdoor Gear 
                                                                                


Camping


Hiking & Backpacking


Kayaking & Canoeing


Cycling


Car Racks & Gear


Electronics


Outdoor Accessories


Games & Recreation


Winter Sports


Sunglasses


Activewear & Fitness Clothing


Activewear & Fitness Clothing




Hunting & Fishing 
                                                                                


Fishing


Hunting




New to Sale 
                                                                                


Clothing


Footwear


Outdoor Equipment


Bags & Travel


Home Goods




Further Reduced 
                                                                                


Men's


Women's


Kids'


Outdoor Gear


Hunting & Fishing


Luggage


Home




Clearance 
                                                                                


Clothing


Footwear


Outdoor Equipment


Bags & Travel


Home Goods




Featured 
                                                                                


Apparel


Sale Outerwear






Related Site Maps

Sale Site Map






 





Back to Top




Change Country




















Wayfair.com - Online Home Store for Furniture, Decor, Outdoors & More


































Special Nonexistent Furniture

 

Skip to Main Content














































FREE Shipping Over $49*
    



            Registry
          



1
    Idea Boards
    












    Sign In
  

    New Customer? Sign Up



        Track My Order
      

        Wayfair Rewards
      

        Wayfair Credit Card
      

        Trade | Business
      


        Contact Us
      






Account








0

Cart
































prev arrowprev arrowCarousel itemShop by DepartmentFurnitureRugsOutdoorDécorBed & BathLightingKitchenStorage & OrganizationBaby & KidsHome ImprovementSalesCloseout;



Our Retail Brands




Joss & Main






AllModern






Birch Lane






DwellStudio






Wayfair Supply









              About Wayfair
            



              My Account
            



              Manage Email Subscriptions
            



              Help
            



              Careers
            



              Investors
            



              Advertise with Us
            



              Catalog
            
















    Call Us
  








Mon - Fri: 8am to 12am EST, Sat: 8am to 8 pm EST, Sun: 9am to 6pm EST




            Copyright 2002-2017 by Wayfair LLC, 4 Copley Place, 7th Floor, Boston, MA 02116
          


Terms of Use


Privacy


Interest-Based Ads


Shop Wayfair International


Logout






















            Your Customer Reference #:
            
              01-X-CSN
            





 


 














ServerT:0.58415818214417
27

