










 




Nazzic S. Keene: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 29, 2017 4:44 AM ET
IT Services

Company Overview of Science Applications International Corporation



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Nazzic S. Keene  COO & President of the Global Markets & Missions Sector, Science Applications International CorporationAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 2 different industries.See Board Relationships56$2,332,258As of Fiscal Year 2017
Background

		Ms. Nazzic S. Keene has been Chief Operating Officer at Science Applications International Corporation (formerly SAIC Gemini, Inc) since June 8, 2017 and as President of the Global Markets & Missions Sector since September 2013. Ms. Keene served as Sector President of Enterprise Information Technology at Science Applications International Corporation. Ms. Keene is responsible for customer relationship management, expanding the SAIC's long-term strategic business pipeline, ... driving growth and executive oversight of program execution across the enterprise. She joined Leidos Holdings, Inc. (formerly known as SAIC, Inc.) in August 2012 as Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Planning. She has three decades of diversified experience in the communications and information systems and technology services industries, with more than 20 years in executive management. Prior to joining Parent, she served as Senior Vice President and General Manager for U.S. Enterprise Markets at CGI. As a member of the CGI Global Executive Management Committee, she was involved in the leadership of CGI’s U.S. expansion, including strategy development and execution, operational excellence and leadership development. She began her career in the communications and IT industry. She has been a Director of Tragedy Assistance Program For Survivors (taps) since March 18, 2014. She serves as a Board Member of the Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts and also served as an executive committee member for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, National Capital Region. Ms. Keene holds Bachelor’s degree at the University of Arizona.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1710 SAIC DriveMcLean, Virginia 22102United StatesPhone: 703-676-4300Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2014-PresentDirectorTragedy Assistance Program For Survivors (taps)
Education
Bachelor's Degree The University of Arizona
Other Affiliations
Leidos Holdings, Inc.The University of ArizonaTragedy Assistance Program For Survivors (taps)


Annual Compensation
Salary$614,039Total Annual Compensation$614,039
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$892,539All Other Compensation$16,677Exercised Options$30,916Exercised Options Value$1,409,770Exercisable Options$135,727Exercisable Options Value$7,174,567Unexercisable Options$87,816Unexercisable Options Value$3,506,984Total Value of Options$12,091,321Total Number of Options$254,459
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$1,142,213Total Short Term Compensation$614,039Other Long Term Compensation$909,216Total Calculated Compensation$2,332,258




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationRichard A. Montoni Chief Executive Officer and DirectorMAXIMUS, Inc.$725.0KDenise L. Ramos Chief Executive Officer, President & DirectorITT Inc.$1.0MRupert C. Soames OBEGroup Chief Executive Officer and DirectorSerco Group plc$1.9MStuart J. B. Bradie Chief Executive Officer, President, Group President of Engineering & Construction and DirectorKBR, Inc.$1.0MLawrence B. Prior IIIPresident, CEO & DirectorCSRA Inc.$856.3KCompensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Science Applications International Corporation, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































SAIC Chief Operating Officer And Sector President Nazzic Keene (Photo: Business Wire) - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































SAIC Chief Operating Officer And Sector President Nazzic Keene (Photo: Business Wire)






Business Wire




Jun 8, 2017 4:30 PM EDT













 


















































  Science Applications International Corp. (NYSE: SAIC) announced today the appointment of Nazzic S. Keene as chief operating officer (COO). The move expands Keene's executive roles to include both COO and president of the Global Markets & Missions Sector. The change is effective immediately. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170608006208/en/   SAIC Chief Operating Officer and Sector President Nazzic Keene (Photo: Business Wire)   "Nazzic is a strong leader and trusted partner and has been instrumental in determining SAIC's strategic direction, ensuring that we are guided by our commitment to our customers' missions and to operating with the highest integrity," CEO Tony Moraco said. "With Nazzic as COO and sector president, we will increase our market leadership and accelerate the execution of our long-term strategy, Ingenuity 2025, for sustained profitable growth."  As sector president, Keene's responsibilities have included customer relationship management, growing the company's strategic business pipeline, driving growth, and overseeing program execution across the company. As COO, her expanded portfolio will include the Services & Solutions Sector and the functional responsibilities of Communications, Contracts & Pricing, Information Technology, and Procurement.  Keene, who joined SAIC in August 2012 as senior vice president for corporate strategy and planning, played a key role in the spin-off of SAIC from its former parent company in September 2013. Before joining SAIC, she was the senior vice president and general manager for U.S. Enterprise Markets at CGI Group Inc., and led the company's U.S. expansion. She is a graduate of the University of Arizona and a recipient of the Washington Business Journal's "Women Who Mean Business Award."  SAIC also announced it is relocating its corporate headquarters from McLean, Virginia, to Reston, Virginia. The new headquarters will be in leased space in the building previously occupied by Scitor Corp., which SAIC acquired in 2015.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













If You Love America and Billionaire Warren Buffett, Buy Bank of America
Here's why.



Ellen Chang

Jul 5, 2017 11:44 AM EDT
























A Broad Stock Market Correction Would Unleash the Ugly Stick: Market Recon
You have done your homework. Believe in it. Stay patient.



Stephen Guilfoyle

Jun 12, 2017 7:16 AM EDT
























Exelon, Valley National Bancorp, Skyworks Solutions: 'Mad Money' Lightning Round
Jim Cramer is bullish on Exelon and Valley National Bancorp, but he's bearish on AxoGen and SeaDrill Limited.



Scott Rutt

Apr 12, 2017 6:17 AM EDT
























The Real Trump Trade May Be Gold: Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap (Tuesday 4/11/17)
Political negatives keep popping up, forcing us to rethink the Trump trade, says Jim Cramer.



Scott Rutt

Apr 12, 2017 6:03 AM EDT








































 











Trending


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says


Tesla CEO Elon Musk: We Are Going to Be in Production Hell for 6 Months











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















  Nazzic Keene | Women Worth Watching


















































 






by Company
by Industry

Aerospace
Automotive
Banking
Chemicals
Consumer Goods
Education
Energy
Engineering
Environmental
Financial
Food/Beverage
Government
Health Care
Hospitality
Industrials
Insurance
Legal
Media
Nonprofit
Pharmaceuticals
Professional Services
Real Estate
Retail
Staffing
Technology
Telecom
Transportation


by Year

2017 STEM
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006








 
 


Contact
Issues
Nominate
About


 

Home »
Technology » Nazzic Keene					
 

 




 

Technology

 


Education: BS, University of Arizona
First Job: Aside from babysitting in my high school years, my first official job was a receptionist/secretary for an automobile dealership.
What I'm Reading: Inferno, by Dan Brown and Winning, by Jack Welch and Suzy Welch.
My Philosophy: Embrace change. The past is the past and tomorrow is promised to no one, so make the absolute best of today. I try and remember this daily, in both my personal and professional life.
Headquarters: McLean, Virginia
Annual Revenues: $11.2 billion
Employees: 38,000



  

Nazzic Keene • SAIC
President, Enterprise 
Information Technology Sector.
 2013 award winner

  Sep 8, 2013 |  Technology | 1 comment 

Much of my leadership style, and who I am today, can be attributed to the values instilled in me by my mother. She raised three children on her own, working full-time and raising three strong-willed daughters. With her as my role model, I learned very early in life the value of independence, resourcefulness, and how to embrace change.  
As my career and my leadership style have evolved, I’ve tried to live and work by one simple principle: Do what you say, and say what you do. It’s simple, but powerful. It demonstrates a sense of transparency and ethics that is important to me personally and professionally. By staying true to your beliefs, the organization will always be a better place for it. This will ultimately create an environment of trust and collaboration throughout all levels of a team.  
Through it all, I’ve also learned that it is important to be myself. I decided early on that my success would be based on my own style, hard work and merits, and originality. It is important as a leader to know who you are and appreciate and leverage your strengths. But it is just as important to recognize those areas in which your colleagues can help you become a better leader. For those starting out in their careers, it’s important to find your own style, learn how it best fits in with the organization, and always be true to yourself.  
First and foremost, I am a mom, and like many working moms and dads, I have been faced with the challenge of balancing work and home. I am so proud of the young adults my children have become and I hope that I have been, and will continue to be, the positive role model to them as my mother has been for me. Much of my time outside of work, however little that is, is spent traveling or simply enjoying our home with my husband. I live to enjoy every day.
How has education affected your career?  
I knew in order to succeed, I needed an education, and I did whatever was necessary to achieve that goal, juggling my studies and various full-time jobs to receive that degree. 
What does it take to succeed and stay competitive in your position/field? 
Surrounding yourself with a diverse team with different talents, strengths, and ways of solving issues creates a successful organization. Everyone has special talents. 
 
 
 



1 Comment





Nov10



Wolfe van Brussel 
You are an inspiration too!
 
Reply
 
 










               Leave a Comment            
 
Click here to cancel reply.   



Name                        (required)                        



Mail (will not be published)                        (required)                        



Website










 
 


 
 

2017 WWW – Read Now! 
Recent CommentsLoading... 
  

 
 



 
A Diversity Journal company
 
 

















2017 Women Worth Watching in STEM Winners View Here

 ∫
















SAIC » Nazzic Keene
















































Technology Solutions

Big Data
Cloud
Cybersecurity
IT Managed Services
Networks & Communications
Software & Mobility Services



Mission-SETA

Business & Mission Strategy
Systems Engineering




Simulation & Training

Simulation & Analysis
Training & Education



Logistics & Supply Chain

Commercial, Off-the-Shelf Facilities Maintenance
Product Support & Sustainment




Crisis Management & Security

Force Protection
Critical Infrastructure
Security & Surveillance
Public Safety Communications



Intelligence Services





Close





Federal Government

Federal Contract Vehicles



National Security





Commercial




State & Local Government





Close





About SAIC

Core Values
Quality
Diversity
Citizenship
Leadership
Locations
Small Business
Newsroom



Join Us

Why SAIC?
For Military Professionals
For Experienced Professionals
For Cleared Professionals
Apply to SAIC
College Recruiting




Investors

Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Events Calendar
Corporate Governance
Dividend Information
Investor Alerts
News Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Stockholder Resources



SAIC Employee Tools

Outlook Web Access
Deltek  T&E
Access ISSAIC
Service Desk
SAIC Benefits Information




Close












Home
About SAIC
Leadership
Nazzic Keene



Chief Operating Officer and Sector President
Nazzic S. Keene










Nazzic S. Keene is chief operating officer (COO) of SAIC and president of the company’s Global Markets and Missions Sector.
As COO, Keene oversees daily operations of the corporation, including its long-term strategy for sustained profitable growth. As Sector President, she has executive responsibility for customer relationship management, expanding the company’s strategic business pipeline, driving growth, and executive oversight of program execution.
Upon joining SAIC in 2012, Keene became the Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Planning and was instrumental in the spin-off of SAIC in 2013.
Keene has three decades of diversified experience in the information systems and technology services industries, with more than 20 years in executive management. Prior to joining SAIC, Keene was the Senior Vice President and general manager for U.S. Enterprise Markets at CGI, and led the company’s U.S. expansion. This included all aspects from strategy development and execution to operational excellence and leadership development.
Keene began her career in the communications and IT industry after completing her bachelor’s degree at the University of Arizona. She is the recipient of the Washington Business Journal’s Women Who Mean Business Award.
Keene serves on the board of Capital Partners for Education and has previously served on the boards of Year-Up National Capital Region and the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS). She was also a member of the executive committee member of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, National Capital Region.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC’s approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit www.saic.com.


Printable biography
High-resolution portrait











∫
















SAIC » Nazzic Keene
















































Technology Solutions

Big Data
Cloud
Cybersecurity
IT Managed Services
Networks & Communications
Software & Mobility Services



Mission-SETA

Business & Mission Strategy
Systems Engineering




Simulation & Training

Simulation & Analysis
Training & Education



Logistics & Supply Chain

Commercial, Off-the-Shelf Facilities Maintenance
Product Support & Sustainment




Crisis Management & Security

Force Protection
Critical Infrastructure
Security & Surveillance
Public Safety Communications



Intelligence Services





Close





Federal Government

Federal Contract Vehicles



National Security





Commercial




State & Local Government





Close





About SAIC

Core Values
Quality
Diversity
Citizenship
Leadership
Locations
Small Business
Newsroom



Join Us

Why SAIC?
For Military Professionals
For Experienced Professionals
For Cleared Professionals
Apply to SAIC
College Recruiting




Investors

Analyst Coverage
Annual Reports
Events Calendar
Corporate Governance
Dividend Information
Investor Alerts
News Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Stockholder Resources



SAIC Employee Tools

Outlook Web Access
Deltek  T&E
Access ISSAIC
Service Desk
SAIC Benefits Information




Close












Home
About SAIC
Leadership
Nazzic Keene



Chief Operating Officer and Sector President
Nazzic S. Keene










Nazzic S. Keene is chief operating officer (COO) of SAIC and president of the company’s Global Markets and Missions Sector.
As COO, Keene oversees daily operations of the corporation, including its long-term strategy for sustained profitable growth. As Sector President, she has executive responsibility for customer relationship management, expanding the company’s strategic business pipeline, driving growth, and executive oversight of program execution.
Upon joining SAIC in 2012, Keene became the Senior Vice President for Corporate Strategy and Planning and was instrumental in the spin-off of SAIC in 2013.
Keene has three decades of diversified experience in the information systems and technology services industries, with more than 20 years in executive management. Prior to joining SAIC, Keene was the Senior Vice President and general manager for U.S. Enterprise Markets at CGI, and led the company’s U.S. expansion. This included all aspects from strategy development and execution to operational excellence and leadership development.
Keene began her career in the communications and IT industry after completing her bachelor’s degree at the University of Arizona. She is the recipient of the Washington Business Journal’s Women Who Mean Business Award.
Keene serves on the board of Capital Partners for Education and has previously served on the boards of Year-Up National Capital Region and the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors (TAPS). She was also a member of the executive committee member of the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, National Capital Region.
SAIC is a premier technology integrator providing full life cycle services and solutions in the technical, engineering, intelligence, and enterprise information technology markets. SAIC is Redefining Ingenuity through its deep customer and domain knowledge to enable the delivery of systems engineering and integration offerings for large, complex projects. SAIC’s approximately 15,000 employees are driven by integrity and mission focus to serve customers in the U.S. federal government. Headquartered in Reston, Virginia, SAIC has annual revenues of approximately $4.5 billion. For more information, visit www.saic.com.


Printable biography
High-resolution portrait














Nazzic Keene








































Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar
Intelligence Community NewsBreaking news about the market for products, systems and services for the U.S. intelligence communityHeader Right Your source for breaking news from across the intelligence community contracting landscape, delivered daily

Main navigationNazzic KeeneSAIC announces COO and headquarters relocation
June 12, 2017 by Loren Blinde Science Applications International Corp. announced on June 8 the appointment of Nazzic Keene as chief operating officer (COO). The move expands Keene’s executive roles to include both COO and president of the Global Markets & Missions Sector. The change is effective immediately.

“Nazzic is a … [Read more...] about SAIC announces COO and headquarters relocationSAIC completes Scitor acquisition
May 4, 2015 by Loren Blinde Science Applications International Corp. of McLean, VA announced on May 4 that it has completed the acquisition of Scitor Holdings, Inc. for $790 million in an all cash transaction. This highly complementary acquisition accelerates SAIC's entry to the intelligence community by providing access to … [Read more...] about SAIC completes Scitor acquisitionPrimary SidebarSign up for our FREE daily e-newsletter
Sign Up NowFor Email Newsletters you can trust.

Search
Search this website
Register for the GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit
Defense Strategies Institute will hold the 2nd GEOINT & Open Source Analytics Summit on September 19-20, 2017. Early registration is going on now, and seating is limited. Register today!

ICN announces partnership with GTSC
Intelligence Community News is proud to partner with the Government Technology and Services Coalition, the leading industry organization dedicated to driving innovation and helping small and mid-size companies do business with the U.S. Intelligence Community. Intelligence Community News readers who become members of GTSC will gain access to exclusive bonuses, and ICN will work with GTSC to promote private sector innovation.  

News Categories
News Categories
Select Category
Biz Opps
Category #1
   Sub Category 1.1
      Sub Category 2.1
         Sub Category 3.1
         Sub Category 3.2
         Sub Category 3.3
      Sub Category 2.2
      Sub Category 2.3
   Sub Category 1.2
   Sub Category 1.3
Category #2
Category #3
Category #4
Category #5
Company News
Congress
Contract Awards
Entertainment
   Celebrities
   Movies
   Television
Intel Agencies
International
Music
   Alternative
   Country
   Hip Hop
   Rock & Roll
People
Policies
Politics
   Campaigns
   Issues
Products & Services
Programs
Sports
   Baseball
   Basketball
   Football
Technology
   Cameras
   Gadgets
Uncategorized



Recent Comments
Loren Blinde on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob D on Army posts RFI for CECOM SEC supportBob Walther on IARPA posts draft BAA for Ithildin programThomas on Michael Ryan joins DHPC Technologies as director of cyber electro-magnetic activitiesCherif Lefevre on DIA Director for Analysis briefs Congress on tradecraft
Our recent articles
Our recent articles

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 January 2013 


Tags
AFRL BAA
Air Force Research Lab
Air Force Research Laboratory
Army RFI
BAE Systems
Boeing
C4ISR
CACI
CIA
cybersecurity
DARPA
Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
Defense Intelligence Agency
Department of Homeland Security
Engility
GEOINT
Harris
Harris Corporation
House Intelligence Committee
IARPA
Inc.
intel community
Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity
Intelligence Community
intelligence surveillance reconnaissance
ISR
James Clapper
John Mengucci
Ken Asbury
Leidos
Lockheed Martin
MacAulay-Brown
MacB
ManTech
Mercury Systems
metered
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
National Security Agency
NGA
Northrop Grumman
ODNI
Office of the Director of National Intelligence
Raytheon
SAIC
SPAWAR

Secondary SidebarIC Industry Spotlight
Introducing a new feature of Intelligence Community News, the IC Industry Spotlight. Want to see your organization here? Learn how.
























