

Debra J. Kelly-Ennis: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 9:43 PM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of TFI International Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Debra J. Kelly-Ennis  Director, TFI International Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 5 Board Members in 5 different organizations across 15 different industries.See Board Relationships60--
Background

		Ms. Debra J. Kelly-Ennis has been an Independent Director of Altria Group Inc. since February 26, 2013; Dress for Success Worldwide since 2007. Ms. Kelly-Ennis has extensive marketing and practical managerial experience, gained by 30 years working with consumer brand corporations, as well as over 14 years of public company board experience. She served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo PLC from September 1, 2008 ... to July 1, 2012. She served as an Advisor of Diageo PLC from July 1, 2012 to January 7, 2013. She served as the Chief Marketing Officer of North American Division at Diageo PLC from April 25, 2005 to August 31, 2008 and Chief Marketing Officer of Diageo North America Inc., from April 25, 2005 to September 1, 2008. She served as President and Chief Operating Officer at Saab Cars USA Inc. from September 2002 to April 2005. She spearheaded several significant marketing initiatives, including Ciroc vodka's alliance with Sean Combs and helped unify the sales and marketing teams, greatly impacting the growth of Diageo's brands in the U.S. She worked with American Household, Inc. She joined the world's leading spirits, wine and beer company from General Motor's, led the division to set U.S. sales records for new and used cars, as well as parts and accessories in 2003. She led the most aggressive new product offensive in Saab's history, including the revamping of many retail outlets and a new, multi-faceted advertising campaign. Ms. Kelly-Ennis has held a number of non-automotive marketing and sales leadership roles as well as general management positions with leading companies such as RJR/Nabisco and Grand Metropolitan PLC. She served as General Manager of the Oldsmobile Division of General Motors Corporation from May 2000 to September 2001 and served as Brand Manager of General Motors’ Chevrolet Division from March 1999 to April 2000. She served as the Vice President and General Manager of the Household Products Division at Sunbeam Corp. since 1998. She served as the Senior Vice President of Marketing at Gerber Products Company, a division of Novartis Corporation since 1995. She has been a Director of TFI International Inc. since May 29, 2017. Ms. Kelly-Ennis serves as a Director of the Pulte Corporation. She has been a Director of Carnival Corporation & Plc, Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc since April 2012. She served as an Independent Director of Herc Rentals Inc. She served as a Director of The Hertz Corporation since May 2013 until October 17, 2015 and TFI International Inc. since May 2013 until October 15, 2015. She served as a Director of PulteGroup, Inc. from September 1997 to September 8, 2016. She received the Women's Automotive International Professional Achievement Award in 2003. She has been honored as one of the Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada in 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and was named Leading Chief Executive Officer in 2010 by the Toronto Human Resources Professional Association. She holds a Bachelor's degree from University of Texas in 1979 and an MBA from the University of Houston in 1981. She completed the Executive Leadership Program at Harvard Business School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
8801 Trans-Canada HighwayMontreal, Quebec H4S 1Z6CanadaPhone: --Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2012-PresentDirector Carnival Corporation2012-PresentDirectorCarnival plc2012-PresentDirectorCarnival Corporation & plc2013-PresentIndependent DirectorAltria Group, Inc.2017-PresentDirectorTFI International Inc.
Education
Bachelor's Degree 1979The University of Texas SystemMBA 1981University of Houston System
Other Affiliations
American Household, Inc.Carnival CorporationPulteGroup, Inc.Altria Group, Inc.The University of Texas SystemThe Hertz CorporationDiageo plcCarnival plcGerber Products CompanyUniversity of Houston SystemDiageo North America Inc.Diageo Canada Inc.Saab Cars USA Inc.Sunoco LPHertz Global Holdings, Inc.Carnival Corporation & plc


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONNamePosition/CompanyCompensationJames B. Gattoni President, CEO & DirectorLandstar System, Inc.$450.0KRichard  Stocking Chief Executive Officer and PresidentSwift Transportation Company$562.8KDerek J. Leathers Chief Executive Officer and PresidentWerner Enterprises, Inc.$1.1MJohn M. Beck CEO, President & DirectorAecon Group Inc.$729.7KSteven R. Spaulding President, CEO & DirectorGibson Energy Inc.--Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact TFI International Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close







































	
	Debra J. Kelly-Ennis - Altria


































































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.






















                                    Board of Directors & Committees
                                















20mins. delay



Media
Careers



Connect


































About AltriaCurrently selectedOur CompaniesResponsibilityInvestors














 




















Altria | About Altria | Board of Directors & Committees | Debra J. Kelly-Ennis




































At-A-Glance
Financial StrengthAwards & RecognitionOur Stories
Our Mission & ValuesOur LeadershipOur HeritageOur EmployeesBoard of Directors & CommitteesCurrently selected
Board of Directors At-A-GlanceBoard of DirectorsBoard IndependenceBoard Committees
Board Committees At-A-GlanceAudit CommitteeCompensation CommitteeExecutive CommitteeFinance CommitteeInnovation CommitteeNominating, Corporate Governance & Social Responsibility Committee

Corporate Governance
Financial AccountabilityArticles of IncorporationExecutive CompensationBy-LawsCorporate Governance Guidelines
Government Affairs
Compliance & OversightPrograms & Practices
Legislative Issues
Political ActionFederal Regulation of TobaccoExcise TaxesCharacterizing FlavorsSales BansIllicit TradePreventing Underage Tobacco UseTort Reform and Appeal Bond CapsPublic Place Smoking RestrictionsMaster Settlement AgreementOther Issues

Disclosures & Transparency
Political ContributionsState Lobbying Disclosures
Engaging with Others
Altria Ventures
Our Focus AreasConnect with Our Team
Federal Regulation of Tobacco
Regulatory Filings


























                                    
	
			Board of Directors - Debra J. Kelly-Ennis
		

                                










​​






Debra J. Kelly-Ennis​Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Diageo Canada, Inc.
Etobicoke, Ontario, CanadaDirector Since: 2013
Birth Year: 1957

 
 
Ms. Kelly-Ennis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. From 2005 to 2008, she was Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America, Inc., another subsidiary of Diageo plc. Ms. Kelly-Ennis has also held marketing, sales and general management positions with RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, General Motors Corporation and Grand Metropolitan PLC. She is a director of Carnival Corporation & plc and TFI International Inc. She also serves as Director Emeritus of Dress for Success Worldwide. She previously served as a director of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. from 2013 to October 2015 and PulteGroup, Inc. from 1995 to September 2016​.
​​
Ms. Kelly-Ennis is a member of the Audit, Innovation and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committees.


Download Printer Friendly Format​
View Other DirectorsGerald L. Baliles Gerald L. BalilesRetired ​Director and Chief Executive Officer, Miller Center of Public Affairs, Charlottesville, VA View BioMartin J. Barrington Martin J. BarringtonChairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Altria Group, Inc., Richmond, VA View BioJohn T. Casteen III John T. Casteen III​President Emeritus, University of Virginia, Charlottesville, VA View BioDinyar S. Devitre Dinyar S. DevitreFormer Chief Financial Officer, Altria Group, Inc., New York, NY View BioThomas F. Farrell II Thomas F. Farrell II​Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Dominion Energy, Inc., Richmond, VA View BioW. Leo Kiely III W. Leo Kiely III​Retired Chief Executive Officer, MillerCoors LLC, Golden, CO View BioKathryn B. McQuade Kathryn B. McQuade​Retired Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, Calgary, Alberta, Canada View BioGeorge Muñoz George Muñoz​Principal, Muñoz Investment Banking Group, LLC, Washington, D.C.
Partner, Tobin & Muñoz, Chicago, IL View BioNabil Y. Sakkab Nabil Y. Sakkab​Retired Senior Vice President, Corporate Research and Development,
The Procter & Gamble Company, Cincinnati, OH View BioVirginia E. Shanks Virginia E. ShanksExecutive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer, Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., Las Vegas, NV​ View Bio







































































Debra J Kelly-ennis - West Palm Beach, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Debra J Kelly-Ennis in West Palm Beach, FL


Debra J Kelly-Ennis

                                                                                       Intelius found that Debra J Kelly-ennis  is  a female between 60 and 60 years old from West Palm Beach, FL.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                13 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Ennis Debra Kelly
Debra Kelly Ennis
Deb  Kelly
Debra  Kelly


Get Report Now

Age

Debra J Kelly-Ennis is in her 60s

Debra Has Lived In

West Palm Beach, FL
Duluth, GA
Delray Beach, FL

Debra's Relatives

Francis Ennis
Anissa Kelly
Timothy Ennis







Debra J Kelly-Ennis



Zodiac SignCapricorn



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Member, Board of Directors at HERC Holdings Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Debra? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Debra, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Debra J Kelly-Ennis
Get a Criminal Check on Debra J Kelly-Ennis
Get a Public Record Report on Debra J Kelly-Ennis
Get a People Search Report on Debra J Kelly-Ennis


Debra J Kelly-Ennis's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Debra J Kelly-Ennis has lived as well as Debra J Kelly-Ennis's phone numbers and email addresses.




Debra J Kelly-Ennis Has Lived in 6 States
Florida Address for Debra J Kelly-Ennis


119 M******* V** 

West Palm Beach, FL


Has Lived In

West Palm Beach, FL
Duluth, GA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Debra J Kelly-Ennis

(561) ***-**** - West Palm Beach, FL 
(313) ***-**** - Detroit, MI 
(561) ***-**** - Boca Raton, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Debra J Kelly-Ennis

k**********d@***.com
d**********s@***.com
d***************s@***.com


Get Email Report




Debra J Kelly-Ennis's Professional Information
Information regarding Debra J Kelly-Ennis's professional history.  Find out previous places Debra J Kelly-Ennis has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Debra J Kelly-Ennis Has Worked at 8 Places
Company: HERC Holdings Inc.
               Title: Member, Board of Directors
Company: Saab AB
               Title: Chief Executive Officer
Debra J Kelly-Ennis's Experience
Title: Member, Board of Directors
               Company: HERC Holdings Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 1,000 to less than 5,000
Title: Chief Executive Officer
               Company: Saab AB
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Debra J Kelly-Ennis

 See Debra J Kelly-Ennis's LinkedIn Profile



Debra J Kelly-Ennis's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Debra J Kelly-Ennis


Debra J Kelly-Ennis's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Debra J Kelly-Ennis's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Debra Kelly-ennis
Username Matches

                  DebraKelly-ennis
                  Kelly-ennisDebra
                  Debra.Kelly-ennis
                  Kelly-ennis.Debra
                  Debra_Kelly-ennis
                  Kelly-ennis_Debra
                  Debra-Kelly-ennis
                  Kelly-ennis-Debra
                  DKelly-ennis
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
D Kelly-ennis







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











   Debra Kelly-Ennis | Diageo North America , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com








Debra J. Kelly-Ennis - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In




















Debra J. Kelly-Ennis
Board Member at Carnival


View Full Profile
Are you Debra J. Kelly-Ennis? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Debra J. Kelly-Ennis through your network of contacts.
												








Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Altria Group, Inc.


Board Member, 
Carnival


Past
To view Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's Biography



Ms. Kelly-Ennis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. From 2005 to 2008, she was Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America, Inc., another subsidiary of Diageo plc. Ms. Kelly-Ennis has also held marketing, sales and general management positions with RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, General Motors Corporation and Grand Metropolitan PLC.
 
Other Current Public Directorships: Carnival Corporation & plc
 
Prior Public Company Directorships (within the last five years): Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (2013 to Oct ...
(Read More)

			Ms. Kelly-Ennis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. From 2005 to 2008, she was Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America, Inc., another subsidiary of Diageo plc. Ms. Kelly-Ennis has also held marketing, sales and general management positions with RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca-Cola Company, General Motors Corporation and Grand Metropolitan PLC.
 
Other Current Public Directorships: Carnival Corporation & plc
 
Prior Public Company Directorships (within the last five years): Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (2013 to October 2015); PulteGroup, Inc. (1995 to September 2016).
 
Other Directorships, Trusteeships and Memberships: Dress for Success Worldwide (Director Emeritus).
 
Director Qualifications:
The Nominating, Corporate Governance and Social Responsibility Committee believes that Ms. Kelly-Ennis's leadership experiences, particularly her positions as an executive with several large, consumer-focused companies in multiple industries, and her significant marketing, sales and distribution experience at large publicly-held companies, including companies in the consumer packaged goods industry, provide clear support for her nomination for election to our Board.
		
Source: Altria Group, Inc. on 02/24/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Debra J. Kelly-Ennis. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Debra J. Kelly-Ennis through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Debra J. Kelly-Ennis


















Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's Connections (147)





Sign up now to view Debra J. Kelly-Ennis's 147 connections »









David R. Beran
Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Altria Group, Inc.









Arnold W. Donald
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Carnival









Vincent J. Intrieri
Board Member, Navistar International Corporation









Martin J. Barrington
President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Altria Group, Inc.









Andre J. Hawaux
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc.









Bryce Blair
Board Member, Regency Centers Corporation









Tyler A. Best
Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer, Hertz Global Holdings, Inc.









Harmon D. Smith
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, PulteGroup, Inc.









Brian P. Anderson
Board Member, W.W. Grainger, Inc.









James E. Dillard
Senior Vice President, Research, Development and Regulatory Affairs, Altria Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


































 



 Hertz’s Board Welcomes Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis as Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Hertz's Board Welcomes Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis as Directors

May 15, 2013, 14:31 ET
		  		  					
						 from   The Hertz Corporation 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







The Hertz Corporation.  (PRNewsFoto/The Hertz Corporation)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




The Hertz Corporation.  (PRNewsFoto/The Hertz Corporation)
 


 

 




 





 


PARK RIDGE, N.J., May 15, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:   HTZ) ("Hertz" together with its subsidiaries, the "Company" or "we") announced that Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis have been elected by the Board of Directors of Hertz and The Hertz Corporation as directors.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110810/NY50373LOGO)
Carolyn Everson serves as Vice President of Global Marketing Solutions for Facebook, Inc., where she manages the global marketing solutions team focused on expanding advertising revenue and managing significant, strategic accounts.  Before Facebook, Inc. Ms. Everson served as Corporate Vice President of Global Ad Sales and Strategy of Microsoft Corporation from 2010 to 2011.  Previous to Microsoft Corporation, Ms. Everson held various advertising management positions at MTV Networks Company from 2004 to 2010, including serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Ad Sales from 2008 to 2010. Prior to MTV, she served in roles of increasing responsibility with respect to business development and advertising at Primedia, Inc., Zagat Surveys LLC and Walt Disney Imagineering.
Debra J. Kelly-Ennis served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. From 2005 to 2008, she was Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of Diageo plc.  Previous to her positions at Diageo plc, Ms. Kelly-Ennis served in various management roles at General Motors Corporation ("GM"), including serving as President and COO of Saab Cars USA from 2002 to 2005, General Manager of Oldsmobile from 2000 to 2002 and a Chevrolet Brand Manager from 1999 to 2000.  Previous to GM, she held marketing and management roles of increasing responsibility with leading companies such as RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca Cola Company and Grand Metropolitan PLC.   She has been honored as one of the Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada in 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and was named Leading Chief Executive Officer in 2010 by the Toronto Human Resources Professional Association.  She has been a director of PulteGroup, Inc. since September 1997, where she serves on the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, Altria Group, Inc. since February 2013, where she serves on the Innovation Committee as well as the Governance and Social Responsibility Committees, and Carnival plc and Carnival Corporation since April 2012, where she serves on the Health, Environmental, Safety and Security Committee. 
Mark P. Frissora, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hertz, said, "We are exceptionally fortunate to attract to our Board two top echelon executives with significant experience relevant to our businesses. Carolyn Everson is a strategic, operationally-oriented marketing executive with a strong reputation as a thought leader in social media and new forms of reaching consumers through digital platforms. Carolyn's experience will be invaluable as Hertz expands its online and social media capabilities to attract new customers and provide best-in-class online services.  Debra Kelly-Ennis has extensive experience leading large business organizations and marketing global brands which will be invaluable as Hertz continues to differentiate from the competition and to deepen customer loyalty across multiple brands.  Additionally, under Debra's leadership, Diageo Canada was recognized four consecutive years for creating a positive work environment, experience we will leverage as Hertz continues to improve employee satisfaction."
ABOUT HERTZ
Hertz is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental brand, operating from approximately 10,460 corporate and licensee locations in approximately 150 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand.  Hertz is the largest airport general use car rental brand, operating from approximately 8,960 corporate and licensee locations in approximately 150 countries. Our Dollar and Thrifty brands have approximately 1,500 corporate and franchise locations in 85 countries. Hertz is the number one airport car rental brand in the U.S. and at 120 major airports in Europe.  Hertz is an inaugural member of Travel + Leisure's World's Best Awards Hall of Fame and was recently named, for the thirteenth time, by the magazine's readers as the Best Car Rental Agency. Hertz was also voted the Best Overall Car Rental Company in Zagat's 2012/13 U.S. Car Rental Survey, earning top honors in 14 additional categories, and the Company swept the global awards for Best Rewards Program and Best Overall Benefits from FlyerTalk.com. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, and unique cars and SUVs offered through the Company's Adrenaline, Prestige and Green Traveler Collections, also set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation and operates the Hertz On Demand car sharing business. The Company also owns a leading North American equipment rental business, Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation, which includes Hertz Entertainment Services. 
 SOURCE  The Hertz Corporation  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.hertz.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















May 30, 2013, 15:22 ET
Preview: Hertz Optimizes Travel Experience In And Out Of Car With Updates To Award-Winning NeverLost® GPS And My Explore™ Mobile App














My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





May 08, 2017, 16:16 ET
Hertz Global Holdings Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results






 More news releases in:

  Automotive
  Transportation, Trucking & Railroad
  Banking & Financial Services
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




News on Debra Kelly-Ennis


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Debra Kelly-Ennis                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Debra Kelly-Ennis











TFI International Announces Appointment to Board of Directors


                                May 31, 2017                                 • 
                                Marketwired                            


                                  ... the transportation and logistics industry, is pleased to announce the appointment of Debra Kelly-Ennis to its Board of Directors, effective May 29, 2017. Ms. Kelly-Ennis ...
                                









PulteGroup appoints new board member


                                September 26, 2016                                 • 
                                Marketline Newswire                            


                                  ... in the US. PulteGroup also announced that, after two decades of service, Debra Kelly-Ennis will resign from the Board effective immediately. "We have benefitted from ...
                                









PulteGroup strikes deal with activist founder, names new CEO


                                September 9, 2016                                 • 
                                SNL Real Estate Daily                            


                                  ... cabinet manufacturer Olon Group Inc. Concurrent with the move, longtime board member Debra Kelly-Ennis stepped down effective immediately. ...
                                









Carnival Corporation's New Sustainability Report Highlights Key Environmental and Social Initiatives


                                January 12, 2016                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... sustainability report - highlights include: Spotlighting Carnival Corporation & plc Board Member Debra Kelly-Ennis for her leadership and board membership since 2012.Designing and developing an ...
                                









Debra Kelly-Ennis donated $5,000 to Altria Group Inc. Political Action Committee on November 4, 2015 according to recent disclosures


                                December 23, 2015                                 • 
                                RelSci Data Update                            










Earnings Review - Altria Group Inc.


                                July 28, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... price of $41.92. On June 30, 2014, Directors, Kathryn B. McQuade, Debra J. Kelly-Ennis and Thomas F. Farrell II, have bought 447, 596, and 298 ...
                                









Hertz's Board Welcomes Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis as Directors


                                May 15, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            










The end of gender bias in hiring corporate leaders is nearing, predicts global executive search firm.


                                March 7, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... line with the slow but upward trajectory voiced by the Rosenzweig Report. Debra Kelly-Ennis, a Board Director at Carnival Corp., Altria, and Dress for Success ...
                                









The end of gender bias in hiring corporate leaders is nearing, predicts global executive search firm


                                March 7, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... line with the slow but upward trajectory voiced by the Rosenzweig Report. Debra Kelly-Ennis, a Board Director at Carnival Corp., Altria, and Dress for Success ...
                                









The end of gender bias in hiring corporate leaders is nearing, predicts global executive search firm


                                March 7, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            










Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Elected to Altria's Board of Directors.


                                February 26, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Elected to Altria's Board of Directors. . Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Elected to Altria's Board of Directors Altria Group, Inc. (Altria) (NYSE:MO) ...
                                









Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Elected to Altria's Board of Directors


                                February 26, 2013                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... (Altria) (NYSE:MO) today announced that its Board of Directors (Board) elected Debra J. Kelly-Ennis to the Board. With the addition of Ms. Kelly-Ennis, Altria's Board ...
                                







Related News Feeds






General Motors Company







Automobiles







Board and Executive Moves in Automobiles







Diageo Plc

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


























Hertz's Board Welcomes Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis as Directors - May 15, 2013












































Feedback















Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up















SEARCH










Hertz Gold Plus Rewards


Login/Sign-Up






Login


















Hertz Member Number or User ID:


User ID is a unique ID that you can create in order to login to Hertz.com. This is an optional field that can be used in place of your member number that you will receive once you complete the enrollment process.
Note: you will still be able to login to hertz.com using your member number if you don't choose to create a unique ID.

 


I Forgot My Member Number



Password:

I Forgot/Need Password





Remember my member number on this browser



 
													Login
													


Login and Create Your User ID










IR Home
About Hertz
Press Releases
Financials & Filings
Events & Presentations
Investor Alerts
Other Resources
SPIN Transaction





IR Home

News Releases







Hertz's Board Welcomes Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis as Directors

PR Newswire
PARK RIDGE, N.J.



PARK RIDGE, N.J., May 15, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: HTZ) ("Hertz" together with its subsidiaries, the "Company" or "we") announced that Carolyn Everson and Debra J. Kelly-Ennis have been elected by the Board of Directors of Hertz and The Hertz Corporation as directors.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110810/NY50373LOGO)
Carolyn Everson serves as Vice President of Global Marketing Solutions for Facebook, Inc., where she manages the global marketing solutions team focused on expanding advertising revenue and managing significant, strategic accounts.  Before Facebook, Inc. Ms. Everson served as Corporate Vice President of Global Ad Sales and Strategy of Microsoft Corporation from 2010 to 2011.  Previous to Microsoft Corporation, Ms. Everson held various advertising management positions at MTV Networks Company from 2004 to 2010, including serving as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Ad Sales from 2008 to 2010. Prior to MTV, she served in roles of increasing responsibility with respect to business development and advertising at Primedia, Inc., Zagat Surveys LLC and Walt Disney Imagineering.
Debra J. Kelly-Ennis served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to June 2012. From 2005 to 2008, she was Chief Marketing Officer for Diageo North America Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of Diageo plc.  Previous to her positions at Diageo plc, Ms. Kelly-Ennis served in various management roles at General Motors Corporation ("GM"), including serving as President and COO of Saab Cars USA from 2002 to 2005, General Manager of Oldsmobile from 2000 to 2002 and a Chevrolet Brand Manager from 1999 to 2000.  Previous to GM, she held marketing and management roles of increasing responsibility with leading companies such as RJR/Nabisco, Inc., The Coca Cola Company and Grand Metropolitan PLC.   She has been honored as one of the Top 100 Most Powerful Women in Canada in 2012, 2011, 2010 and 2009 and was named Leading Chief Executive Officer in 2010 by the Toronto Human Resources Professional Association.  She has been a director of PulteGroup, Inc. since September 1997, where she serves on the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, Altria Group, Inc. since February 2013, where she serves on the Innovation Committee as well as the Governance and Social Responsibility Committees, and Carnival plc and Carnival Corporation since April 2012, where she serves on the Health, Environmental, Safety and Security Committee.
Mark P. Frissora, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hertz, said, "We are exceptionally fortunate to attract to our Board two top echelon executives with significant experience relevant to our businesses. Carolyn Everson is a strategic, operationally-oriented marketing executive with a strong reputation as a thought leader in social media and new forms of reaching consumers through digital platforms. Carolyn's experience will be invaluable as Hertz expands its online and social media capabilities to attract new customers and provide best-in-class online services.  Debra Kelly-Ennis has extensive experience leading large business organizations and marketing global brands which will be invaluable as Hertz continues to differentiate from the competition and to deepen customer loyalty across multiple brands.  Additionally, under Debra's leadership, Diageo Canada was recognized four consecutive years for creating a positive work environment, experience we will leverage as Hertz continues to improve employee satisfaction."
ABOUT HERTZ
Hertz is the largest worldwide airport general use car rental brand, operating from approximately 10,460 corporate and licensee locations in approximately 150 countries in North America, Europe, Latin America, Asia, Australia, Africa, the Middle East and New Zealand.  Hertz is the largest airport general use car rental brand, operating from approximately 8,960 corporate and licensee locations in approximately 150 countries. Our Dollar and Thrifty brands have approximately 1,500 corporate and franchise locations in 85 countries. Hertz is the number one airport car rental brand in the U.S. and at 120 major airports in Europe.  Hertz is an inaugural member of Travel + Leisure's World's Best Awards Hall of Fame and was recently named, for the thirteenth time, by the magazine's readers as the Best Car Rental Agency. Hertz was also voted the Best Overall Car Rental Company in Zagat's 2012/13 U.S. Car Rental Survey, earning top honors in 14 additional categories, and the Company swept the global awards for Best Rewards Program and Best Overall Benefits from FlyerTalk.com. Product and service initiatives such as Hertz Gold Plus Rewards, NeverLost®, and unique cars and SUVs offered through the Company's Adrenaline, Prestige and Green Traveler Collections, also set Hertz apart from the competition. Additionally, Hertz owns the vehicle leasing and fleet management leader Donlen Corporation and operates the Hertz On Demand car sharing business. The Company also owns a leading North American equipment rental business, Hertz Equipment Rental Corporation, which includes Hertz Entertainment Services.
SOURCE The Hertz Corporation





 










 










     























Debra J. Kelly-Ennis | United States | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Debra J. Kelly-Ennis
                                                







Country:

        United States










Biography


                                                    Ms Debra J. Kelly-Ennis is an independent director of Altria Group Inc since February 26, 2013. Debra has been a director of Carnival Corporation and Carnival... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country







Carnival Corporation

Company In Consumer Services

                                                United States




2013


Altria Group Inc

Company In Food, Beverage & Tobacco

                                                United States




1997


PulteGroup Inc

Consumer Durables & Apparel

                                                United States







Carnival PLC

--

                                                United States







Carnival PLC

--

                                                United States










Check all the 1,800 individuals in         United States

Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















debra j kelly ennis - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference










We Found Debra Kelly | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Debra Kelly



1) Debra Kelly's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Debra Kelly Ennis | Search.com



Ad
 ·
Search.com/​Find_answers



Search for Debra Kelly Ennis Find 1000's of Results Now





All That You Need



Budget Trips




Your Dream Trip



The Trip Will Be The Best





Ennis Records Free Search - Official Public Records



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Ennis



Official Source For Ennis Records. Search Now!





Background Checks



Criminal Records



Public Records



Driving Records




Web Results

Debra J. Kelly-Ennis - Altria

www.altria.com/.../Debra-J.-Kelly-Ennis.aspx?DisplayGroup=BoardMembers


Ms. Kelly-Ennis was President and Chief Executive Officer of Diageo Canada, Inc., a subsidiary of Diageo plc, a global spirits, wine and beer company, from 2008 to ...


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis: Executive Profile & Biography ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp?...


Ms. Debra J. Kelly-Ennis has been an Independent Director of Altria Group Inc. since February 26, 2013; Dress for Success Worldwide since 2007. Ms. Kelly ...


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/debra-kelly-ennis-pultegroup/salary/724151


View Debra J. Kelly-Ennis, Board Member at Carnival, Miami, FL, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Carnival and compensation history from ...


CCL Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Insider Trades for Carnival Corp.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/CCL/insiders?pid=30341


Ms. Debra J. Kelly-Ennis is Independent Director at Altria Group, Inc., Independent Non-Executive Director at Carnival Plc, Independent Non-Executive Director at ...


Debra Kelly-Ennis (Palm Beach Gardens, Florida) on LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/debra-kelly-ennis-0a2ab819


View Debra Kelly-Ennis’ professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Debra Kelly-Ennis discover ...


MO Debra J. Kelly-Ennis Insider Trades for Altria Group Inc.

www.marketwatch.com/investing/stock/MO/insiders?pid=30341


Ms. Debra J. Kelly-Ennis is Independent Director at Altria Group, Inc., Independent Non-Executive Director at Carnival Plc, Independent Non-Executive Director at ...


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis - Pultegroup Executive - FindTheCompany

executives.findthecompany.com/l/22108/Debra-J-Kelly-Ennis


Find compensation and employment information for Debra J. Kelly-Ennis (Pultegroup), including salary, stock awards, and previous employers.


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis | United States | Decypha

https://www.decypha.com/en/people-list/Debra Kelly-Ennis-18646


Debra J. Kelly-Ennis-United States,Independent Director-Carnival Corporation,Board Member-Altria Group Inc,Independent Director-PulteGroup Inc,Director-Carnival PLC ...


Debra Kelly-Ennis - Previous Director for Del Webb Corporation

https://www.corporationwiki.com/.../debra-j-kelly-ennis-P5935662.aspx


View Debra J Kelly-Ennis's profile for company associations, background information, and partnerships. Search our database of over 100 million company and executive ...


Debra J Kelly-ennis - West Palm Beach, FL | Intelius

https://www.intelius.com/people/Debra-Kelly-ennis/West+Palm+Beach...


Get full contact details for Debra J Kelly-ennis in West Palm Beach, FL instantly. We found 17 addresses, 15 phone numbers, and 2 relatives and/or associates ...










We Found Debra Kelly | peoplelooker.com



Ad
 ·
www.peoplelooker.com/​Debra Kelly



1) Debra Kelly's Phone 2) Address 3) Age & More. Search Free!





Uncover Potential Relatives



Photos & Videos



Historical Deeds




Location History



Email Address



Monitor Social Info





Debra Kelly Ennis | Search.com



Ad
 ·
Search.com/​Find_answers



Search for Debra Kelly Ennis Find 1000's of Results Now





All That You Need



Budget Trips




Your Dream Trip



The Trip Will Be The Best





Ennis Records Free Search - Official Public Records



Ad
 ·
www.PublicRecordsOfficial.com/​Ennis



Official Source For Ennis Records. Search Now!





Background Checks



Criminal Records



Public Records



Driving Records



12345Next






Answers







J. Matthew Ennis



John Matthew Ennis (5 August 1864 – 31 May 1921), invariably referred to as Matthew Ennis or J. Matthew Ennis, was an English pianist and organist who...

more






Ennis



Ennis is the county town of Clare, Ireland. The Irish name is short for ("island of the long rowing meadow"). The town is on the River Fergus, north of...

more






Ennis RFC



Ennis RFC, Ennis Rugby Football Club in an amateur rugby union club based on the Drumbiggle Road in Ennis, Co. Clare adjacent to the Ennis Showgrounds...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








