




Former FedEx VP Edith Kelly-Green Becomes a Top Franchise Owner
















































Former FedEx VP Edith Kelly-Green Becomes a Top Franchise Owner

















































































Home
Blogs
Photos
BE Lists
Newsletters


Follow us on: 
















  








 















 


              July 21, 2017 9:26 PM 
			  
          
              
                               
                             
    
    
                







Money

Investing
Consumer Affairs
Credit & Debt Management
Planning & Budgeting
Home Ownership
Wealth Management
Love & Money
Decoded


Career

BE High Society: Education
Find A Job
BE Jobs
Cool Jobs
Top Careers
Career Advice
Changing Lanes


Small Business

Getting Started
Home Based
Financing
Franchises
Your Business
Tools & Resources


Lifestyle

Arts & Culture
Travel & Leisure
Sports Biz
Fashion & Beauty

Entrepreneurs in Fashion


Health & Wellness
Entertaining


Tech

Tools
Tips
Products
People


EDUCATION
WOMEN
NEWS

Politics
Hot Topics
BE Politics


Videos
TV SHOWS

Our World with Black Enterprise
Women of Power
Black Enterprise Business Report


MAGAZINE
EVENTS

Entrepreneurs Summit
Black Men Xcel Summit
TechConneXt Summit
Women of Power Summit
ABFF Awards
American Black Film Festival


 











 Former FedEx VP Becomes a Top Franchise Owner
Edith Kelly-Green ranks as the largest multiple unit franchise owner for Lenny’s Sub Shop

      by Carolyn M. Brown   
      Posted: July 19, 2013 



















A-  
A  
A+  







In 2003, after some 25 years of service with FedEx, Edith Kelly-Green entered into retirement. At the time, the 50-year-old cancer survivor relished the thought of having nothing to do.
“Which is what I did for about a year,” says the former and first African American female vice president and chief sourcing officer for Memphis-based FedEx Express. It was while sitting in a Starbucks and reading the paper that she learned a local Lenny’s Sub Shop was for sale.
Kelly-Green’s daughter, Jayna, a college student at the time and frequent patron of Lenny’s Sub Shop, raved about the food and the concept. Headquartered in Memphis, the franchise features sliced to order submarine sandwiches and authentic Philadelphia-style cheesesteak sandwhiches. Kelly-Green was looking for a way to create a legacy and ongoing wealth for her family. She made a phone call to inquire about investing in the brand but ended up becoming a franchisee. Since she was financially secure, Kelly-Green wasn’t seeking supplemental income when she acquired her first store in 2005 in Oxford, Mississippi, her hometown.
Today, she is the largest multi-unit franchise owner of Lenny’s Sub Shop. Over a period of six years, Kelly-Green purchased 10 Lenny’s Sub Shops in Memphis and in Oxford. Her shops average annual sales revenues between $350,000 and $1.2 million. She currently runs her stores—two of which consistently rank in the top 5% of all Lenny’s Sub Shop locations across the country—with her two sons, James Kelly and Ryan Green. In addition, she served as one of five franchisees with a seat on Lenny’s advisory board until 2012. And Green was the first ever recipient of the Black Enterprise Small Business Award for Franchise Owner of the Year when the new category was added to the mix for 2013 to reflect growing opportunities for minorities in franchising.
Kelly-Green is in a unique position as a multiple unit franchise owner. African Americans are 30% less likely to be multi-unit operators. Of all African America franchisees, 78% are single-unit owners and 22% are multi-unit owners versus 70% single-unit and 30% multi-unit owners for all franchisees. A single-unit franchisee is a person who owns one store and is responsible for the day-to-day operations whereas a multi-unit franchisee is an owners of multiple stores that are typically sold at a reduced rate per unit.
Right from the start, Kelly-Green knew she didn’t want to be a single location owner.
“I wanted to own at least 10 stores. That was my objective,” she recalls. Her training as a CPA has been invaluable; she knows how to account for every penny of the business as well as handle payroll and sales taxes. Her background working with FedEx’s supply chain also proved useful in handling vendors, understanding purchasing, and reducing costs.
Kelly-Green’s recipe for success and ability to scale has been partnering. She partnered with Marlin Harris in eight Lenny’s locations until his death in 2009. When the two first met, Harris owned six stores, with different partners. Not only was he one of the original employees hired by Lenny’s founder Len Moore, but he also was Moore’s partner in the first three stores during Lenny’s startup phase. In 2005, Kelly-Green and Harris first bought a Lenny’s Sub Shop at Memphis International Airport. Then in 2006, Kelly-Green bought out Harris’ other partners to acquire ownership in six additional stores.
“He had experience running the store,” she explains. “It made sense to combine his operational skills with my skills in human resources and finance.”
The following year the partners opened their first store from scratch.
“It was a great location; probably one of the best-looking stores in the neighborhood, near the university [University of Memphis],” she says. “But when the economy went down [during the Great Recession] we felt it. People were eating at home and going to cheaper places.”
She adds the store has its ups and downs but is profitable. The franchisee also runs concessions for Memphis’ Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium and Fairgrounds.
“Each store has its own personality; profitability is a function of your location, market, and employees,” notes that 60-year-old franchisee.
Kelly-Green notes that much of her training at FedEx focused on customer service. Transferrable skills and philosophy: hire the right employees, provide them with the right training, and ensure employees are customer-oriented. Happy customers are repeat customers.
“That generates sales and incremental revenues. That is how you get a return as an owner.”
She adds that the decision to open more Lenny’s Sub Shop stores is dependent upon three things: personality, profile, and profitability of a particular shop’s location. “As a family we are evaluating opportunities in our current franchise and other brands,” she adds. So, “we may diversify our portfolio.”
 



  ﻿
     
  ﻿
    


RELATED STORIES

How To Build a Real Connection With Customers
Behind the Growing Popularity of Jamba Juice
5 Myths About Owning a Franchise 
Hip-Hop Artist Wale Gifts Hampton University Student with $25,000
4 Factors to Consider When Selecting a Franchise
Edible Arrangements' Program to Help Veterans Become Business Owners































A-  
A  
A+  

 

 


 




Pingback: Former FedEx VP Becomes a Top Franchise Owner - I Am Mo Better()



Pingback: Former FedEx VP Becomes a Top Franchise Owner | Urban Grind()



Pingback: For Sale By Owner Oxford Ms | Rates for CPA Services for SMB()



Pingback: For Sale By Owner Oxford Mississippi | Rates for CPA Services for SMB()



Pingback: Oxford Ms Homes For Sale By Owner | Rates for CPA Services for SMB()



Pingback: Oxford Mississippi Homes For Sale By Owner | Rates for CPA Services for SMB()
















 



ADVERTISEMENTADVERTISEMENT 



ADVERTISEMENT 


 








Advertisement




        © 2017        
          Black Enterprise, Black Enterprise Magazine. All rights reserved.       






About Us
Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Customer Service
Give a Gift
Management
Wealth For Life
Contact Us
Site Map
Glossary
Masthead
Media Kit
RSS












































Edith Kelly-Green - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Edith Kelly-Green
Board Member at Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Edith Kelly-Green? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Edith Kelly-Green's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Edith Kelly-Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Edith Kelly-Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Edith Kelly-Green through your network of contacts.
												








Edith Kelly-Green's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.


Past
To view Edith Kelly-Green's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
63

 
 


Edith Kelly-Green's Biography



Business Experience. Until retiring in 2003, Ms. Kelly-Green, age 63, was Vice President and Chief Sourcing Officer of FedEx Express, the world's largest express transportation company and a subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (NYSE: FDX).

 

Qualifications. Ms. Kelly-Green has significant procurement and logistics experience from her service with FedEx Express, where she was successful in designing and enhancing the company's extensive internal supply chain processes. Because Applied is a distributor, the processes of buying, inventorying, and transporting products are critical to our business. In addition, her career began in the field of acco ...
(Read More)

			Business Experience. Until retiring in 2003, Ms. Kelly-Green, age 63, was Vice President and Chief Sourcing Officer of FedEx Express, the world's largest express transportation company and a subsidiary of FedEx Corporation (NYSE: FDX).

 

Qualifications. Ms. Kelly-Green has significant procurement and logistics experience from her service with FedEx Express, where she was successful in designing and enhancing the company's extensive internal supply chain processes. Because Applied is a distributor, the processes of buying, inventorying, and transporting products are critical to our business. In addition, her career began in the field of accounting as a Certified Public Accountant with an international public accounting firm and she served as Vice President-Internal Audit with FedEx Corporation. Ms. Kelly-Green's skills and background in these areas make her well-suited for our company and Board.
		
Source: Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. on 09/09/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Edith Kelly-Green's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Edith Kelly-Green. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Edith Kelly-Green's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Edith Kelly-Green's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Edith Kelly-Green through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Edith Kelly-Green


















Edith Kelly-Green's Connections (35)





Sign up now to view Edith Kelly-Green's 35 connections »









Peter C. Wallace
Chairman, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Mark O. Eisele
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Jerry S. Thornton
Former Board Member, RPM International Inc.









Neil A. Schrimsher
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









John F. Meier
Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Libbey Inc.









Carl E. Will
Former Chief Commercial Officer, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Jeffrey A. Ramras
Former Vice President, Supply Chain Management, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









DONALD L. CHARGIN
Former Vice President - Unit President, Industrial Products, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









ROGER D. BLACKWELL
Former Board Member, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.









Benjamin J. Mondics
Former President and Chief Operating Officer, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993


















Edith Kelly-Green - Former Senior Auditor at Deloitte & Touche LLP



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Edith Kelly-Green
Former Senior Auditor at Deloitte & Touche LLP



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations Awards & Honors 


Edith Kelly-Green
Former Senior Auditor at Deloitte & Touche LLP



 Overview



Places Lived


Memphis, TN, United States




Age



63
                                  (Born 1954)
                                              




Notable Companies


Women's Foundation For A Greater Memphis




Awards



1





Board Seats



11





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 2,030 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
May 6, 2013





                        Outstanding Small Business Owners To Be Honored At Entrepreneurs Conference In Columbus, OH, May 15-18                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Neil A. Schrimsher

President & Chief Executive Officer at Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.




T. Michael Glenn

President & Co-Chief Executive Officer, FedEx Services at FedEx Corporation





Larry H. Bryan

Founder & Director at Diversified Trust Co.




Wendell Weakley

President & Chief Executive Officer at Mississippi Common Fund Trust





James L. Vining

Director at Community Foundation of Greater Memphis, Inc.




James Lacey Smith

President at UT Medical Group, Inc.





Maggie E. Abernathy

Chief Financial Officer at University of Mississippi Foundation




Jimmy Brown

Member, Board of Directors at University of Mississippi Foundation





Richard Noble

President Elect at University of Mississippi Alumni Association




David E. Brevard

President at B&B Concrete, Inc. (West Virginia)







See 2,020 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2,020 More 


 


 Paths to Edith Kelly-Green



            Edith Kelly-Green          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Edith Kelly-Green






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Edith Kelly-Green.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Mater of Business Administration 


Vanderbilt University

                  and Form 990, Part III, Line 1, Description of Organization Mission:Vanderbilt University is a center for scholarly research, informed and creative teaching, and service to the community and society at large. Vanderbilt will uphold the highest standards and be a leader in the quest for new knowledge through scholarship, dissemination of knowledge through teaching and outreach, and creative experimentation of ideas and concepts. In pursuit of these goals, Vanderbilt values most highly the intellectual freedom that supports open inquiry and equality, compassion and excellence in all endeavors.                




Bachelor in Accounting 


University of Mississippi

                  Mississippi’s primary university, The University of Mississippi in Oxford grants bachelor’s and graduate degrees in a range of professional and academic fields, and carries out some of the most important scientific research taking place in an academic institution. 

University of Mississippi’s campus activities make for a vibrant student life that even appeals to local residents. 

Mississippi has approximately a dozen divisions and schools, including: 

*School of Business Administration
*School of Engineering
*College of Liberal Arts
*School of Law
*School of Pharmacy

Graduate students may also gain professional medical training at the Schools of Dentistry, Nursing or Medicine. 

Mississippi’s research activities include the environmental, wildlife and conservation research conducted through the Sea Grant program. 

Student media includes a widely circulated school newspaper and a college radio and television station. The public even benefits from some of the campus activities, such as performances held at Mississippi’s performing arts center and exhibits at the campus museum. 

Students who meet certain academic requirements are automatically admitted to University of Mississippi. Financial aid may be available and is awarded, in part, based on financial need.                





 Career History



Vice President & Chief Sourcing Officer

                                    1977 - 2003                


Federal Express Corporation


                  Federal Express Corp. provides express shipping services. It offers next day air service within the United States and time-definite international service. The firm also operates FedEx Trade Networks, which provides international trade services, specializing in customs brokerage and global ocean and air freight forwarding and FedEx SupplyChain Systems, which offers a range of supply chain solutions. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Memphis, TN.                




Founding Member

                                    Prior                


Women's Foundation For A Greater Memphis


                  TO SUPPORT AND PROMOTE WOMEN'S PROGRAMS AND LEADERSHIP                




Senior Auditor

                                    Prior                


Deloitte & Touche LLP


                  Deloitte & Touche LLP offers auditing and consulting services. It also provides accounting, financial advisory, risk management, and tax services. The company engages in international financial reporting, assurance, advisory, tax auditing, corporate governance, risk consulting, advisory services, mergers and acquisitions, government compliance, and human capital consulting services. The company was founded on May 6, 1997 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Graduate of Leadership

                                    Prior                


Leadership Memphis


                  Leadership Memphis’ mission is to build a great Memphis by building great leaders. Since 1979, Leadership Memphis has continually developed new ways to connect and create more effective community leaders who want to make a difference.

Ten years after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Leadership Memphis was founded as part of an effort to change the international image and reality of a city divided by race.

 Recognizing the need for a new breed of leaders that would unify Memphis and respect its diversity, Memphis leaders drew inspiration from leadership programs in Nashville and Atlanta which provided leaders with nine months of in-depth information about their cities and sparked new alliances between diverse citizens.

Several Memphis organizations set leadership development as their top priority, and when this building interest in new leaders converged, the foundation was laid for the organization that would become Leadership Memphis.  The first class of 42 persons was convened in December 1978, hearing the Governor-elect, Lamar Alexander, challenge them to take charge of the city’s destiny.

From the beginning, Leadership Memphis’ programming was anchored by its emphasis on racial reconciliation. The sessions on diversity were complemented by sessions on justice, health care and hospitals, media, environment, and faith.  In June 1986, Leadership Memphis held its first Celebration of Leadership, which became an annual tribute to civic leadership and the organization’s most popular event. 

As an arena for civic understanding, Leadership Memphis has been a leader fighting the vestiges of racism, embracing leaders from all sectors of the city, and convening diverse people in honest conversation about their city’s future.  Now, over 30 years after the birth of Leadership Memphis, it is impossible for many of its current class members to understand the despair and division that it was created to combat.  That in itself is an indicator that Leadership Memphis, along with other organizations, has had a positive impact on race relations in this community. 

Nearly 2,000 alumni have completed the Executive, FastTrack and Grassroots programs. Among them are mayors, City Council members, County Commissioners, City of Memphis administrators,  Shelby County administrators, federal government administrators, civic and community organization leaders, public and private corporation executives, clergy representing over a dozen denominations, school or school system faculty and administrators,  health care executives,  professionals (doctors, attorneys, and accountants), and  small business owners.  Over 40% of Leadership Memphis’ alumni are African-American, Latino, Asian, or of another culture. 

Leadership Memphis continues to serve as a civic tool for forging new and meaningful relationships between unique blends of people from different sectors of the city.  Without Leadership Memphis, there are those who would never have had an opportunity to learn so much about the community, other people and themselves.   

Going forward, Leadership Memphis will be the standard-bearer for strong, progressive, diverse leadership for Memphis.  Leadership Memphis will work with others to build a great Memphis by serving as our city’s window to the world, and by encouraging a wide-open exchange of the best thinking, ideas, experiences and solutions the world has to offer our community’s leaders.  As Memphis moves forward, there is an increased urgency for Leadership Memphis to connect leaders to leaders, leaders to information, and leaders to community. Leadership Memphis advances diversity and inclusivity, increases innovation and collaboration, and promotes civic engagement that makes a difference.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc.

                    Applied® (NYSE: AIT) is one of North America’s largest industrial distributors of bearings, power transmission components, hydraulic components and systems, pneumatic components and systems, industrial rubber products, linear components, tools, safety products, general maintenance and a variety of material handling products. We also provide customized mechanical, fabricated rubber and fluid power shop services, as well as services to meet storeroom management and maintenance training needs.

As one of North America's largest industrial distributors, Applied is a vital link between a full scope of suppliers' capabilities and a broad range of customers' needs. We excel in the areas of product selection and application, system-wide logistics and engineered systems.
 
We understand that partnering with the right industrial distributor is critical to your bottom line. Applied works closely with our customers to understand their needs and processes, and we use that knowledge to provide custom-fit products and services.

The Applied network of more than 400 service center locations, 5,000 employee-associates, nine strategic distribution centers, and more than 40 specialty repair and rebuild shops ensures that the products and support you need are always close by. With locations throughout the U.S., Puerto Rico, Mexico, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, product, expertise and support are never far away.

And while we may be national, our thinking is local, with knowledge of local markets and local companies. We are a familiar face in hometowns just like yours, supporting the communities in which we live.

Our business partners appreciate and acknowledge our pursuit of providing the best service to our customers. Our success is measured by quality recognition awards from customers, suppliers, leading publications and governmental agencies alike                  




Co-Chair of Pyramid Re-Use Committee

                    Current                  


Pyramid Research LLC

                    Pyramid Research LLC provides marketing advisory services. Its services include network solutions & strategies, broadband advantage, and custom services. The company has offices in Massachusetts, Florida, the United Kingdom, and Hong Kong. It was founded in 1986 and is located in Cambridge, MA.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Buckman Laboratories International, Inc.

                    Buckman Laboratories International, Inc. manufactures specialty chemicals for water treatment, pulp & paper, and leather industries. The firm offers specialty chemicals and services for the paper industries that include tissue, printing and writing, virgin pulp, packaging, recycled fiber, and newsprint/mechanical grades applications and water treatment solutions. The company was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Memphis, TN.                  




Member of the Board of Advisors

                    Current                  


3PM Music Group, Inc.






Director

                    Prior                  


Paragon Bank

                    Paragon Bank provides state banking services. Its services include personal and business banking, lending center, and online services. It offers deposit products including checking, now, savings and money market accounts, certificate of deposits, and individual retirement account (IRA). The company founded by Robert S. Shaw, Jr. in 2004 and is headquartered in Memphis, TN.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Community Foundation of Greater Memphis, Inc.

                    Community Foundation of Greater Memphis, Inc. offers and manages charitable funds and endowments. It simplify charitable giving and tax reporting, structuring and managing personalized grant programs, facilitation unusual or complicated gifts, presenting timely information on community needs and by providing investment products that maximize giving potential. The company was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Memphis, TN.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


University of Mississippi Foundation

                    THE FOUNDATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FOR RECEIVING, RECEIPTING,INVESTING,AND DISTRIBUTING GIFTS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


Rock and Soul Museum






Member of Council

                    Current                  


Ole Miss Women's Council






Member, Executive Committee

                    Prior                  


University of Mississippi Alumni Association






Director

                    Tenure Unconfirmed                  


UT Medical Group, Inc.

                    UT Medical Group, Inc. provides diverse healthcare services. Its services include emergency medicine, pediatrics, surgery, ophthalmology, and cardiology. UT Medical Group was founded in 1974 and is located in Memphis, TN.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$100K

                  2009
                


University of Mississippi Foundation


                  THE FOUNDATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FOR RECEIVING, RECEIPTING,INVESTING,AND DISTRIBUTING GIFTS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI.                




$100K

                  2008
                


University of Mississippi Foundation


                  THE FOUNDATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FOR RECEIVING, RECEIPTING,INVESTING,AND DISTRIBUTING GIFTS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI.                




$100K

                  2007
                


University of Mississippi Foundation


                  THE FOUNDATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FOR RECEIVING, RECEIPTING,INVESTING,AND DISTRIBUTING GIFTS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI.                




$100K

                  2006
                


University of Mississippi Foundation


                  THE FOUNDATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR FOR RECEIVING, RECEIPTING,INVESTING,AND DISTRIBUTING GIFTS FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE UNIVERSITY OF MISSISSIPPI.                




$5,000 - $10K

                  2005
                


United Way of the Mid-South


                  IMPROVING MID-SOUTHERNERS LIVES BY MOBILIZING COMMUNITY RESOURCES TO ADDRESS PRIORITY ISSUES.                






See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 






 Political Donations



$500

                  1997                


Ernest Hollings


                  Former Governor at South Carolina Office of the Governor, Ernest Hollings                





 Awards & Honors




                  Professional Certification                




CPA (Certified Public Accountant)

                                    Sponsored by
                  American Institute of Certified Public Accountants






 Other Affiliations




              Edith Kelly-Green is affiliated with
                            Federal Express Corporation, Women's Foundation For A Greater Memphis, Deloitte & Touche LLP, Leadership Memphis, Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., Pyramid Research LLC, Buckman Laboratories International, Inc., 3PM Music Group, Inc., Paragon Bank, Community Foundation of Greater Memphis, Inc., University of Mississippi Foundation, Rock and Soul Museum, Ole Miss Women's Council, University of Mississippi Alumni Association, UT Medical Group, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
















Edith Kelly Green - Memphis, TN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Edith Kelly Green in Memphis, TN


Edith Kelly Green

                                                                                       Intelius found that Edith Kelly Green  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Memphis, TN.  We have connected them to
                9 addresses,
                2 phones,
                and 6 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Edith Kelly Green is in her 60s

Edith Has Lived In

Memphis, TN
Jacksonville Beach, FL

Edith's Relatives

Larry Green
James Kelly
Catherine Green
Ryan Green







Edith Kelly Green



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Treasurer, Kgr Group at Hattiloo Theatre



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Edith? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Edith, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Edith Kelly Green
Get a Criminal Check on Edith Kelly Green
Get a Public Record Report on Edith Kelly Green
Get a People Search Report on Edith Kelly Green


Edith Kelly Green's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Edith Kelly Green has lived as well as Edith Kelly Green's phone numbers and email addresses.




Edith Kelly Green Has Lived in 2 States
Tennessee Address for Edith Kelly Green


1310 W******** S* 

Memphis, TN


Has Lived In

Memphis, TN
Jacksonville Beach, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Edith Kelly Green

(901) ***-**** - Memphis, TN 
(904) ***-**** - Jacksonville Beach, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Edith Kelly Green



Get Email Report




Edith Kelly Green's Professional Information
Information regarding Edith Kelly Green's professional history.  Find out previous places Edith Kelly Green has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Edith Kelly Green Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: Hattiloo Theatre
               Title: Treasurer, Kgr Group
Edith Kelly Green's Experience
Title: Treasurer, Kgr Group
               Company: Hattiloo Theatre
Job Details
               Hattiloo Theatre is a not-for-profit corporation, designated by the Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)3 organization and is tax-exempt in the state of Tennessee. Public and private contributions, and earned revenue support operations, productions, our cultural outreach programs, and varied services that are presented throughout the year. Donations to Hattiloo Theatre are tax-deductible. Hattiloo operates on a fiscal calendar, starting each year July 1 and ending June 30. Hattiloo receives an annual audit and remains current in all of its IRS and State of Tennessee reporting.
Additional Professional Information on Edith Kelly Green

 See Edith Kelly Green's LinkedIn Profile



Edith Kelly Green's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Edith Kelly Green


Edith Kelly Green's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Edith Kelly Green's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Edith Green
Username Matches

                  EdithGreen
                  GreenEdith
                  Edith.Green
                  Green.Edith
                  Edith_Green
                  Green_Edith
                  Edith-Green
                  Green-Edith
                  EGreen
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Green







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













How a Retired FedEx Exec Built a Mini Sandwich Empire














































































Home


Top 50
How To
Magazine
Franchise 500
Spotlight







Subscribe





















worth-knowing





















			How a Retired FedEx Exec Built a Mini Sandwich Empire
		




Jason Daley

Magazine Contributor










Current Issue
Subscribe now




 



---Shares










					March 15, 2013
				


						This story appears in the February 2013 issue of Entrepreneur. Subscribe »


Local hero: Edith Kelly-Green of Lenny's Sub Shop.
Photo© Rob Culpepper

In 2004 Edith Kelly-Green was settling into retirement. After almost 30 years with FedEx--ultimately serving as vice president and chief sourcing officer for FedEx Express at the company's Memphis, Tenn., headquarters--her days consisted of waking up early, reading at Starbucks and working on the finances of several nonprofits.
A suggestion from her family prompted Kelly-Green to consider opening a Lenny's Sub Shop. "My daughter was a college sophomore at the time and said, ‘I eat there all the time. You have to invest!'" she remembers. "I knew the CEO and called him, thinking I'd just invest some capital. But he convinced me I'd be happier as a franchisee."
She bought her first location near her alma mater, Ole Miss in Oxford, Miss., and in the last six years has added nine more stores near her Memphis home. But her sandwich empire hasn't been about making money--though she does that well--or about a second act. Instead, Kelly-Green got into the game hoping that her multi-unit business, the largest in the Lenny's chain, would help her family and her community.
"I wasn't bored in retirement in the least," she says. "I just saw this as an opportunity to own a business and to create a legacy. To have something to pass along to my children, whether they want to maintain it or sell. But the overarching effect is that it gives me the chance to support people. It gives the citizens of Memphis a template. It encourages them to be in business for themselves, and to strive to be more than minimum-wage workers."
We talked to Kelly-Green about her not-so-quiet retirement.
Why did you go for multiple units?
After I opened my first unit in Oxford, I decided I didn't want to be a one-location owner. I wanted to own enough so when decisions are made at least I would be consulted. If I was just one location out of 150, that wouldn't be the case. Not that I want veto power or anything, but if something major is going on, I want to get a phone call. I'm impacted by decisions more than single-unit owners.
What role does your family play?
My daughter, Jayna, who initially got me involved with Lenny's, will be graduating from medical school in 2013, so she's no longer involved--though she can make a sandwich if she has to. But my two sons, James Kelly and Ryan Green, are working full-time in the business. I've tried to loosely split the stores, but our roles overlap. The thing about a franchise is, once you solve one problem, you can apply it through all 10 stores, so there's lots of communication about how we're handling things.
What's your leadership philosophy?
I try to create a sense of encouragement for employees and make them feel like they can own their own stores or manage multiple stores. I try to create a vision or a sense of opportunity for others. And I always want to create as many tax-paying citizens as possible. I don't own these businesses to pay off a mortgage; I'm financially secure. So I can be more lenient with employees. FedEx taught me how important training is and how important good employees are. When someone messes up, I have to ask myself, "How well were they trained?" I can afford to give people second chances, and sometimes third. Sure, I've been burned several times. But I've been surprised several times, too.
How has being a CPA helped you run a franchise?
As an accountant at FedEx, it gave me the ability to see the business overall. Everything eventually comes through accounting. At my franchises, I have to account for every penny. I look at the numbers every day; if there's a deviation, I investigate right away. Many entrepreneurs have great ideas, but most don't want to deal with administrative tasks like sales taxes and payroll deposits. Those details are the downfall of many small businesses. I'm maybe more comfortable with that. Most people just don't like dealing with numbers.



Jason Daley

Jason Daley lives and writes in Madison, Wisconsin. His work regularly appears in Popular Science, Outside and other magazines.
Read more







Franchises
Success Stories
Food Businesses
Second Acts
Profiles













Find the Right Franchise for You
Complete our short quiz to pinpoint your perfect franchise match.
Find Your Franchise





 












Skip Advertisement
			This ad will close in 15 seconds...
		






OK
This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here.
















Stay Informed. Be Inspired.
Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. 
Enter your email





Invalid Email













403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Edith Green (), 64  - Memphis, TN | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in












Home




People Search






TN






Memphis




Edith Green












About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 EG


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Edith Green
 Memphis, TN
 Age: 64 -
								11/04/1952
















AKA:
                                                Edith H Green, Edith Kelly green, Edith K Green, Edith Kellygreen, Edith H Kelly green, Edith H Kelly, Edith Kelly-green, Green Edith Kelly, Edith Kelleygreen, Edith H Kelly-green, Edith A Kelly, Edith Kelly Green, Edith H Kellygreen














Owner
at
Kelly green enterprises, llc









                                    Single






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Edith










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number










****@aol.com

                                
                                     |  Send Message











45*** **** Rd


Memphis, TN 38117







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
                        Edith Green  was born in 1952.
        Edith
                   currently lives in 



Memphis
.
        
                     Before that, she lived in
                        



Memphis
, TN
                                          from 2003 to 2014.
                                    















About & Contact Information


Edith's Story






Please Wait...


            Edith Green  was born in 1952.
            Edith
                currently lives in 



Memphis
.
            
                        Before that, she lived in
                        



Memphis
, TN
                                        from 2003 to 2014.
                                    





Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
45*** **** Rd
Memphis, TN
View Address


Past Address
13*** **** St




Memphis
, TN
View Address


Past Address
60*** **** 103




Memphis
, TN
View Address


Past Address
P*** **** 241996




Memphis
, TN
View Address


Past Address





Memphis
, TN
View Address




Email Address
****@aol.com
View Email





    Edith may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Edith's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History








                                Owner at
                                

                                 Kelly green enterprises, llc 





                        View Details
                     





School History




    Edith may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Edith may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Edith may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Edith may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Edith's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Edith may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Edith may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Edith's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Edith Green's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Edith










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Edith may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Edith. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Edith may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Edith may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Edith may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Edith may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates






 JK



                                                        JaynaKelly


                                                      Memphis, TN



 RG



                                                        RyanGreen


                                                      Memphis, TN



 JK



                                                        JamesKelly


                                                      Memphis, TN



 JK



                                                        JamesKelley


                                                      Memphis, TN



 AG



                                                        ArnettaGreen


                                                      Memphis, TN



 AG



                                                        AlfredGreen


                                                      Memphis, TN




                                    View More Relatives
                                





Classmates




    Edith may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Edith Green






eg


Edith Green
Chattanooga, TN



eg


Edith Green, 77 
La Follette, TN



eg


Edith Green, 76 
Mount Juliet, TN



eg


Edith Green, 75 
Rockwood, TN



eg


Edith Green, 33 
Sharps Chapel, TN



eg


Edith Green, 87 
Birmingham, AL




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 








Home




People Search






TN






Memphis




Edith Green





Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Edith build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Edith Green
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Edith's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Edith have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Edith
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about her on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Edith

Is there anything you want to say about her on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Edith

Is there anything you want to say about her concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Edith?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Edith Green?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Edith 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Edith .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Edith Green
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Edith Green's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Edith's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Edith Green










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Edith



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Edith Green










































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Fri Jul 21 18:26:47 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 











Search People Find Friends Find Anyone People Search - MyLife.com











Apache Tomcat/8.0.24 - Error report HTTP Status 500 - Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty Stringtype Exception reportmessage Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty Stringdescription The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exceptionorg.springframework.web.util.NestedServletException: Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:982)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
root causecom.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:241)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:231)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.read(TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java:40)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:81)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:60)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:810)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:775)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:724)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:696)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.getMasterProfileDTO(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:109)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.findMasterProfileList(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:99)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor256.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.aop.support.AopUtils.invokeJoinpointUsingReflection(AopUtils.java:302)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.invokeJoinpoint(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:190)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:157)
	org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.invoke(PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java:136)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:179)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicAopProxy.invoke(JdkDynamicAopProxy.java:208)
	com.sun.proxy.$Proxy181.findMasterProfileList(Unknown Source)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.service.impl.IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.getMasterProfileDTOList(IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.java:119)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacPersonDTOListFromES(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:455)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacProfileDTOList(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:409)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.SameNameControllerHelper.getPublicCommonNameDTOs(SameNameControllerHelper.java:84)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.memdir.USStateSameNameController.sameNameDataOld(USStateSameNameController.java:181)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor249.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.doInvoke(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:222)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequest(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:137)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandle(ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java:110)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandlerMethod(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:814)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternal(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:737)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handle(AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java:85)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatch(DispatcherServlet.java:959)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doService(DispatcherServlet.java:893)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:970)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
root causejava.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	sun.misc.FloatingDecimal.readJavaFormatString(FloatingDecimal.java:1842)
	sun.misc.FloatingDecimal.parseDouble(FloatingDecimal.java:110)
	java.lang.Double.parseDouble(Double.java:538)
	com.google.gson.stream.JsonReader.nextInt(JsonReader.java:1205)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:239)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:231)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.read(TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java:40)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:81)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:60)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:810)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:775)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:724)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:696)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.getMasterProfileDTO(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:109)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.findMasterProfileList(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:99)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor256.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.aop.support.AopUtils.invokeJoinpointUsingReflection(AopUtils.java:302)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.invokeJoinpoint(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:190)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:157)
	org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.invoke(PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java:136)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:179)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicAopProxy.invoke(JdkDynamicAopProxy.java:208)
	com.sun.proxy.$Proxy181.findMasterProfileList(Unknown Source)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.service.impl.IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.getMasterProfileDTOList(IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.java:119)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacPersonDTOListFromES(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:455)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacProfileDTOList(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:409)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.SameNameControllerHelper.getPublicCommonNameDTOs(SameNameControllerHelper.java:84)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.memdir.USStateSameNameController.sameNameDataOld(USStateSameNameController.java:181)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor249.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.doInvoke(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:222)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequest(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:137)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandle(ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java:110)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandlerMethod(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:814)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternal(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:737)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handle(AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java:85)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatch(DispatcherServlet.java:959)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doService(DispatcherServlet.java:893)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:970)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/8.0.24 logs.Apache Tomcat/8.0.24Apache Tomcat/8.0.24 - Error report HTTP Status 500 - Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty Stringtype Exception reportmessage Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty Stringdescription The server encountered an internal error that prevented it from fulfilling this request.exceptionorg.springframework.web.util.NestedServletException: Request processing failed; nested exception is com.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:982)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
root causecom.google.gson.JsonSyntaxException: java.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:241)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:231)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.read(TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java:40)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:81)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:60)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:810)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:775)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:724)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:696)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.getMasterProfileDTO(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:109)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.findMasterProfileList(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:99)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor256.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.aop.support.AopUtils.invokeJoinpointUsingReflection(AopUtils.java:302)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.invokeJoinpoint(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:190)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:157)
	org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.invoke(PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java:136)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:179)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicAopProxy.invoke(JdkDynamicAopProxy.java:208)
	com.sun.proxy.$Proxy181.findMasterProfileList(Unknown Source)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.service.impl.IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.getMasterProfileDTOList(IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.java:119)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacPersonDTOListFromES(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:455)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacProfileDTOList(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:409)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.SameNameControllerHelper.getPublicCommonNameDTOs(SameNameControllerHelper.java:84)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.memdir.USStateSameNameController.sameNameDataOld(USStateSameNameController.java:181)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor249.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.doInvoke(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:222)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequest(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:137)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandle(ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java:110)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandlerMethod(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:814)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternal(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:737)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handle(AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java:85)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatch(DispatcherServlet.java:959)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doService(DispatcherServlet.java:893)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:970)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
root causejava.lang.NumberFormatException: empty String
	sun.misc.FloatingDecimal.readJavaFormatString(FloatingDecimal.java:1842)
	sun.misc.FloatingDecimal.parseDouble(FloatingDecimal.java:110)
	java.lang.Double.parseDouble(Double.java:538)
	com.google.gson.stream.JsonReader.nextInt(JsonReader.java:1205)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:239)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapters$7.read(TypeAdapters.java:231)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.read(TypeAdapterRuntimeTypeWrapper.java:40)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:81)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.CollectionTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(CollectionTypeAdapterFactory.java:60)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$1.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:103)
	com.google.gson.internal.bind.ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory$Adapter.read(ReflectiveTypeAdapterFactory.java:196)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:810)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:775)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:724)
	com.google.gson.Gson.fromJson(Gson.java:696)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.getMasterProfileDTO(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:109)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.dao.impl.IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.findMasterProfileList(IdentityDataSearchDaoImpl.java:99)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor256.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.aop.support.AopUtils.invokeJoinpointUsingReflection(AopUtils.java:302)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.invokeJoinpoint(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:190)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:157)
	org.springframework.dao.support.PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.invoke(PersistenceExceptionTranslationInterceptor.java:136)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.ReflectiveMethodInvocation.proceed(ReflectiveMethodInvocation.java:179)
	org.springframework.aop.framework.JdkDynamicAopProxy.invoke(JdkDynamicAopProxy.java:208)
	com.sun.proxy.$Proxy181.findMasterProfileList(Unknown Source)
	com.mylife.identitysearch.service.impl.IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.getMasterProfileDTOList(IdentityDataSearchServiceImpl.java:119)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacPersonDTOListFromES(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:455)
	com.mylife.seosupport.us.profile.service.impl.PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.getCadillacProfileDTOList(PublicCadillacProfileServiceImpl.java:409)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.SameNameControllerHelper.getPublicCommonNameDTOs(SameNameControllerHelper.java:84)
	com.mylife.seo.web.controller.memdir.USStateSameNameController.sameNameDataOld(USStateSameNameController.java:181)
	sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor249.invoke(Unknown Source)
	sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.doInvoke(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:222)
	org.springframework.web.method.support.InvocableHandlerMethod.invokeForRequest(InvocableHandlerMethod.java:137)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.invokeAndHandle(ServletInvocableHandlerMethod.java:110)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.invokeHandlerMethod(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:814)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.annotation.RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.handleInternal(RequestMappingHandlerAdapter.java:737)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.method.AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.handle(AbstractHandlerMethodAdapter.java:85)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doDispatch(DispatcherServlet.java:959)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.DispatcherServlet.doService(DispatcherServlet.java:893)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.processRequest(FrameworkServlet.java:970)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.doGet(FrameworkServlet.java:861)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:622)
	org.springframework.web.servlet.FrameworkServlet.service(FrameworkServlet.java:846)
	javax.servlet.http.HttpServlet.service(HttpServlet.java:729)
	org.apache.tomcat.websocket.server.WsFilter.doFilter(WsFilter.java:52)
	org.springframework.web.filter.CharacterEncodingFilter.doFilterInternal(CharacterEncodingFilter.java:121)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:316)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.invoke(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:126)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.intercept.FilterSecurityInterceptor.doFilter(FilterSecurityInterceptor.java:90)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.ExceptionTranslationFilter.doFilter(ExceptionTranslationFilter.java:114)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.session.SessionManagementFilter.doFilter(SessionManagementFilter.java:122)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(AnonymousAuthenticationFilter.java:111)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.rememberme.RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.doFilter(RememberMeAuthenticationFilter.java:149)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.servletapi.SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextHolderAwareRequestFilter.java:169)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.savedrequest.RequestCacheAwareFilter.doFilter(RequestCacheAwareFilter.java:48)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.www.BasicAuthenticationFilter.doFilterInternal(BasicAuthenticationFilter.java:158)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.ui.DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.doFilter(DefaultLoginPageGeneratingFilter.java:162)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.doFilter(AbstractAuthenticationProcessingFilter.java:205)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.authentication.logout.LogoutFilter.doFilter(LogoutFilter.java:120)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.header.HeaderWriterFilter.doFilterInternal(HeaderWriterFilter.java:64)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.request.async.WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.doFilterInternal(WebAsyncManagerIntegrationFilter.java:53)
	org.springframework.web.filter.OncePerRequestFilter.doFilter(OncePerRequestFilter.java:107)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.context.SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.doFilter(SecurityContextPersistenceFilter.java:91)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.access.channel.ChannelProcessingFilter.doFilter(ChannelProcessingFilter.java:152)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy$VirtualFilterChain.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:330)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilterInternal(FilterChainProxy.java:213)
	org.springframework.security.web.FilterChainProxy.doFilter(FilterChainProxy.java:176)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.invokeDelegate(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:346)
	org.springframework.web.filter.DelegatingFilterProxy.doFilter(DelegatingFilterProxy.java:262)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:350)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.RewrittenUrl.doRewrite(RewrittenUrl.java:188)
	org.tuckey.web.filters.urlrewrite.UrlRewriteFilter.doFilter(UrlRewriteFilter.java:340)
	com.mylife.webapp.template.filters.LoggingContextFilter.doFilter(LoggingContextFilter.java:57)
note The full stack trace of the root cause is available in the Apache Tomcat/8.0.24 logs.Apache Tomcat/8.0.24



Edith Green at MyLife.com® - View 316 Results Found






































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in







Home
People Search
Edith Green


Edith Green in the United States
We found 316 people in the US matching Edith Green.
                Get Edith Green's full address, contact info, background report and more!
            











Filter by Age and Location
REFINE SEARCH
Find Edith Green by State


Alabama  (10) found


Arkansas  (3) found


Arizona  (6) found


California  (28) found


Colorado  (3) found


Connecticut  (2) found


District of Columbia  (2) found


Delaware  (1) found


Florida  (23) found


Georgia  (13) found


Idaho  (2) found


Illinois  (5) found


Indiana  (7) found


Kansas  (2) found


Kentucky  (8) found


Louisiana  (6) found


Massachusetts  (4) found


Maryland  (18) found


Michigan  (6) found


Minnesota  (3) found


Missouri  (11) found


Mississippi  (5) found


North Carolina  (13) found


North Dakota  (1) found


New Hampshire  (2) found


New Jersey  (6) found


Nevada  (4) found


New York  (23) found


Ohio  (17) found


Oklahoma  (1) found


Oregon  (5) found


Pennsylvania  (14) found


Puerto Rico  (1) found


South Carolina  (7) found


Tennessee  (6) found


Texas  (23) found


Utah  (2) found


Virginia  (19) found


Washington  (2) found


West Virginia  (1) found


Wyoming  (1) found




  




                                        1.
                                            




Edith Davenport Green

 - Birmingham,
AL
                                    , Age 87


 
                                                
                                                    (205) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Green Edith Davenport





Edith Davenport Green






Edith D Green
 




Edith  Green
 




Edith Davenp Green
 

+3 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Birmingham
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        2.
                                            




Edith H Green

 - Birmingham,
AL
                                    , Age 87




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith H Green






PLACES LIVED




Birmingham
, 



Al



RELATIVES




Edith Davenport Green





John Henry Green



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        3.
                                            




Edith P Green

 - Birmingham,
AL
                                    , Age 92




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith P Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        4.
                                            




Edith C Green

 - Castleberry,
AL
                                    , Age 89




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith C Green





Edith  Green






PLACES LIVED




Castleberry
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        5.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Oxford,
AL
                                    , Age 86




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green





Edith  Green






PLACES LIVED




Decatur
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        6.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Pell City,
AL
                                    , Age 87




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith C Green





Edith M Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        7.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Pell City,
AL
                                    , Age 87




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        8.
                                            




Edith Patricia Green

 - Piedmont,
AL
                                    , Age 72




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith P Green





Edith Patricia Green






PLACES LIVED




Gadsden
, 



Al





Gadsden
, 



Al






Attalla
, 



Al





Gadsden
, 



Al


+2 more
                                                



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        9.
                                            




Edith J Green

 - Town Creek,
AL
                                    , Age 70




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith  Tucker Green





Edith J Green






Edith  Green
 

+1 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Town Creek
, 



Al



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        10.
                                            




Edith Simpson Green

 - Tuskegee,
AL
                                    , Age 86




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith  Simpson





Edith  Green






Edith M Green
 




Elith  Green
 




Edith Marie Green
 




Edith Simpson Green
 




Edith S Green
 

+5 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        11.
                                            




Edith D Green

 - Blytheville,
AR
                                    , Age 57




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith  Green





Edith D Green






Edith D Davis
 

+1 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Blytheville
, 



Ar





Blytheville
, 



Ar






Blytheville
, 



Ar





Blytheville
, 



Ar


+2 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Robert R Green





Alving R Davis






Tambra Ann Green





Ronnie L Green





William Arlie Green





Angela Renee Metcalf





Clarice B Green





Dell  Davis





Timothy D Green





Timmy Ray Green





James Arlie Green





Audrey Ronn Green





Roy W Green





Curtis C Green





Clarice  Green





Stanley Eugene Green





Theresa Michelle Sowell





Susan Raquel Green





Suzanne Raquel Green





Shannon J Sheffield





Jerry W Davis





Dennie L Green





Amber Faith Green





Larry Levelle Green





Bobbie Jean Davis





Hubert C Green





Dennie Fay Green





Roy Allen Green





Robert Ray Green





Annette I Green





Audrey Michelle Poston





Connie Sue Green





James L Green


+31 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        12.
                                            




Edith Marie Green

 - Clarksville,
AR
                                    , Age 72


 
                                                
                                                    (479) ***-****
                                                
 ****@yahoo.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith Marie Green





E M Green






Edith  Green
 




Edith M Green
 




Marie  Green
 

+3 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Orlando
, 



Fl





Ellenton
, 



Fl



RELATIVES




Julia Marie Green





Joel Mason Green






Jeremy Michael Green





Cara M Green





Edith Marie Green





Jeremy M Green





Rachel Kathleen Green


+5 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY
State Farm Insurance, Principal


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        13.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Pine Bluff,
AR
                                    , Age 95




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green





Edith  Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        14.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Flagstaff,
AZ
                                    , Age 95




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        15.
                                            




Edith Elizabeth Green

 - Kingman,
AZ
                                    , Age 79


 
                                                
                                                    (928) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith E Green





Edith  Green






Edith Elizabeth Green
 

+1 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED




Kingman
, 



Az





Kingman
, 



Az



RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        16.
                                            




Edith L Green

 - Phoenix,
AZ
                                    , Age 39


 
                                                
                                                    (602) ***-****
                                                
 ****@aol.com


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith L Green





Edith  Green






PLACES LIVED




Phoenix
, 



Az





Phoenix
, 



Az






Phoenix
, 



Az


+1 more
                                                



RELATIVES




Cornelius R Green





Aja M Green






Allen P Greene





Omari  Pack





Carlos A Green





Richard W Green





Virginia Rita Green





Kewan L Green





Leon A Green





Krystal Taquette Royalty Green





Sulaiman T Pack





Angel Marie Green





Brian Earl Green





Frank  Green





Hortencia R Green





Gregory Hanks Green





Jermaine  Green





Martin M Green





Kevin L Green





Kimberly Mae Green





Omar R Pack





Moses E Green





Marcella C Green





Rene  Green





Kevin Lane Green





James  Pack





David J Green


+25 more
                                                



EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY
, Health	


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        17.
                                            




Edith L Green

 - Phoenix,
AZ
                                    , Age 89




ALSO KNOWN AS




E B Lgreen





E B Green






Edith L Green
 




E L Bassett
 




Edith L Bassett
 

+3 more
                                                    






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        18.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Tolleson,
AZ





ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        19.
                                            




Edith I Green

 - Tucson,
AZ
                                    , Age 80


 
                                                
                                                    (520) ***-****
                                                


ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith  Green





Edith I Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                        20.
                                            




Edith M Green

 - Culver City,
CA
                                    , Age 58




ALSO KNOWN AS




Edith M Green






PLACES LIVED
                                            
                                              --
                                            

RELATIVES
                                            
                                                --
                                            

EDUCATION / WORK HISTORY

                                            
                                                    --
                                                


VIEW FULL DETAILS




                    1 of 16  
1
2
3
4
5
Next












Filter Results for Edith Green




First Name

Last Name



Last Known Location

Age




Cancel APPLY FILTERS









×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in






































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












				Copyright © MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








				* The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
			



 











×


ZIP Code


Please enter a valid zip code



SUBMIT

































Edith Kelly-Green | Board Member | Applied Industrial Technologies – IR Site












        Skip to main navigation
      





Register


Order History
Saved Lists
My Quotes























0






0








Submit






EDITH KELLY-GREEN













 

<< Back




        
          Edith

        
          Kelly-Green

        
      
Former Vice President and Chief Sourcing Officer
FedEx Express (Express Transportation) 
Chair of the Corporate Governance CommitteeMember of the Executive Committee



















...
























Edith Kelly Kelly-green - Memphis, TN | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Edith Kelly Kelly-Green in Memphis, TN


Edith Kelly Kelly-Green

                                                                                       Intelius found that Edith Kelly Kelly-green  is  a female between 60 and 70 years old from Memphis, TN.  We have connected them to
                13 addresses,
                12 phones,
                and 5 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Edith Kelly Green
Edith H Kelly
Edith H Kelly-Green
E H Green


Get Report Now

Age

Edith Kelly Kelly-Green is in her 60s

Edith Has Lived In

Memphis, TN
Cleveland, OH
Tallahassee, FL

Edith's Relatives

Ryan Green
Alfred Green
James Kelly
Jayna Kelly







Edith Kelly Kelly-Green



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderFemale



Professional Status
Board Member at Applied Industrial Technologies Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Edith? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Edith, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Edith Kelly Kelly-Green
Get a Criminal Check on Edith Kelly Kelly-Green
Get a Public Record Report on Edith Kelly Kelly-Green
Get a People Search Report on Edith Kelly Kelly-Green


Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Edith Kelly Kelly-Green has lived as well as Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's phone numbers and email addresses.




Edith Kelly Kelly-Green Has Lived in 4 States
Tennessee Address for Edith Kelly Kelly-Green


20 W G****** A** 

Memphis, TN


Has Lived In

Memphis, TN
Cleveland, OH


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Edith Kelly Kelly-Green

(901) ***-**** - Memphis, TN 
(901) ***-**** - Memphis, TN 
(216) ***-**** - Cleveland, OH 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Edith Kelly Kelly-Green

e*********n@***.com
e*****7@***.net
e***********n@***.com


Get Email Report




Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's Professional Information
Information regarding Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's professional history.  Find out previous places Edith Kelly Kelly-Green has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Edith Kelly Kelly-Green Has Worked at 4 Places
Company: Applied Industrial Technologies Inc
               Title: Board Member
Company: Applied Industrial Technologies Inc
               Title: Director
Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's Experience
Title: Board Member
               Company: Applied Industrial Technologies Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Title: Director
               Company: Applied Industrial Technologies Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Edith Kelly Kelly-Green

 See Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's LinkedIn Profile



Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Edith Kelly Kelly-Green


Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Edith Kelly Kelly-Green's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Edith Kelly-green
Username Matches

                  EdithKelly-green
                  Kelly-greenEdith
                  Edith.Kelly-green
                  Kelly-green.Edith
                  Edith_Kelly-green
                  Kelly-green_Edith
                  Edith-Kelly-green
                  Kelly-green-Edith
                  EKelly-green
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
E Kelly-green







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











 


Edith Kelly-Green | Professional Profile
 


























 









LinkedIn



















































Main content starts below.




Edith Kelly-GreenLocationGreater Memphis AreaIndustryFood & Beverages500+ connectionsView Edith’s full profile. It's free!Your colleagues, classmates, and 500 million other professionals are on LinkedIn.View Edith’s Full ProfileView Edith’s full profile to...See who you know in commonGet introducedContact Edith directlyView Edith’s Full ProfileView this profile in another languageEnglishChinese (Simplified)GermanPeople Also ViewedLaTonya BeanIndependent Distributor of Advocare
Healthcare Management Michael Freeman Jr.Experienced Criminal Investigator at City of MemphisMarva BallardOwner/Designer at MG Ballard DesignsVanity MacklinHuman Resources ManagerGloria BoylandFortune 100 Senior Executive; Office of the PresidentCarmen ColemanHuman Resources Manager at International PaperDarren H. DownenPresidentJames KellyInvestor in Various Restaurant Brands and Real EstateTerri MillerEnd of Life PreparationArnett EvansOwner of Noble Wolf Cleaning ServicePublic profile badgeInclude this LinkedIn profile on other websitesView profile badgesSearch by nameOver 500 million professionals are already on LinkedIn. Find who you know.First NameLast NameExample:  Jeff WeinerLinkedIn member directory:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzmoreBrowse members by country























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















edith kelly green - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related toedith kelly green



edith kelly green husband


edith kelly green memphis tn



edith kelly green net worth


edith kelly green lenny's




Web Results

How a Retired FedEx Exec Built a Mini Sandwich Empire

https://www.entrepreneur.com/article/225493


Edith Kelly-Green was ready to settle into a retirement when her family convinced her to open a Lenny's Sub Shop franchise.


Former FedEx VP Edith Kelly-Green Becomes a Top Franchise ...

www.blackenterprise.com/...fedex-vp-edith-kelly-green-owns-franchise


In 2003, after some 25 years of service with FedEx, Edith Kelly-Green entered into retirement.


Edith Kelly-Green - Executive Bio, Compensation History ...

people.equilar.com/bio/edith-kelly-green-applied-industrial/salary/...


View Edith Kelly-Green, Board Member at Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc., Cleveland, OH, executive profile on Equilar Atlas to see current salary at Applied ...


Edith Green, 64 - Memphis, TN | MyLife.com™ Background Profile

https://www.mylife.com/edith-kellygreen/edithkellygreen


AKA: Edith Kelleygreen, Edith Kelly green, Edith Kelly-green, Edith Kellygreen, Edith A Kelly, Edith H Green, Edith H Kelly, Edith H Kelly green, Edith H Kelly-green ...


Edith Kelly-Green Makes Planned Gift to Endow Three UM ...

https://news.olemiss.edu/kelly-greenscholarships


OXFORD, Miss. – Perseverance is a quality Edith Kelly-Green has used in building her life, and one that she wants to reward in others. She has committed a deferred ...


Edith Kelly-Green | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/edith.kellygreen


Edith Kelly-Green is on Facebook. Join Facebook to connect with Edith Kelly-Green and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power to share and...


Edith Kelly-Green | Professional Profile

https://www.linkedin.com/pub/dir/edith/kelly-green


View Edith Kelly-Green’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Edith Kelly-Green discover ...


Edith Kelly-Green | The KGR Group - Wimpy's | ZoomInfo.com

www.zoominfo.com/p/Edith-Kelly-Green/29385552


View Edith Kelly-Green's business profile as Partner at The KGR Group - Wimpy's and see work history, affiliations and more.


Edith Kelly-Green Makes Planned Gift to Endow Three UM ...

umfoundation.planmylegacy.org/meet-our-donors/edith-kelly-green...


Perseverance is a quality Edith Kelly-Green has used in building her life, and one that she wants to reward in others. She has committed a deferred gift of $375,000 ...


Edith Kelly-Green: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/person.asp...


Edith Kelly-Green serves as an Outside Director of UT Medical Group, Inc. Ms. Kelly-Green served as Director of Paragon National Bank.



Searches related toedith kelly green



edith kelly green husband


edith kelly green memphis tn



edith kelly green net worth


edith kelly green lenny's




12345Next






Answers







Edith Green



Edith Louise Starrett Green (January 17, 1910 – April 21, 1987) was an American politician and educator from Oregon. She was the second Oregonian woman...

more






Rose Edith Kelly



Rose Edith Kelly (23 July 1874 – 1932) married noted author, magician and occultist Aleister Crowley in 1903. In 1904, she aided him in the Cairo...

more






Edith Craig



Edith Ailsa Geraldine Craig (9 December 1869 – 27 March 1947) was a prolific theatre director, producer, costume designer and early pioneer of the...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.








