










 




Robert P Kelly                                                                                                           - Harrison                                          , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Harrison



Legal Services



Legal Services



                            Robert P Kelly
                                    



 





















R 


Robert P Kelly                                                                                                          
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



480 MAMARONECK AVE HARRISON, NY 10528
Get Directions



(914) 777-1577
 





Business Info



 Founded 1996
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $94,340.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Legal Services
 Contacts Robert Kelly                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Robert P Kelly                                                                                                           was founded in 1996, and is located at 480 Mamaroneck Ave in Harrison. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Robert Kelly                                                                                                             at (914) 777-1577. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







R

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Robert P Kelly - Quincy, MA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert P Kelly in Quincy, MA


Robert P Kelly

                                                                           Intelius found that Robert P Kelly  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Quincy, MA.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                7 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Rob  Kelly


Get Report Now

Age

Robert P Kelly is in his 60s

Robert Has Lived In

Quincy, MA
Braintree, MA
Boston, MA

Robert's Relatives

Timothy Kelly
James Kelly
Claire Kelly
Thomas Kelley







Robert P Kelly



Zodiac SignTaurus



GenderMale



Professional Status
Vo Product Development at Vantage Deluxe World Travel



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert P Kelly
Get a Criminal Check on Robert P Kelly
Get a Public Record Report on Robert P Kelly
Get a People Search Report on Robert P Kelly


Robert P Kelly's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert P Kelly has lived as well as Robert P Kelly's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert P Kelly Has Lived in 1 States
Massachusetts Address for Robert P Kelly


165 Q***** S**** D* 

Quincy, MA


Has Lived In

Quincy, MA
Braintree, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert P Kelly

(617) ***-**** - Quincy, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Boston, MA 
(617) ***-**** - Quincy, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert P Kelly

r************3@***.net
r*******0@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert P Kelly's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Robert P Kelly's academic history.  Find out which schools Robert P Kelly attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Robert P Kelly received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert P Kelly Has Attended 1 School
St Michaels College 1971 – 1975                              


Robert P Kelly's Professional Information
Information regarding Robert P Kelly's professional history.  Find out previous places Robert P Kelly has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Robert P Kelly Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Vantage Deluxe World Travel
               Title: Vo Product Development
Company: Vantage Deluxe World Travel
               Title: Vice President Marketing
Robert P Kelly's Experience
Title: Vo Product Development
               Company: Vantage Deluxe World Travel
Job Details

Title: Vice President Marketing
               Company: Vantage Deluxe World Travel
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Robert P Kelly

 See Robert P Kelly's LinkedIn Profile



Robert P Kelly's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert P Kelly


Robert P Kelly's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert P Kelly's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Kelly
Username Matches

                  RobertKelly
                  KellyRobert
                  Robert.Kelly
                  Kelly.Robert
                  Robert_Kelly
                  Kelly_Robert
                  Robert-Kelly
                  Kelly-Robert
                  RKelly
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Kelly







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














Robert G. Kelly Jr. - a King of Prussia, Pennsylvania (PA) Product Liability Lawyer
      




FindLaw


Are you a legal Professional?
Visit our professional site
Law firm marketing






Updated 07/04/2013Your profile? Update now

Kelly, Robert G. Jr.
Marshall Dennehey Warner Coleman & Goggin, P.C.


620 Freedom Business CenterSuite 300King of Prussia, PA 19406-1330

Websites 
        associated with this firm:www.marshalldennehey.com



Phones: (610) 354-8261


Fax: (610) 354-8299


      Contact Us




When viewing a listing, consider the state advertising restrictions to which lawyers and law firms must adhere, as well as our West Legal Directory disclaimers. Some lawyers publish comparative information regarding the services that they provide which may be subject to specific comparative communications restrictions.







Map Location

      		Please enable JavaScript to view the map.                    
	
View larger map/Directions »

How do I choose a lawyer?Consider the following: 
Comfort Level - Are you comfortable telling the lawyer personal
information? Does the lawyer seem interested in solving your problem? 
Credentials - How long has the lawyer been in practice? Has
the lawyer worked on other cases similar to yours? 
Cost - How are the lawyer's fees structured - hourly or flat
fee? Can the lawyer estimate the cost of your case? 
City - Is the lawyer's office conveniently located?
Not sure what questions to ask a lawyer?Here are a few to get you started:

How long have you been in practice?
How many cases like mine have you handled?
How often do you settle cases out of court?
What are your fees and costs?
What are the next steps?

Want to check lawyer discipline?Research
Lawyer Discipline.








      Robert Kelly: Fall of Bank of New York Mellon's superstar - Nov. 21, 2011
    





























Fortune 500: By the Numbers






            Robert Kelly: Inside the fall of a superstar banker
          
By Katie Benner and Shawn Tully November 21, 2011: 10:15 AM ET




                Two years ago the Bank of New York Mellon CEO almost left to run Bank of America, but he changed his mind and the board welcomed him back. That's when the trouble started.
              



              FORTUNE -- When Robert Kelly walked into the White House that Monday morning, he had every reason to be on edge. It was Dec. 14, 2009, and the CEO of Bank of New York Mellon was one of
              an elite group of bankers who had been summoned by President Obama. At the time, Kelly was deep in negotiations to leave his post at BNY Mellon, the eighth-biggest U.S. bank by assets,
              and take the top job at the industry's largest institution, Bank of America. The previous Tuesday he'd told the BNY Mellon board at a breakfast in Boston that "Bank of America wants me
              for the job," and that he planned to take it.
            

              The 11 a.m. meeting with the President was held in the windowless Roosevelt Room, just steps from the Oval Office. Kelly and fellow CEOs including John Stumpf of Wells Fargo
              (WFC, Fortune 500) and Jamie Dimon of J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM, Fortune 500) found seats at the table next to officials such as White House
              economic adviser Christina Romer and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. When the meeting came to order, President Obama delivered a stern message. He urged the bankers to revive lending to small businesses and
              lectured them about Wall Street pay. The federal government, the President stressed, had rescued the banks during the financial crisis, and it was beyond any notion of common sense -- a
              virtual insult, in fact -- for their top brass to pocket gigantic pay packages after the American taxpayer had bailed them out.
            




Comment







              Ironically, Kelly had for days been pushing for precisely the kind of exorbitant pay from Bank of America (BAC, Fortune 500) that President Obama was condemning. The week before, BofA had fully
              repaid its $45 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program, officially freeing itself from
              TARP's draconian restrictions on compensation. Over the next three days the BofA search committee hammered out a draft contract with Kelly that included an upfront payment of more than
              $20 million and guaranteed another $15 million to $20 million a year. The committee even agreed to Kelly's demand that BofA move its headquarters from Charlotte to New York City, where
              Kelly owns a sumptuous townhouse.
            

              But over the weekend the BofA directors had begun fretting about what they should have foreseen before offering Kelly such a sweet deal: a populist uproar on Capitol Hill the instant
              the news broke. If Kelly needed more evidence that his dream package was endangered, the President's harsh words in the Roosevelt Room that Monday seemed to seal its fate. He must have
              realized that his chances of securing perhaps the biggest job in banking were fading fast.
            

              Incredibly, Kelly still had a few hours to save his highly lucrative CEO post at BNY Mellon (BNY) -- even though this wasn't the first but the second time in just two months he'd flirted
              with BofA. The BNY Mellon board had scheduled a meeting at 4 p.m. to announce Kelly's departure and had the press release ready to go. So Kelly raced back from the White House to New
              York to save his job. He called lead director Wesley von Schack from
              Reagan National Airport and declared, "I want to stay." Around 5 p.m. he arrived in a conference room at BNY's headquarters at 1 Wall St., where von Schack was talking to the other
              directors on speakerphone. Von Schack, a retired CEO of utility Energy East, invited Kelly to speak. The CEO was now practically begging for his job from the same directors he'd brushed
              off a week before. "I don't like the way BofA has handled this process," he explained. "I wouldn't have a good working relationship with the directors." He apologized for his actions
              and added, "This is where I want to be."
            

              The BNY Mellon directors spent some time deliberating -- and took Kelly back. It was a fateful and misguided decision. In retrospect, it would have been far better if the board had
              forced him to go ahead with his resignation that afternoon. Because from that point on, the relationship with his lieutenants, the directors, and especially von Schack was poisoned. The
              surreal events of that day marked the start of a downward spiral of distrust at BNY Mellon that less than two years later would end in Kelly's forced resignation -- this time for real -- on Aug. 31 of this year. The press release
              that day contained a single-sentence explanation for Kelly's exit: "Robert P. Kelly has stepped down due to differences in approach to managing the company."
            

              Kelly's departure -- the sudden, shocking resignation of a star CEO -- has received remarkably little attention or explanation. Today BNY Mellon stands in the spotlight primarily as the
              target of two major legal battles. First, the U.S. Department of Justice and a handful of state attorneys general are seeking more than $2 billion in damages from BNY, charging that the
              bank cheated customers in foreign-exchange transactions -- alleged practices that long predate Kelly. (For more on those charges, see box) Second, BNY, serving as trustee, endorsed an
              $8.5 billion agreement between BofA and investors that bought BofA's toxic mortgages -- and now it's being sued by the New York attorney general's office, saying that BNY failed in its
              duty as trustee of the mortgage-backed securities.
            


0:00 / 1:33 Protesters want more from Bank of America


              But now, for the first time, the full story of Kelly's fall from grace can be told. Fortune assembled the dramatic narrative from interviews with dozens of sources, almost none
              of whom spoke for attribution but whose accounts could be confirmed by others. The tale chronicles a total mismatch between the personality and skills of a CEO and the challenges, and
              culture, of the company he was running. Robert Kelly, 57, can be a charming leader, with a sophisticated financial mind. His history shows that he's always looking for the next new
              thing -- a grander job, more money, and more excitement. Kelly, who declined to be interviewed for this story, is a big-picture thinker with an artistic, creative temperament who
              relishes business as an adventure. His weakness is a surfeit of self-confidence bordering on hubris.
            

              BNY Mellon couldn't have been a worse fit for Kelly. With $14.9 billion in 2010 revenue, BNY Mellon rankedNo. 165 in this year's Fortune 500 -- the 12th-largest commercial bank on the list. But it's a highly conservative, old-line institution
              that specializes in mundane, grind-it-out businesses and prizes tradition, self-effacement, and loyalty. It is a major player in asset management. But its signature franchise, where it
              ranks No. 1 globally, is asset servicing -- the business of performing record keeping, securities lending, and back-office tasks for investment funds and financial institutions. That's
              anything but glamorous, and it's not Bob Kelly.
            

              The story of Bob Kelly's downfall isn't primarily about BNY's financial performance, which was middling but hardly disastrous. It's chiefly a classic study in a dysfunctional
              relationship between a boss and a board. Even after pleading to keep his job, he bristled at taking orders from the directors who took him back. He kept going his own way, making
              decision after decision without consulting the board -- everything from exploring options for a new headquarters to a surprise plan to shrink the workforce. And veteran directors never
              got over what they viewed as an act of disloyalty that fateful week in December.
            

"Genteel was not Bob's style"


              A Canadian by birth, Robert Kelly grew up in the scenic Atlantic port city of Halifax in Nova Scotia, where his father worked as a tax accountant. Canadians like to compare Nova Scotia
              to America's Midwest: Both have a culture that encourages affability and plainspokenness -- qualities that his friends say Kelly shares, notably an unadorned bluntness. After graduating
              from Saint Mary's University in Halifax with a degree in accounting, Kelly joined KPMG and quickly discovered a way to win new clients. In 1979 he bought one of the first desktop
              computers, the Radio Shack TRS-80. He learned to program the machine and showed small businesses how to reap major savings by keeping their books electronically.
            

              In 1981, Kelly joined Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD)
              in its information technology department. Moving to London soon after, Kelly wrote pioneering programs that quickly valued the interest rate and currency derivatives that were just
              gaining favor in Europe, giving TD's traders an edge that brought big profits. He became CFO in 1992 at age 36. "Bob was highly analytical, a great salesman, and he even made business
              fun," recalls Stephen McDonald, a former colleague at TD and now co-CEO of investment bank Scotia Capital. "It was clear he was a top candidate to be CEO and wanted the job." But Kelly
              lost his opportunity when TD acquired Canada Trust Financial and named its CEO, W. Edmund Clark, as heir apparent.
            

              In 2000, Kelly joined First Union in Charlotte -- soon to be renamed Wachovia -- as CFO. First Union was undergoing a painful restructuring following years of whirlwind expansion that
              had turned reckless with the disastrous acquisitions of CoreStates and the Money Store in the Northeast. Kelly brought a relentless, disciplined approach to measuring which businesses
              and acquisitions provided the best returns, and ensuring that the bank allocated its capital to those areas. During his tenure as CFO from 2000 to early 2006, Wachovia delivered
              shareholders a total return of 92%, handily beating both the bank index and the S&P 500 (SPX). For two straight years, 2004 and 2005, the analysts polled by Institutional Investor voted Bob
              Kelly the best CFO of a large bank in America.
            

              One of the great mysteries of the Kelly saga is that a leader so well liked at Wachovia would rouse so much ill-feeling from his co-workers and his board just a few years later at BNY
              Mellon. But in retrospect, it's also remarkable that at Wachovia, Kelly fared so well in a courtly culture at odds with his own curt style. "It was a civil, Southern place, and that
              wasn't Bob," recalls Thomas Wurtz, who served as treasurer under Kelly. "Bob was honest and direct." Kelly sparred frequently with CEO Ken Thompson, who wanted to make Wachovia a big
              player in capital markets, a business Kelly disliked. "I don't see it that way," he'd tell his superiors in meetings, showing resistance practically unheard-of at the bank. "Genteel was
              not Bob's style," says Gregory Thompson, a former financial executive at Wachovia. "He wouldn't be offensive, but he'd dig his heels in."
            

BNY Mellon's cast of characters


              Kelly's co-workers at Wachovia found him a down-to-earth, fascinating colleague with a zany side. "Bob had this boisterous laugh you could hear across the floor," recalls former general
              counsel Mark Treanor. His colleagues still marvel over his mathematical abstract drawings. Often in meetings he'd do pen-and-ink caricatures of the folks in the room on a big pad while
              they discussed loan reserves or foreign-exchange hedging, then get smiles when he showed them their "likenesses."
            

              One year Kelly held a Christmas party at his home with a professional caricaturist on hand to draw the guests. At the evening's end, Kelly turned the easel around and made a quick
              sketch of the caricaturist that at least equaled the expert's work. "The doodling seemed to give him a freedom of thought, so that his brain could roam freely, so that he was unbounded
              by pure logic," says Gregory Thompson, who describes Kelly as a "3-D thinker." A history buff, Kelly festooned his office with photos of Winston Churchill and Orville Wright, as well as
              a seventh edition of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations from 1800, purchased on eBay.
            

              Kelly craved the limelight. He adored, for example, giving witty speeches explaining Wachovia's strategy to employees at call centers. But according to Wachovia veterans, Kelly also
              wanted to be the public face of Wachovia and chafed that Ken Thompson, not Bob Kelly, played the main part in telling the Wachovia story to Wall Street. A friend of Kelly's, who
              considers him a terrific banker, explains why Kelly can be either enthralling or irksome, depending on the audience. "Bob is used to being the smartest guy in the room," he says. "He
              presents his ideas like they're amazing. The people wowed by him love it. They feel lucky to be throwing ideas around with a guy that smart." But for those "not wowed by his ideas" or
              who have a different view, says the friend, he comes across as off-putting, arrogant, and sometimes rude.
            


0:00 / 1:23 Big fat banker bonuses? Unbelievable!


              Because he was around the same age as Thompson, Kelly's prospects of ever becoming CEO of Wachovia looked dim. But he had suitors. In 2006 the board of Mellon Financial decided that
              Kelly was just the change agent it needed to revive the fabled institution, then under extreme pressure from activist hedge funds. And Kelly's biggest champion on the Mellon board was a
              flinty retired utility executive -- none other than Wesley von Schack. Kelly was announced as CEO of Mellon in February 2006.
            

              It didn't take Kelly long to make a transformative move. In early December, after just 10 months at Mellon, Kelly announced a major deal -- a merger with Bank of New York. To Kelly the
              union made great business sense. BNY was powerful in asset servicing but underweight in asset management. For Mellon the mix was the reverse: It boasted a major investment franchise and
              a puny presence in custody. A few BNY directors worried that in their interviews with Kelly he was in the "all about me" mode, incessantly talking about his accomplishments. Still, the
              two boards determined that BNY's chief, Thomas Renyi, would remain as chairman but step down as CEO. Kelly would take charge, running a business three times the size of the former
              Mellon.
            

              Kelly the performer didn't hesitate to sketch a fantastic picture of the union. On Dec. 4, 2006, in a webcast to analysts, Kelly predicted that the combined BNY Mellon would begin by
              posting $2.5 billion in after-tax earnings, and grow rapidly from there. But the bank wouldn't come close to delivering on those promises. (It took until 2010 to reach the $2.5 billion
              profit goal.) A big reason for that, of course, was that the bottom dropped out of the economy not long after the merger. But eventually the board came to perceive Kelly as lacking
              sufficient desire to cultivate clients or the will to control escalating costs.
            

              At the outset, though, the two companies appeared to meld extremely well. They boasted two of the longest, proudest histories in the annals of American business. Bank of New York was
              the oldest financial institution in America, founded by Alexander Hamilton in 1784. Family patriarch Thomas Mellon had launched his bank in 1869. A key difference: Bank of New York was
              renowned for frugality, bordering on outright cheapness. In the 1990s dozens of analysts would stand in line waiting to use a handful of Bloomberg terminals. Managers would sometimes
              forgo raises and bonuses for as long as two years if costs got too high.
            

              The two boards merged smoothly. For the most part, the directors were CEOs or retired CEOs of medium-sized to fairly big companies, often from the Midwest, and they shared a "you work
              for us" attitude toward management. (Notably, one current director and Mellon board holdover is John Surma, CEO of U.S. Steel, who, as a trustee of Penn State, this November was the
              person who announced that legendary football coach Joe Paterno had been fired.) "The board bonded quickly," says Frank Biondi, a former chairman of Viacom (VIA) who left the board in 2008. "It didn't have
              high-profile people, but it was a smart, capable group." The directors assisted Kelly by creating an integration task force, reporting directly to the board, which over time created $1
              billion in cost savings by closing offices, reducing staff, and merging systems.
            

              Kelly had barely settled in to his new office in New York when he faced his first major test. The financial crisis struck in mid-2008, pounding asset-management fees as bond and stock
              prices plummeted. To the board, Kelly's leadership through the crisis looked sound. BNY took far smaller losses than most other banks and paid back its TARP money earlier. By late 2009 the stock had rebounded to $30 from a low of $19. Kelly was
              playing a major role in several industry groups, including the prestigious Financial Services Roundtable, and was highly respected in Washington as a counselor to the administration on
              regulatory matters.
            

              At the time, his public role appealed to the directors. Over breakfast the day of each board meeting, Kelly would keep the directors informed on what BNY could expect from regulatory
              reform in Washington. His role as ambassador was also good business: BNY Mellon won the exclusive contract from the Treasury Department to handle all of the bookkeeping, accounting, and
              distressed-asset auctions for TARP.
            

              In return the board gave its CEO the royal treatment. The compensation committee, headed by von Schack, modeled Kelly's compensation after that of highly paid CEOs of extremely large
              companies -- mostly a lot larger than BNY Mellon -- including J.P. Morgan, BlackRock (BLK, Fortune 500), Citigroup (C, Fortune 500), and Wells Fargo. From 2007 to 2010, Kelly earned, on average, $18
              million a year, making him one of America's highest-paid CEOs, financial or
              otherwise. The directors believed Kelly was leading BNY to the big time.
            

              Outside the office, Kelly enjoyed a lifestyle worthy of a Wall Street titan. In 2007 he paid $14.7 million for a five-story, 6,300-square-foot townhouse on Manhattan's Upper East Side,
              nine blocks from the stately former Mellon family mansion. The house was meticulously renovated in the Mackintosh architectural style, inspired by the British arts-and-crafts school.
              The library shelving was carved from a single walnut tree. A folk-art Canadian Mountie doll was placed in the parlor floor window, as if to stand guard.
            

Kelly's flirtation with BofA


              The crack that would weaken, then destroy, the bonds of trust between Kelly and the board opened when Kelly began his on-again, off-again dance with Bank of America. In late October
              2009, Kelly started negotiations with BofA -- without telling his board. From the start, any agreement faced a stiff obstacle: It would cost BofA well over $20 million to buy out
              Kelly's package of stock and retirement benefits at BNY Mellon. Kelly wanted a chance to run the nation's biggest bank, but he didn't want to give up his lucrative compensation to do
              so. BofA was still under the TARP rules, so the Treasury Department could veto a pay deal it considered excessive. Members of the compensation committee tried negotiating with Kenneth Feinberg, at the time the Obama administration's executive-compensation czar. But Feinberg adamantly
              opposed any large buyout, saying that it was totally inappropriate for a company taking government money, and it would never happen on his watch.
            

              As it turned out, Feinberg's objections weren't the deal killer. On Nov. 3, Kelly, members of the search committee, and assorted lawyers and headhunters met at BofA headquarters in
              Charlotte and by phone until around 11 p.m. The next morning the exhausted participants were shocked to read a full account in the Wall Street Journal of how Robert Kelly was
              being recruited for the BofA post. Kelly and his team were furious, suspecting that insiders who wanted to see BofA executive Brian Moynihan get the job had leaked the story to the
              Journal. "They're forcing me to drop out!" Kelly complained. That day he wrote a memo to his executive committee addressing the BofA report: "I want to make clear: I am not
              interested."
            

              In early December it appeared that Bank of America would repay TARP far sooner than expected. The BofA board wanted desperately to escape the program's pay restrictions so that the
              company could hire an outsider as CEO, the preference of the majority of the directors. Its six-person search committee began once again courting their favorite candidate: Bob Kelly.
              And Kelly was still more than willing to listen.
            


0:00 / 03:58 Citi CEO: Banks need regulation


              This time Kelly informed von Schack about the new negotiations as soon as they started. At the breakfast on Tuesday in Boston, before a scheduled board meeting, Kelly delivered the news
              to all the directors. "This is an opportunity I owe my family," he said. "I need to pursue it." The next day von Schack consulted with an executivesearch firm to begin identifying CEO
              candidates if, as seemed probable, Kelly took the BofA job.
            

              Von Schack also told Kelly they needed his decision virtually right away. But Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday passed, and Kelly's letter of resignation didn't arrive. So on Saturday,
              von Schack called Kelly to establish a deadline: Kelly had 48 hours to decide if he was leaving. The board, von Schack said, had a meeting scheduled for Monday at 4 p.m. If they hadn't
              heard from Kelly by then, they would announce that he had resigned.
            

              Meanwhile the BofA board began to have its second thoughts. Now that the bank had repaid TARP, regulators couldn't block the deal. Nor did anyone in the administration threaten any
              regulatory backlash. But BofA directors did call Geithner for guidance. Without expressing an opinion, Geithner suggested that the board check with Feinberg. On a conference call
              Feinberg again told the directors that they would have to be crazy to make the deal, and that the new CEO's first days would be spent getting pilloried by outraged members of Congress
              at sensational hearings.
            

              For Kelly it was a case of damned either way. It was obvious that the BofA board was fractured. Several directors favored Moynihan -- who ultimately landed the job -- and were using the political climate as a reason to
              sabotage his deal. Kelly also had to consider the damage if he did get the package he'd been requesting. Regulators would no longer think of him as a distinguished banker, just as
              another CEO whose compensation the public reviled.
            

              While Kelly was weighing these issues, the BNY board was considering its options. Among the internal candidates to replace Kelly, some board members favored the president, Gerald
              Hassell, a Bank of New York lifer who early in his career impressed Biondi as a lending officer in the CBS Building on the Avenue of the Americas. But the directors were also compelled
              to mount a search for outside candidates. And they feared that the process could drag on for weeks or even months, and that it might end up being highly expensive if they chose an
              outside candidate and had to buy him out of his contract. Pointedly, they wanted to avoid the mess that the Bank of America search had become.
            

              When Kelly swept into the conference room that Monday and pleaded to keep his job, he gave the board an out. Yes, they were stung by his betrayal. But they justified taking him back by
              saying that it would be better for BNY not to change leadership while the economic recovery was still fragile. After Kelly was excused from the meeting, the general sentiment on the
              conference call was relief. Instead of the press release announcing Kelly's departure, employees got an e-mail that same afternoon from the boss. It said, "I firmly concluded that my
              place is here at BNY Mellon."
            

              The board's motive for taking Kelly back -- not wanting to disrupt the bank's operations and management, and hoping to avoid a potentially messy succession -- was a weak one. They now
              had to worry about Kelly's loyalty. And the relationship between the CEO and his board would turn increasingly suspicious and adversarial.
            

              Two days after Kelly returned, he had dinner with three directors: von Schack; John Luke, CEO of MeadWestvaco (MWV, Fortune 500), who chairs the governance committee; and Catherine Rein, a former top executive at MetLife (MET, Fortune 500) and a 30-year veteran of the board. They expressed their alarm at
              his flirtation with BofA. The directors told Kelly he would have to spend time "mending fences" with them -- and were alarmed when Kelly seemed surprised. They also informed Kelly that
              if he were to leave, Hassell would replace him as CEO. Hassell, they told Kelly, had just the skills they prized: He knew the complex custody business intimately and spent every waking
              hour working to please customers. Kelly would need to work extremely closely with Hassell.
            

              But the warnings didn't chasten Kelly, who bridled more than ever under the board's authority. In June 2010 the three-year freeze on committee chairmanships expired. Kelly recommended
              to von Shack and Luke that the board change the chairs of two committees -- Rein, who heads the audit committee, and Nicholas Donofrio, a former IBM (IBM, Fortune 500) executive who leads the risk committee. After a brief discussion the
              board rejected the suggestion on the grounds that the two chairpersons had recently received excellent evaluations from their committee members. Von Schack reminded Kelly that it was
              the job of the independent directors, excluding the management members, to choose committee chairs. The incident didn't win Kelly any goodwill in the boardroom.
            

              The directors began to fret that BNY Mellon was losing talent. Around the time of the tiff over board chairs, two potential future CEO candidates left. Ronald O'Hanley, the
              asset-management chief, departed for Fidelity. And the head of wealth management, David Lamere, left without taking a new job. Kelly took a "no big deal" attitude in explaining their
              exits to the board. But to the directors, it was a very big deal. The board had been pressing Kelly to improve management's bench strength. Suddenly two possible future CEO candidates
              were gone.
            

              In replacing O'Hanley, Kelly managed to anger one of his biggest customers. The CEO announced in August 2010 that he had recruited Curtis Arledge from BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager. Kelly lured
              Arledge with an over-the-top compensation package that could pay him more than $30 million in less than two years, as well as promises to groom him as a successor. In the late 1980s,
              Arledge had been an early BlackRock employee, but he had left and later overlapped with Kelly at Wachovia. He'd been hired back at BlackRock in 2008 and just eight months earlier had
              been promoted to a new role handling the firm's big fixed-income clients.
            

              BlackRock's CEO, Larry Fink, and its president, Robert Kapito, were furious. They hated changing the cast that served their customers. Most of all, they were incensed that Kelly had the
              audacity to raid a big client without so much as a courtesy call. After hearing that Fink and Kapito were upset, Kelly took Hassell and went to see them at BlackRock's offices on East
              52nd Street. But when Fink vented his frustration, Kelly took a cavalier "it's just business" approach that did nothing to soothe Fink's ire.
            

              That kind of imperious behavior repeatedly caused Kelly to clash with his board too. For example, Kelly was appalled by the condition of BNY's headquarters, in a 1932 art deco building
              on the corner of Wall Street and Broadway. He explored different options, from a sweeping renovation to the construction of a new building -- developments the board first learned about
              from a news article in May 2010. Kelly talked incessantly about his desire to move to an expensive, ultramodern headquarters, annoying the board to no end. Finally, this past summer von
              Schack informed Kelly that the board didn't feel it was a good time to spend a lot of money on relocating.
            

              In December 2010 the compensation committee collected its annual written appraisals from the 12 independent directors. Many of the reviews were extremely critical. So in February of
              this year the board assigned five directors to meet with Kelly and discuss the poor evaluations. The board believed it was sending him a major warning signal.
            

              According to people who've spoken with Kelly since his dismissal, however, he didn't think the meeting was a warning. Rather, he viewed it merely as his annual review, and a good one at
              that. Indeed, the board gave him a $5.6 million bonus for 2010, including 100% of his target based on his individual performance.
            

              Since late 2009 the directors had been pushing Kelly to hold a big management meeting to fully present his strategic plan for how BNY would grow. At first Kelly resisted, arguing that
              he needed to focus on addressing regulatory issues and shoring up the balance sheet. But even before the review in February, the directors began to increase the pressure. The board
              wanted to know how Kelly planned to control the rising expenses that were eating into profits. They viewed the strategy session as a crucial test.
            

              Finally, Kelly scheduled the conclave for June 2011 at the Doral Arrowwood resort in Rye Brook, N.Y. But it was Hassell, as well as other lieutenants, who handled the big presentations
              and who showed the surest mastery of how to raise BNY's lagging profitability. For the board, the meeting was further evidence that their backup candidate was really their man. Kelly
              took a passive role.
            

The end of the union


              If the Kelly saga has a tipping point, it came on the evening of the presentations at the Arrowwood. The board was already worried that Kelly had become a divisive figure. After dinner
              several top executives quietly approached directors and complained about Kelly's leadership, charging that he played favorites. Hassell was not among the grousers. "He wouldn't complain
              if his fingers were being cut off," remarks an insider who knows him well. But the board was alarmed. In the days that followed, von Schack initiated confidential meetings with several
              more managers and heard much the same story. It became clear that there were problems brewing.
            

              One example was the way Kelly treated the general counsel, Jane
              Sherburne, a high-profile hire who joined BNY in May 2010. Sherburne had served as GC at Wachovia and remains highly respected in Washington from her days as a former White House
              special counsel in the Clinton administration. In addition to her role as general counsel, the board insisted that Sherburne take on the position of chief of government affairs -- which
              meant infringing on a role that Kelly had enjoyed filling.
            

              More than once Kelly openly denigrated Sherburne, to the distaste of the board. While discussing one issue, he remarked to directors that "Jane should have caught that." Another time he
              remarked witheringly that "Jane has to make changes to get used to our culture." The board, though, felt Sherburne missed nothing and considered Kelly's criticisms vindictive.
            

              The final blow came in early August of this year when Kelly presented to the board a plan to lay off 1,500 employees -- just one day before he made it public. The move was a shock to
              the directors. They saw it as an unplanned, reflexive reaction to criticism from Wall Street. It hadn't been discussed at all at the strategy session. The board felt that the CEO was
              forcing its hand.
            

              On Aug. 30, von Schack and Samuel Scott, head of the human resources committee and the retired CEO of Corn Products (CPO), went to Kelly's office. They told Kelly that the board wanted him to leave. Kelly's
              reaction was total amazement. When he asked why, the directors simply said that the board had lost confidence in him to the point where he had to resign or be fired. Gerald Hassell was being promoted to CEO. They declined to give further
              explanation.
            

              In retrospect, the union of Bob Kelly and Bank of New York Mellon was a classic case of miscasting. The board ultimately didn't want a visionary in charge so much as an operations
              mastermind. "There was a mismatch between Bob and the process-oriented culture" of BNY, says one of his friends. By pursuing the BofA job, Kelly made it clear that his heart wasn't with
              Bank of New York Mellon. It was only a matter of time before the relationship dissolved.
            

              Kelly's friends say he has no desire to retire, even after pocketing his full severance and retirement benefits worth $34 million. He is regrouping and hopes soon to be back where he
              feels he belongs -- running a large financial company. To improve his odds of success, he should choose his next board carefully.
            

This article is from the December 12, 2011 issue of Fortune. 



              First Published: November 21, 2011: 6:38 AM ET
            












            Related Articles
          
2011 Businessperson of the YearFinally, finance bonuses return to earthTime to buy U.S. banks?


















      Robert Kelly: Fall of Bank of New York Mellon's superstar - Nov. 21, 2011
    





























Fortune 500: By the Numbers






            Robert Kelly: Inside the fall of a superstar banker
          
By Katie Benner and Shawn Tully November 21, 2011: 10:15 AM ET




                Two years ago the Bank of New York Mellon CEO almost left to run Bank of America, but he changed his mind and the board welcomed him back. That's when the trouble started.
              



              FORTUNE -- When Robert Kelly walked into the White House that Monday morning, he had every reason to be on edge. It was Dec. 14, 2009, and the CEO of Bank of New York Mellon was one of
              an elite group of bankers who had been summoned by President Obama. At the time, Kelly was deep in negotiations to leave his post at BNY Mellon, the eighth-biggest U.S. bank by assets,
              and take the top job at the industry's largest institution, Bank of America. The previous Tuesday he'd told the BNY Mellon board at a breakfast in Boston that "Bank of America wants me
              for the job," and that he planned to take it.
            

              The 11 a.m. meeting with the President was held in the windowless Roosevelt Room, just steps from the Oval Office. Kelly and fellow CEOs including John Stumpf of Wells Fargo
              (WFC, Fortune 500) and Jamie Dimon of J.P. Morgan Chase (JPM, Fortune 500) found seats at the table next to officials such as White House
              economic adviser Christina Romer and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner. When the meeting came to order, President Obama delivered a stern message. He urged the bankers to revive lending to small businesses and
              lectured them about Wall Street pay. The federal government, the President stressed, had rescued the banks during the financial crisis, and it was beyond any notion of common sense -- a
              virtual insult, in fact -- for their top brass to pocket gigantic pay packages after the American taxpayer had bailed them out.
            




Comment







              Ironically, Kelly had for days been pushing for precisely the kind of exorbitant pay from Bank of America (BAC, Fortune 500) that President Obama was condemning. The week before, BofA had fully
              repaid its $45 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program, officially freeing itself from
              TARP's draconian restrictions on compensation. Over the next three days the BofA search committee hammered out a draft contract with Kelly that included an upfront payment of more than
              $20 million and guaranteed another $15 million to $20 million a year. The committee even agreed to Kelly's demand that BofA move its headquarters from Charlotte to New York City, where
              Kelly owns a sumptuous townhouse.
            

              But over the weekend the BofA directors had begun fretting about what they should have foreseen before offering Kelly such a sweet deal: a populist uproar on Capitol Hill the instant
              the news broke. If Kelly needed more evidence that his dream package was endangered, the President's harsh words in the Roosevelt Room that Monday seemed to seal its fate. He must have
              realized that his chances of securing perhaps the biggest job in banking were fading fast.
            

              Incredibly, Kelly still had a few hours to save his highly lucrative CEO post at BNY Mellon (BNY) -- even though this wasn't the first but the second time in just two months he'd flirted
              with BofA. The BNY Mellon board had scheduled a meeting at 4 p.m. to announce Kelly's departure and had the press release ready to go. So Kelly raced back from the White House to New
              York to save his job. He called lead director Wesley von Schack from
              Reagan National Airport and declared, "I want to stay." Around 5 p.m. he arrived in a conference room at BNY's headquarters at 1 Wall St., where von Schack was talking to the other
              directors on speakerphone. Von Schack, a retired CEO of utility Energy East, invited Kelly to speak. The CEO was now practically begging for his job from the same directors he'd brushed
              off a week before. "I don't like the way BofA has handled this process," he explained. "I wouldn't have a good working relationship with the directors." He apologized for his actions
              and added, "This is where I want to be."
            

              The BNY Mellon directors spent some time deliberating -- and took Kelly back. It was a fateful and misguided decision. In retrospect, it would have been far better if the board had
              forced him to go ahead with his resignation that afternoon. Because from that point on, the relationship with his lieutenants, the directors, and especially von Schack was poisoned. The
              surreal events of that day marked the start of a downward spiral of distrust at BNY Mellon that less than two years later would end in Kelly's forced resignation -- this time for real -- on Aug. 31 of this year. The press release
              that day contained a single-sentence explanation for Kelly's exit: "Robert P. Kelly has stepped down due to differences in approach to managing the company."
            

              Kelly's departure -- the sudden, shocking resignation of a star CEO -- has received remarkably little attention or explanation. Today BNY Mellon stands in the spotlight primarily as the
              target of two major legal battles. First, the U.S. Department of Justice and a handful of state attorneys general are seeking more than $2 billion in damages from BNY, charging that the
              bank cheated customers in foreign-exchange transactions -- alleged practices that long predate Kelly. (For more on those charges, see box) Second, BNY, serving as trustee, endorsed an
              $8.5 billion agreement between BofA and investors that bought BofA's toxic mortgages -- and now it's being sued by the New York attorney general's office, saying that BNY failed in its
              duty as trustee of the mortgage-backed securities.
            


0:00 / 1:33 Protesters want more from Bank of America


              But now, for the first time, the full story of Kelly's fall from grace can be told. Fortune assembled the dramatic narrative from interviews with dozens of sources, almost none
              of whom spoke for attribution but whose accounts could be confirmed by others. The tale chronicles a total mismatch between the personality and skills of a CEO and the challenges, and
              culture, of the company he was running. Robert Kelly, 57, can be a charming leader, with a sophisticated financial mind. His history shows that he's always looking for the next new
              thing -- a grander job, more money, and more excitement. Kelly, who declined to be interviewed for this story, is a big-picture thinker with an artistic, creative temperament who
              relishes business as an adventure. His weakness is a surfeit of self-confidence bordering on hubris.
            

              BNY Mellon couldn't have been a worse fit for Kelly. With $14.9 billion in 2010 revenue, BNY Mellon rankedNo. 165 in this year's Fortune 500 -- the 12th-largest commercial bank on the list. But it's a highly conservative, old-line institution
              that specializes in mundane, grind-it-out businesses and prizes tradition, self-effacement, and loyalty. It is a major player in asset management. But its signature franchise, where it
              ranks No. 1 globally, is asset servicing -- the business of performing record keeping, securities lending, and back-office tasks for investment funds and financial institutions. That's
              anything but glamorous, and it's not Bob Kelly.
            

              The story of Bob Kelly's downfall isn't primarily about BNY's financial performance, which was middling but hardly disastrous. It's chiefly a classic study in a dysfunctional
              relationship between a boss and a board. Even after pleading to keep his job, he bristled at taking orders from the directors who took him back. He kept going his own way, making
              decision after decision without consulting the board -- everything from exploring options for a new headquarters to a surprise plan to shrink the workforce. And veteran directors never
              got over what they viewed as an act of disloyalty that fateful week in December.
            

"Genteel was not Bob's style"


              A Canadian by birth, Robert Kelly grew up in the scenic Atlantic port city of Halifax in Nova Scotia, where his father worked as a tax accountant. Canadians like to compare Nova Scotia
              to America's Midwest: Both have a culture that encourages affability and plainspokenness -- qualities that his friends say Kelly shares, notably an unadorned bluntness. After graduating
              from Saint Mary's University in Halifax with a degree in accounting, Kelly joined KPMG and quickly discovered a way to win new clients. In 1979 he bought one of the first desktop
              computers, the Radio Shack TRS-80. He learned to program the machine and showed small businesses how to reap major savings by keeping their books electronically.
            

              In 1981, Kelly joined Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD)
              in its information technology department. Moving to London soon after, Kelly wrote pioneering programs that quickly valued the interest rate and currency derivatives that were just
              gaining favor in Europe, giving TD's traders an edge that brought big profits. He became CFO in 1992 at age 36. "Bob was highly analytical, a great salesman, and he even made business
              fun," recalls Stephen McDonald, a former colleague at TD and now co-CEO of investment bank Scotia Capital. "It was clear he was a top candidate to be CEO and wanted the job." But Kelly
              lost his opportunity when TD acquired Canada Trust Financial and named its CEO, W. Edmund Clark, as heir apparent.
            

              In 2000, Kelly joined First Union in Charlotte -- soon to be renamed Wachovia -- as CFO. First Union was undergoing a painful restructuring following years of whirlwind expansion that
              had turned reckless with the disastrous acquisitions of CoreStates and the Money Store in the Northeast. Kelly brought a relentless, disciplined approach to measuring which businesses
              and acquisitions provided the best returns, and ensuring that the bank allocated its capital to those areas. During his tenure as CFO from 2000 to early 2006, Wachovia delivered
              shareholders a total return of 92%, handily beating both the bank index and the S&P 500 (SPX). For two straight years, 2004 and 2005, the analysts polled by Institutional Investor voted Bob
              Kelly the best CFO of a large bank in America.
            

              One of the great mysteries of the Kelly saga is that a leader so well liked at Wachovia would rouse so much ill-feeling from his co-workers and his board just a few years later at BNY
              Mellon. But in retrospect, it's also remarkable that at Wachovia, Kelly fared so well in a courtly culture at odds with his own curt style. "It was a civil, Southern place, and that
              wasn't Bob," recalls Thomas Wurtz, who served as treasurer under Kelly. "Bob was honest and direct." Kelly sparred frequently with CEO Ken Thompson, who wanted to make Wachovia a big
              player in capital markets, a business Kelly disliked. "I don't see it that way," he'd tell his superiors in meetings, showing resistance practically unheard-of at the bank. "Genteel was
              not Bob's style," says Gregory Thompson, a former financial executive at Wachovia. "He wouldn't be offensive, but he'd dig his heels in."
            

BNY Mellon's cast of characters


              Kelly's co-workers at Wachovia found him a down-to-earth, fascinating colleague with a zany side. "Bob had this boisterous laugh you could hear across the floor," recalls former general
              counsel Mark Treanor. His colleagues still marvel over his mathematical abstract drawings. Often in meetings he'd do pen-and-ink caricatures of the folks in the room on a big pad while
              they discussed loan reserves or foreign-exchange hedging, then get smiles when he showed them their "likenesses."
            

              One year Kelly held a Christmas party at his home with a professional caricaturist on hand to draw the guests. At the evening's end, Kelly turned the easel around and made a quick
              sketch of the caricaturist that at least equaled the expert's work. "The doodling seemed to give him a freedom of thought, so that his brain could roam freely, so that he was unbounded
              by pure logic," says Gregory Thompson, who describes Kelly as a "3-D thinker." A history buff, Kelly festooned his office with photos of Winston Churchill and Orville Wright, as well as
              a seventh edition of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations from 1800, purchased on eBay.
            

              Kelly craved the limelight. He adored, for example, giving witty speeches explaining Wachovia's strategy to employees at call centers. But according to Wachovia veterans, Kelly also
              wanted to be the public face of Wachovia and chafed that Ken Thompson, not Bob Kelly, played the main part in telling the Wachovia story to Wall Street. A friend of Kelly's, who
              considers him a terrific banker, explains why Kelly can be either enthralling or irksome, depending on the audience. "Bob is used to being the smartest guy in the room," he says. "He
              presents his ideas like they're amazing. The people wowed by him love it. They feel lucky to be throwing ideas around with a guy that smart." But for those "not wowed by his ideas" or
              who have a different view, says the friend, he comes across as off-putting, arrogant, and sometimes rude.
            


0:00 / 1:23 Big fat banker bonuses? Unbelievable!


              Because he was around the same age as Thompson, Kelly's prospects of ever becoming CEO of Wachovia looked dim. But he had suitors. In 2006 the board of Mellon Financial decided that
              Kelly was just the change agent it needed to revive the fabled institution, then under extreme pressure from activist hedge funds. And Kelly's biggest champion on the Mellon board was a
              flinty retired utility executive -- none other than Wesley von Schack. Kelly was announced as CEO of Mellon in February 2006.
            

              It didn't take Kelly long to make a transformative move. In early December, after just 10 months at Mellon, Kelly announced a major deal -- a merger with Bank of New York. To Kelly the
              union made great business sense. BNY was powerful in asset servicing but underweight in asset management. For Mellon the mix was the reverse: It boasted a major investment franchise and
              a puny presence in custody. A few BNY directors worried that in their interviews with Kelly he was in the "all about me" mode, incessantly talking about his accomplishments. Still, the
              two boards determined that BNY's chief, Thomas Renyi, would remain as chairman but step down as CEO. Kelly would take charge, running a business three times the size of the former
              Mellon.
            

              Kelly the performer didn't hesitate to sketch a fantastic picture of the union. On Dec. 4, 2006, in a webcast to analysts, Kelly predicted that the combined BNY Mellon would begin by
              posting $2.5 billion in after-tax earnings, and grow rapidly from there. But the bank wouldn't come close to delivering on those promises. (It took until 2010 to reach the $2.5 billion
              profit goal.) A big reason for that, of course, was that the bottom dropped out of the economy not long after the merger. But eventually the board came to perceive Kelly as lacking
              sufficient desire to cultivate clients or the will to control escalating costs.
            

              At the outset, though, the two companies appeared to meld extremely well. They boasted two of the longest, proudest histories in the annals of American business. Bank of New York was
              the oldest financial institution in America, founded by Alexander Hamilton in 1784. Family patriarch Thomas Mellon had launched his bank in 1869. A key difference: Bank of New York was
              renowned for frugality, bordering on outright cheapness. In the 1990s dozens of analysts would stand in line waiting to use a handful of Bloomberg terminals. Managers would sometimes
              forgo raises and bonuses for as long as two years if costs got too high.
            

              The two boards merged smoothly. For the most part, the directors were CEOs or retired CEOs of medium-sized to fairly big companies, often from the Midwest, and they shared a "you work
              for us" attitude toward management. (Notably, one current director and Mellon board holdover is John Surma, CEO of U.S. Steel, who, as a trustee of Penn State, this November was the
              person who announced that legendary football coach Joe Paterno had been fired.) "The board bonded quickly," says Frank Biondi, a former chairman of Viacom (VIA) who left the board in 2008. "It didn't have
              high-profile people, but it was a smart, capable group." The directors assisted Kelly by creating an integration task force, reporting directly to the board, which over time created $1
              billion in cost savings by closing offices, reducing staff, and merging systems.
            

              Kelly had barely settled in to his new office in New York when he faced his first major test. The financial crisis struck in mid-2008, pounding asset-management fees as bond and stock
              prices plummeted. To the board, Kelly's leadership through the crisis looked sound. BNY took far smaller losses than most other banks and paid back its TARP money earlier. By late 2009 the stock had rebounded to $30 from a low of $19. Kelly was
              playing a major role in several industry groups, including the prestigious Financial Services Roundtable, and was highly respected in Washington as a counselor to the administration on
              regulatory matters.
            

              At the time, his public role appealed to the directors. Over breakfast the day of each board meeting, Kelly would keep the directors informed on what BNY could expect from regulatory
              reform in Washington. His role as ambassador was also good business: BNY Mellon won the exclusive contract from the Treasury Department to handle all of the bookkeeping, accounting, and
              distressed-asset auctions for TARP.
            

              In return the board gave its CEO the royal treatment. The compensation committee, headed by von Schack, modeled Kelly's compensation after that of highly paid CEOs of extremely large
              companies -- mostly a lot larger than BNY Mellon -- including J.P. Morgan, BlackRock (BLK, Fortune 500), Citigroup (C, Fortune 500), and Wells Fargo. From 2007 to 2010, Kelly earned, on average, $18
              million a year, making him one of America's highest-paid CEOs, financial or
              otherwise. The directors believed Kelly was leading BNY to the big time.
            

              Outside the office, Kelly enjoyed a lifestyle worthy of a Wall Street titan. In 2007 he paid $14.7 million for a five-story, 6,300-square-foot townhouse on Manhattan's Upper East Side,
              nine blocks from the stately former Mellon family mansion. The house was meticulously renovated in the Mackintosh architectural style, inspired by the British arts-and-crafts school.
              The library shelving was carved from a single walnut tree. A folk-art Canadian Mountie doll was placed in the parlor floor window, as if to stand guard.
            

Kelly's flirtation with BofA


              The crack that would weaken, then destroy, the bonds of trust between Kelly and the board opened when Kelly began his on-again, off-again dance with Bank of America. In late October
              2009, Kelly started negotiations with BofA -- without telling his board. From the start, any agreement faced a stiff obstacle: It would cost BofA well over $20 million to buy out
              Kelly's package of stock and retirement benefits at BNY Mellon. Kelly wanted a chance to run the nation's biggest bank, but he didn't want to give up his lucrative compensation to do
              so. BofA was still under the TARP rules, so the Treasury Department could veto a pay deal it considered excessive. Members of the compensation committee tried negotiating with Kenneth Feinberg, at the time the Obama administration's executive-compensation czar. But Feinberg adamantly
              opposed any large buyout, saying that it was totally inappropriate for a company taking government money, and it would never happen on his watch.
            

              As it turned out, Feinberg's objections weren't the deal killer. On Nov. 3, Kelly, members of the search committee, and assorted lawyers and headhunters met at BofA headquarters in
              Charlotte and by phone until around 11 p.m. The next morning the exhausted participants were shocked to read a full account in the Wall Street Journal of how Robert Kelly was
              being recruited for the BofA post. Kelly and his team were furious, suspecting that insiders who wanted to see BofA executive Brian Moynihan get the job had leaked the story to the
              Journal. "They're forcing me to drop out!" Kelly complained. That day he wrote a memo to his executive committee addressing the BofA report: "I want to make clear: I am not
              interested."
            

              In early December it appeared that Bank of America would repay TARP far sooner than expected. The BofA board wanted desperately to escape the program's pay restrictions so that the
              company could hire an outsider as CEO, the preference of the majority of the directors. Its six-person search committee began once again courting their favorite candidate: Bob Kelly.
              And Kelly was still more than willing to listen.
            


0:00 / 03:58 Citi CEO: Banks need regulation


              This time Kelly informed von Schack about the new negotiations as soon as they started. At the breakfast on Tuesday in Boston, before a scheduled board meeting, Kelly delivered the news
              to all the directors. "This is an opportunity I owe my family," he said. "I need to pursue it." The next day von Schack consulted with an executivesearch firm to begin identifying CEO
              candidates if, as seemed probable, Kelly took the BofA job.
            

              Von Schack also told Kelly they needed his decision virtually right away. But Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday passed, and Kelly's letter of resignation didn't arrive. So on Saturday,
              von Schack called Kelly to establish a deadline: Kelly had 48 hours to decide if he was leaving. The board, von Schack said, had a meeting scheduled for Monday at 4 p.m. If they hadn't
              heard from Kelly by then, they would announce that he had resigned.
            

              Meanwhile the BofA board began to have its second thoughts. Now that the bank had repaid TARP, regulators couldn't block the deal. Nor did anyone in the administration threaten any
              regulatory backlash. But BofA directors did call Geithner for guidance. Without expressing an opinion, Geithner suggested that the board check with Feinberg. On a conference call
              Feinberg again told the directors that they would have to be crazy to make the deal, and that the new CEO's first days would be spent getting pilloried by outraged members of Congress
              at sensational hearings.
            

              For Kelly it was a case of damned either way. It was obvious that the BofA board was fractured. Several directors favored Moynihan -- who ultimately landed the job -- and were using the political climate as a reason to
              sabotage his deal. Kelly also had to consider the damage if he did get the package he'd been requesting. Regulators would no longer think of him as a distinguished banker, just as
              another CEO whose compensation the public reviled.
            

              While Kelly was weighing these issues, the BNY board was considering its options. Among the internal candidates to replace Kelly, some board members favored the president, Gerald
              Hassell, a Bank of New York lifer who early in his career impressed Biondi as a lending officer in the CBS Building on the Avenue of the Americas. But the directors were also compelled
              to mount a search for outside candidates. And they feared that the process could drag on for weeks or even months, and that it might end up being highly expensive if they chose an
              outside candidate and had to buy him out of his contract. Pointedly, they wanted to avoid the mess that the Bank of America search had become.
            

              When Kelly swept into the conference room that Monday and pleaded to keep his job, he gave the board an out. Yes, they were stung by his betrayal. But they justified taking him back by
              saying that it would be better for BNY not to change leadership while the economic recovery was still fragile. After Kelly was excused from the meeting, the general sentiment on the
              conference call was relief. Instead of the press release announcing Kelly's departure, employees got an e-mail that same afternoon from the boss. It said, "I firmly concluded that my
              place is here at BNY Mellon."
            

              The board's motive for taking Kelly back -- not wanting to disrupt the bank's operations and management, and hoping to avoid a potentially messy succession -- was a weak one. They now
              had to worry about Kelly's loyalty. And the relationship between the CEO and his board would turn increasingly suspicious and adversarial.
            

              Two days after Kelly returned, he had dinner with three directors: von Schack; John Luke, CEO of MeadWestvaco (MWV, Fortune 500), who chairs the governance committee; and Catherine Rein, a former top executive at MetLife (MET, Fortune 500) and a 30-year veteran of the board. They expressed their alarm at
              his flirtation with BofA. The directors told Kelly he would have to spend time "mending fences" with them -- and were alarmed when Kelly seemed surprised. They also informed Kelly that
              if he were to leave, Hassell would replace him as CEO. Hassell, they told Kelly, had just the skills they prized: He knew the complex custody business intimately and spent every waking
              hour working to please customers. Kelly would need to work extremely closely with Hassell.
            

              But the warnings didn't chasten Kelly, who bridled more than ever under the board's authority. In June 2010 the three-year freeze on committee chairmanships expired. Kelly recommended
              to von Shack and Luke that the board change the chairs of two committees -- Rein, who heads the audit committee, and Nicholas Donofrio, a former IBM (IBM, Fortune 500) executive who leads the risk committee. After a brief discussion the
              board rejected the suggestion on the grounds that the two chairpersons had recently received excellent evaluations from their committee members. Von Schack reminded Kelly that it was
              the job of the independent directors, excluding the management members, to choose committee chairs. The incident didn't win Kelly any goodwill in the boardroom.
            

              The directors began to fret that BNY Mellon was losing talent. Around the time of the tiff over board chairs, two potential future CEO candidates left. Ronald O'Hanley, the
              asset-management chief, departed for Fidelity. And the head of wealth management, David Lamere, left without taking a new job. Kelly took a "no big deal" attitude in explaining their
              exits to the board. But to the directors, it was a very big deal. The board had been pressing Kelly to improve management's bench strength. Suddenly two possible future CEO candidates
              were gone.
            

              In replacing O'Hanley, Kelly managed to anger one of his biggest customers. The CEO announced in August 2010 that he had recruited Curtis Arledge from BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager. Kelly lured
              Arledge with an over-the-top compensation package that could pay him more than $30 million in less than two years, as well as promises to groom him as a successor. In the late 1980s,
              Arledge had been an early BlackRock employee, but he had left and later overlapped with Kelly at Wachovia. He'd been hired back at BlackRock in 2008 and just eight months earlier had
              been promoted to a new role handling the firm's big fixed-income clients.
            

              BlackRock's CEO, Larry Fink, and its president, Robert Kapito, were furious. They hated changing the cast that served their customers. Most of all, they were incensed that Kelly had the
              audacity to raid a big client without so much as a courtesy call. After hearing that Fink and Kapito were upset, Kelly took Hassell and went to see them at BlackRock's offices on East
              52nd Street. But when Fink vented his frustration, Kelly took a cavalier "it's just business" approach that did nothing to soothe Fink's ire.
            

              That kind of imperious behavior repeatedly caused Kelly to clash with his board too. For example, Kelly was appalled by the condition of BNY's headquarters, in a 1932 art deco building
              on the corner of Wall Street and Broadway. He explored different options, from a sweeping renovation to the construction of a new building -- developments the board first learned about
              from a news article in May 2010. Kelly talked incessantly about his desire to move to an expensive, ultramodern headquarters, annoying the board to no end. Finally, this past summer von
              Schack informed Kelly that the board didn't feel it was a good time to spend a lot of money on relocating.
            

              In December 2010 the compensation committee collected its annual written appraisals from the 12 independent directors. Many of the reviews were extremely critical. So in February of
              this year the board assigned five directors to meet with Kelly and discuss the poor evaluations. The board believed it was sending him a major warning signal.
            

              According to people who've spoken with Kelly since his dismissal, however, he didn't think the meeting was a warning. Rather, he viewed it merely as his annual review, and a good one at
              that. Indeed, the board gave him a $5.6 million bonus for 2010, including 100% of his target based on his individual performance.
            

              Since late 2009 the directors had been pushing Kelly to hold a big management meeting to fully present his strategic plan for how BNY would grow. At first Kelly resisted, arguing that
              he needed to focus on addressing regulatory issues and shoring up the balance sheet. But even before the review in February, the directors began to increase the pressure. The board
              wanted to know how Kelly planned to control the rising expenses that were eating into profits. They viewed the strategy session as a crucial test.
            

              Finally, Kelly scheduled the conclave for June 2011 at the Doral Arrowwood resort in Rye Brook, N.Y. But it was Hassell, as well as other lieutenants, who handled the big presentations
              and who showed the surest mastery of how to raise BNY's lagging profitability. For the board, the meeting was further evidence that their backup candidate was really their man. Kelly
              took a passive role.
            

The end of the union


              If the Kelly saga has a tipping point, it came on the evening of the presentations at the Arrowwood. The board was already worried that Kelly had become a divisive figure. After dinner
              several top executives quietly approached directors and complained about Kelly's leadership, charging that he played favorites. Hassell was not among the grousers. "He wouldn't complain
              if his fingers were being cut off," remarks an insider who knows him well. But the board was alarmed. In the days that followed, von Schack initiated confidential meetings with several
              more managers and heard much the same story. It became clear that there were problems brewing.
            

              One example was the way Kelly treated the general counsel, Jane
              Sherburne, a high-profile hire who joined BNY in May 2010. Sherburne had served as GC at Wachovia and remains highly respected in Washington from her days as a former White House
              special counsel in the Clinton administration. In addition to her role as general counsel, the board insisted that Sherburne take on the position of chief of government affairs -- which
              meant infringing on a role that Kelly had enjoyed filling.
            

              More than once Kelly openly denigrated Sherburne, to the distaste of the board. While discussing one issue, he remarked to directors that "Jane should have caught that." Another time he
              remarked witheringly that "Jane has to make changes to get used to our culture." The board, though, felt Sherburne missed nothing and considered Kelly's criticisms vindictive.
            

              The final blow came in early August of this year when Kelly presented to the board a plan to lay off 1,500 employees -- just one day before he made it public. The move was a shock to
              the directors. They saw it as an unplanned, reflexive reaction to criticism from Wall Street. It hadn't been discussed at all at the strategy session. The board felt that the CEO was
              forcing its hand.
            

              On Aug. 30, von Schack and Samuel Scott, head of the human resources committee and the retired CEO of Corn Products (CPO), went to Kelly's office. They told Kelly that the board wanted him to leave. Kelly's
              reaction was total amazement. When he asked why, the directors simply said that the board had lost confidence in him to the point where he had to resign or be fired. Gerald Hassell was being promoted to CEO. They declined to give further
              explanation.
            

              In retrospect, the union of Bob Kelly and Bank of New York Mellon was a classic case of miscasting. The board ultimately didn't want a visionary in charge so much as an operations
              mastermind. "There was a mismatch between Bob and the process-oriented culture" of BNY, says one of his friends. By pursuing the BofA job, Kelly made it clear that his heart wasn't with
              Bank of New York Mellon. It was only a matter of time before the relationship dissolved.
            

              Kelly's friends say he has no desire to retire, even after pocketing his full severance and retirement benefits worth $34 million. He is regrouping and hopes soon to be back where he
              feels he belongs -- running a large financial company. To improve his odds of success, he should choose his next board carefully.
            

This article is from the December 12, 2011 issue of Fortune. 



              First Published: November 21, 2011: 6:38 AM ET
            












            Related Articles
          
2011 Businessperson of the YearFinally, finance bonuses return to earthTime to buy U.S. banks?















Kelly Robert P in Houston, Texas with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeHouston, TXKelly Robert PHouston, TX Kelly Robert PAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection1. Roberts Law Group P700 Louisiana St Ste 3950Houston, TX 77002(713) 572-3600AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection2. Wright, Robert P910 Louisiana StHouston, TX 77002(713) 229-1237AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection3. Mc Connell Robert P2727 Allen Pkwy Ste 600Houston, TX 77019(713) 759-0696Sexual Harassment AttorneysAttorneysWebsiteServicesAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection4. Vining, Robert P1717 Saint James PlHouston, TX 77056(713) 627-7100AttorneysWebsiteAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection5. Robert W Strozier P5611 Hazen StHouston, TX 77081(346) 980-8863AttorneysParalegalsBusinesses in related categories to AttorneysAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection6. Michael Von Blon & Associates1231 Antoine DrHouston, TX 77055(713) 681-5288AttorneysDivorce AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED7. Leonard M RothBBB Rating: A+4615 Southwest Fwy Ste 500Houston, TX 77027(713) 626-3360Family Law AttorneysDivorce AssistanceWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoFrom Business: Family law is an inherently painful and emotional area of law. Anyone who has gone through a property division or child custody dispute during divorce can attest to the difficult, frustrating and confusing nature of the process. While I can help make the process less painful, I cannot remove all of the pain or confusion. H…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED8. Law Office of Myron G. Davis(37)BBB Rating: A+7322 Southwest Fwy Ste 555Houston, TX 77074(832) 919-8738AttorneysWebsiteView TestimonialsYP AdDirectionsMore InfoI am a legal resident allowed to work in the U.S.  I was facing deportation for an expired dealer license plate.  Counselor Davis informed me that it was a fraud charge that could possibly lead to my deportation.  he fought for me and got the D. A.  to drop the charges, allowing me to finish my …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED9. Hinton & Bailey LLP5300 Memorial DrHouston, TX 77007(713) 864-4477AttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Established in 1978, Hinton Bailey Bond is a law firm that represents individuals, corporations and government entities in criminal defense litigations. Located in Houston, it handles cases related to fraud, money laundering, homicide, corruption, patient abuse, and environmental and antitrust offenses. The firm s lawyers …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection10. The Galaviz Law Firm PLLC9950 Westpark DrHouston, TX 77063(713) 975-1551AttorneysDUI & DWI AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsFrom Business: At the Galaviz Law Firm, we understand the stress and difficulty involved in legal procedures. We represent the working people, the disadvantage and the underdogs. We will work relentlessly to achieve the best result possible for you! Call us today!Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED11. Godzina Law Firm965 Pinemont Dr Suite 1000Houston, TX 77018(713) 322-8418Immigration Law AttorneysAttorneysDirectionsMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED12. The Rudisel Law Firm, P.C. - Divorce & Family Law Attorney1415 North Loop West, Suite 910,Houston, TX 77008(832) 463-5478AttorneysDivorce AssistanceWebsiteSchedule a ConsultationDirectionsVideoMore InfoFrom Business: Here at the Rudisel Law Firm, P.C. we are dedicated family law attorneys who take pride in what we do and make your legal issues our top priority. Our firm is unique in that we are a husband and wife teamworking together to solve the all your legal issues No case is too small or too complex. Our husband & wife team have a …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection13. Law Offices of Arthur J. White III1700 Post Oak BlvdHouston, TX 77056(832) 620-6406AttorneysCriminal Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsFrom Business: Since our inception, the Law Office of Arthur J. White III, P.C. has represented both individual and corporate clients to safeguard liberty and property, enforce legal rights, and assist clients with general legal issues. Applying rigorous energy, experience, and resourcefulness to every project we accept, our members are …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED14. Crim Law Firm PC The4900 Travis StHouston, TX 77002(832) 919-8978AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsServicesMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED15. Maida Law FirmBBB Rating: A+4320 Calder AveBeaumont, TX 77706(409) 898-8200AttorneysWebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsVideoMore InfoAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection16. Smith Don Attorney4721 Garth RdBaytown, TX 77521(281) 427-0448AttorneysDUI & DWI AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Welcome to Don Smith & Associates, Attorneys At Law, based in Baytown and providing legal expertise to clients in Harris, Chambers, Liberty and surrounding counties. For more than 35 years, our practice has successfully handled thousands of cases on behalf of citizens from Baytown and surrounding communities. We believe th…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection17. Geoff R. Casavant, P.C9614 Kerrwood LnHouston, TX 77080(877) 268-8432AttorneysProbate Law AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Geoff R. Casavant P.C is an estate planning attorney, probate lawyer, living will lawyer, trust lawyer, and more taking on cases in the Houston, TX area. Geoff R. Casavant is an attorney with 18 years of experience working with clients in their estate planning matters and offers an incredibly affordable service. Give him a…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection18. R. B. Bormaster & Associates PC2425 Fountain View DrHouston, TX 77057(877) 509-1747Accident & Property Damage AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: Have you or a loved one been injured in an accident? Call now for a free injury case review. There are no fees unless we win your case.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection19. The Welscher Law Firm1111 North Loop W Ste 702Houston, TX 77008(877) 325-0423AttorneysReal Estate AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFrom Business: In Houston, TX look no further for a business lawyer or real estate lawyer than The Welscher Law Firm. Call today to secure your business attorney. The Welscher Law Firm was set up to assist businesses by providing them with solutions and answers to their various business legal problems. The firm is dedicated to providing …Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection20. AAA Tax Relief(4)Serving the Houston Area.(877) 218-3169AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore Infothey are the real deal.  smart and freindly .  they answer the phone with real people unlike lawyers.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection21. Injury HelpLine®Serving the Houston Area.(888) 278-0637AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Categories: Personal Injury, Auto Accident Attorney and other Vehicle Accident General Info Get connected to a local attorney for free. If you have been injured i…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection22. eLocal LawyersServing the Houston Area.(877) 328-5659AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Have you or a loved one been injured in an accident? Call now for a free injury case review. There are no fees unless we win your case.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection23. The Tax Resolvers©Serving the Houston Area.(866) 779-3904AttorneysTax AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: The Tax Resolvers © solves tax problems!We specialize in working directly with the IRS to resolve back taxes and the problems associated. We can negotiate tax lie…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection24. Personal Injury PlaceServing the Houston Area.(866) 388-6848AttorneysPersonal Injury Law AttorneysWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Free personal injury case evaluation + Free case review by a local attorney+ Find out if you can get compensation for your injury+ 100% confidential and no obliga…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collection25. National Tax DebtServing the Houston Area.(866) 404-1618Taxes-Consultants & RepresentativesWebsiteMore InfoFrom Business: Helping you settle your back taxes with the IRS.Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED26. DeGuerin Dickson & Ward(2)1018 Preston StHouston, TX 77002(713) 714-5088AttorneysFamily Law AttorneysWebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoMr. DeGuerin has long been known as a tough, highly prepared and shrewed litigator. Some have thought of him as being unreachable. I found out he is a very kind and caring guy, who always is on top of his game. Though his name preceeds him, He is the one I want in my corner when life's tragedies…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED27. Moore H Clay Law Offices(1)BBB Rating: A+1601 Westheimer Rd Ste 230Houston, TX 77006(713) 523-0123AttorneysWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoVisit our websiteclaymoorelaw.netI can tell you that Mr. Moore won a case for me that I though was impossible. He is one of the very few attorneys that actually charges you for his real time and at a fair price. His choice to have a small office in an affordable location saves all of his clients the huge overhead that larger fi…Add to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your services collection!Error when adding to services collectionThis business was removed from the services collectionPREFERRED28. Bartos John R1235 West Loop NHouston, TX 77055(713) 714-2097AttorneysWebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsVideoMore InfoFrom Business: * Saturday & Sunday By Appointment OnlySponsored LinksRelated Articlesfor Kelly Robert Pmore related articles »When to Call a Lawyer vs. a Mediator »As in a court case, the process of mediation provides a method of conflict resolution. However, it is much more informal and does …What Type of Injuries Can a Personal Injury Lawyer Help with »A personal injury lawyer can help defendants in a variety of situations, from car accidents to defamation. Learn what personal inj…How to Work with Divorce Lawyers & Avoid Financial Mistakes »Divorce lawyers help couples agree to the terms of their separation, but can also be very expensive. Learn how to choose the right…Map ViewSponsoredCrim Law Firm PC The4900 Travis St, Houston, TX 77002(832) 919-8978WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFabio & Merrill Attys at Law(1)12 Greenway Plz, Houston, TX 77046(832) 460-2237Call Today For The Highest Quality Legal Service!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTom M. Henderson, P.C.4615 Southwest Fwy, Houston, TX 77027(713) 268-9224Free Consultation - Phones Answered 24-HoursWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHinton & Bailey LLP5300 Memorial Dr, Houston, TX 77007(713) 864-4477WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMacias Law Firm5535 Memorial Dr, Houston, TX 77007(832) 763-8175AFFORDABLE & AGGRESSIVE CRIMINAL & DWI DEFENSEWebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoMichael Fosher P440 Louisiana St Ste 1200, Houston, TX 77002(832) 460-2301Call Today For Fast Representation-Over 30Yrs ExpWebsiteServices OfferedYP AdDirectionsVideoMore InfoThe Rudisel Law Firm, P.C. - Divorce & Family Law Attorney1415 North Loop West, Suite 910,, Houston, TX 77008(832) 463-5478Houston's Top Lawyer Award | 2012 & 2013WebsiteSchedule a ConsultationDirectionsVideoMore InfoMoriarty Law Firm404 Heights Blvd, Houston, TX 77007(713) 651-9600WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDeGuerin Dickson & Ward(2)1018 Preston St, Houston, TX 77002(713) 714-5088CRIMINAL LAW ATTORNEYWebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsVideoMore InfoZuniga Law Offices6200 Savoy Dr Ste 354, Houston, TX 77036(713) 322-9831WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLincoln Law Firm Pllc The12777 Jones Rd Ste 475, Houston, TX 77070(281) 895-1850WebsiteVirtual TourDirectionsMore InfoLaw Office of Myron G. Davis(37)7322 Southwest Fwy Ste 555, Houston, TX 77074(832) 919-8738Affordable Houston Attorney & Top RepresentationWebsiteView TestimonialsYP AdDirectionsMore InfoCrocker Charles A1770 Saint James Pl, Houston, TX 77056(713) 524-2181Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoTerry & Thweatt, P.C. Attorneys At Law(43)1 Greenway Plz, Houston, TX 77046(713) 481-7984Galveston 409-945-2000 or Toll Free 866-870-0008WebsiteDirectionsVideoMore InfoLaw Office of Laura Franco The(2)11231 Richmond Ave, Houston, TX 77082(281) 920-9777WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHoussiere Durant & Houssiere LLP1990 Post Oak Blvd, Houston, TX 77056(713) 626-3700WebsiteCouponsSchedule a ConsultationDirectionsMore InfoHennessy Law Firm The1018 Preston St, Houston, TX 77002(713) 224-5066Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaw Office Leo carrasco7141 Office City Dr, Houston, TX 77087(713) 649-5858Contact Us For InformationDirectionsMore InfoMoore H Clay Law Offices(1)1601 Westheimer Rd Ste 230, Houston, TX 77006(713) 523-0123WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDeGuerin Dickson & Ward(2)1018 Preston St, Houston, TX 77002(713) 714-5088WebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoLanier Law Firm P C6810 Fm 1960 Rd W, Houston, TX 77069(832) 460-2253WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoMoore & Associates440 Louisiana St, Houston, TX 77002(713) 234-1997Protect Your Rights-Se Habla Espanol-Call Us TodayWebsiteServices OfferedYP AdDirectionsMore InfoRunge Barbara K Attorney at Law5615 Kirby Dr, Houston, TX 77005(713) 523-5363Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoBartos John R1235 West Loop N, Houston, TX 77055(713) 714-2097Call Today for Competent RepresentationWebsiteSee Our ServicesDirectionsVideoMore InfoChristine K Jonte' & Associates222 Pennbright Dr, Houston, TX 77090(281) 875-1996WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoHill Law Firm4615 Southwest Fwy Ste 600, Houston, TX 77027(832) 460-2212WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFabio & Merrill Attys at Law(1)12 Greenway Plz, Houston, TX 77046(832) 460-2237Call Today For The Highest Quality Legal Service!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoLaw Offices Of Steve Lee5823 Gulf Fwy, Houston, TX 77023(713) 999-4216SERVING THE HOUSTON AREA FOR 40 YEARSWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoEmpowered Tax Relief7500 San Felipe St, Houston, TX 77063(877) 219-2619WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGregg & Gregg PC16055 Space Center Blvd, Houston, TX 77062(281) 480-1211Contact Us For InformationWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glassHelpful Reviews Law office of John P Keirnanepicnerdfail ratedCasey is a great attorney, and...Casey is a great attorney, and even broke down the legal jargan and explained to me what everything meant in regards to my misdemeanor charge.  It was very comforting since I'd never been in trouble before.  Well, it was until the one time my father, also an attorney, but of a different sort, was not able to go to my court date with me.  Mr. Keirnan didn't even bother to tell me that he wasn't going to show up at the beginning like I had to, even though he had always been there from the start of court before.  I sat in the court room for 2 HOURS wondering where my attorney was, and why I couldn't get an answer from him or his office as to what was going on.  Finally, my father, who was on vacation, decided to call Casey, and immediately got the answer.  He had other court appearances to make as well, and attended those first apparently since my dad wasn't around.  By the time Casey made it to the court room, 2.5 hours after the session began, the judge had gone home sick for the day.  Since my court date kept getting reset, I had to go a couple more times before it was settled.  In that time, I tried to call Mr. Keirnan in regards to my case with a question, but he could never be bothered to return MY calls, only my father's.  I guess even though I was his client, he was simply too good to talk to ME.  He chose to go through my father, and only took time to make sure I understood what was happening when my father was around.  It was all for show.  Yes, he did his job, and I have no complaints as to the results.  I just don't like the fact that I paid that much money to a man who couldn't even call me back about my case.  Now that I am getting my record sealed, I am going through the same BS with a lady in his office who handles Non-Disclosures and Expunctures all the time.  I am downright pissed off at this point, and regret ever going to this practice to begin with.  Thanks to this lady, my entire life is on hold still because she has yet to file the papers, THREE WEEKS after cashing the check for PAYMENT IN FULL.  She knows this also, so I she either does not care, or is incapable of finding out when the right time of day is to file the papers.  Not very reassuring for someone who does this kind of thing ALL THE TIME.  Technically, I could have had my record sealed two weeks ago, but she can't even call me back at the times SHE says she will call me.  I have to hunt her down basically.  I could have handled this matter MYSELF and had it all done and over with long ago, in less than the amount of time she requires to manage to get herself to the court when the right person is there.IF YOU HAVE THE NEED FOR A DEFENSE ATTORNEY, YOU'VE ALREADY GOT ENOUGH STRESS TO DEAL WITH.  DON'T ADD TO IT BY HIRING ANYONE IN THIS OFFICE, OR THIS ATTORNEY EITHER.  They obviously care only about the money the make from their job, not the people they represent!Bennett & Bennett, Houston Criminal-Defense LawyersF B. ratedIf there be any doubt in your mind about selecting Mark Bennett to defend you against a legal assault mounted by the federal, state or local judicial systems against your life, liberty or happiness---cast them aside. If you are reading this, you are very likely under such assault. Just know there is only one goal to this assault, and that is to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law, regardless of guilt or innocence or extenuating circumstance.  It is their job. And they like it. And the only thing standing between you and a conviction is your defense attorney, upon whom your fate will utterly depend, so you had better make the right choice. I can personally attest that they don’t come any better than Mark Bennett. Period. He is the best of the best. A lawyer’s lawyer, with compassion, integrity, and a deeply intuitive situational intelligence that enables him to create highly effective strategies and tactics to win your case; he can think within the box, outside the box, and even upend the box if necessary---whatever the situation requires. Not only does he keep up with the very latest developments in federal, state, and local legal standards, practices and laws, his cutting edge commentaries and articles on a wide variety of evolving legal issues help to shape and inform the attitudes and opinions of innumerable practicing lawyers and judges, both locally and nationally. On at least one occasion while in court, he actually had to educate the judge and prosecutor of a change in the law, which as a matter of course led to yet another dismissal. This is a defense attorney that you want at your side.Terry & Thweatt, P.C. Attorneys At Lawkirkbr ratedTerry & Thweatt is a God sent firm.  I suffered severe burns to my stomach when I was eating at a fast food restaurant.  I looked up injury attorneys located in the Texas City area and came across Terry & Thweatt, so I called them but was politely informed by Irene, one of the assistants, that their office is located in Houston.  Irene continued to get information regarding my injuries and then transferred my call to one of the attorneys, Joseph Terry.    I was able to get an appointment that same day.     Terry explained the process that we would be involved in and let me know that it can be a long process.  Attorney Joseph Terry was patient and answered all my questions + all my girlfriend’s questions and concerns.  I decided to give them a try and man am I glad that I did.  This firm is by far the most professional and friendly business that I have had to deal with.  Not only are they friendly over the phone but in person too.  I know that I am not the easiest person to deal with but Irene was persistent, friendly and professional throughout the whole case unlike other places that are only friendly the first time that you come in to sign the contract.  I am very happy with the outcome of my case and the services that Terry & Thweatt provided me with.  I highly recommend Terry & Thweatt, especially Joseph Terry to anyone that needs a lawyer for injuries that they suffer because he is so knowledgeable and efficient.  THANK YOU Joseph Terry and Irene!Cogdell, DanSecret N. ratedMr. Akers and the Cogdell Law Firm represented me when I was charged with felony theft. I was accused of stealing a bag which contained items belonging to off-duty police officers. A felony conviction of this nature would have prevented me from practicing my chosen career. Due to the gravity of the charges against me, I knew that I needed immediate, proven and effective representation. Mr. Akers began gathering information about my case as soon as we ended our telephone conversation and was up to speed for our first meeting. He laid out the best case scenario as well as worst case scenario and his recommended plan to resolve the charges against me. Cordt and his firm kept me appraised to every step that occurred with my case. They were able to reschedule hearings for me when I was absolutely unable to travel to Harris County for them. Cordt was available to me whenever I needed to get into contact with him. When the prosecution would not budge, Cordt had informed me that he had already been preparing for trial, in case that was the route I chose to take. Ultimately Cordt was able to get the charges against me dismissed, for which I am truly grateful. Requiring a criminal defense attorney means you are already in a stressful and worrying situation. I recommend Cordt Akers to lift some weight off of your shoulders and to guide you through the legal system, returning a favorable outcome.  H. Brad Parker P. C.N R. ratedI hired Mr. H. Brad Parker seven years ago for bankruptcy and he and his office took the time to understand the specifics of my case.  The law office of H Brad Parker helped me save my home from foreclosure and fought the creditors that tried to bring additional financial ruin to me.  My case was not an easy one and not once did Mr. Parker shun away from the obstacles.  He was always ready to fight my case and find a way bring justice.  In fact, when my case was discharged some creditors surfaced and tried to falsely collect on a debt.  Once again, Mr. Parker was immediately on the case and working toward a favorable result for me.Mr. Parker went the extra mile for my case.  He is sincere in his approach and truly cared about the impact of a negative judgment in my case.  He seeks justice and is concerned about my future as it relates to my case.  My only regret is that I did not find Mr. Parker years earlier when I needed a family lawyer.  For any person seeking an honest, sincere, expert lawyer look no further.  Mr. Parker’s approach may be different than other lawyers but it is a breath of fresh air.  You are not a number when a client at H Brad Parker offices but part of your case legal team.My experience has been so wonderful with the offices of H Brad Parker that I would not consider hiring any other lawyer in the Houston area for my legal needs.Terry & Thweatt, P.C. Attorneys At Lawrjd757 ratedI just want to thank the staff...I just want to thank the staff and attorneys at the Law Firm of Terry & Thweatt, P.C. My wife and I were involved in a personal injury case that required the assistance of legal professional s. We retained the services of Terry & Thweatt via a professional reference. We were very pleased with the professionalism and expertise demonstrated by this law firm. We were represented by Counsel Joseph Terry. The legal assistance provided by Mr. Terry was instrumental in obtaining results that far exceeded our expectations. The demeanor and attitude of Mr. Terry and his staff demonstrates that this law firm does what many other law firms repeatedly fail to do: Put the client’s interest first! Granted; our case did require a little patience. But what matters in the end are the results. Overall, the experience that we had with this law firm was a positive and pleasant one. It’s difficult to find attorney’s that are honest, straightforward and most importantly; client service driven. The law firm of Terry & Thweat clearly reflects a client service driven culture. Therefore, I highly recommend this law firm for such legal matters. Thank you again and keep up the great work!RS, Houston TXNossa Law Office P.C.Dn F. ratedResidency My wife stayed in the US on an expired visa when I met her (2011). We met fell in love and got married 3 years later (April 2014) and to make things easier and to have someone representing us we hired Mr. Nossa. He took care of everything for us. He is very knowledgable about immigration laws. We initially were going to hire another lawyer but he was asking for $1200 for some waiver that according to Mr. Nossa was not necessary. The initial lawyer was hesitant about my wife's status and about the waiver that was "needed", he just seemed unsure. Of course, we didn't want to give him extra money that was not going to help. We met Pablo and he was so certain about of case. He knew exactly what was needed and made us feel so confident. We trusted him since day one. He told us we had a good shot at this, he send our paperwork July 16, 2014 and was approved October 14, 2014. My wife received her Resident card October 22. The whole process took 3 months. The exact time Mr. Nossa told us on day 1. What else can we say about him. He is an outstanding lawyer. Don't hesitate any longer, hire him. Anne E. Kennedy, Attorney At LawAmber V. ratedI hired Anne back in 2011, when I needed an attorney that didn't play games, like the one that i fired before her. Anne definitely does not play games. She has been very straight forward through every process we been theough. Her staff are great as well, and remeber you by name when you call. She has known my case inside out, every time I have needed her. I love that she is very blunt, even in the court room. Back in 2011, she went to question my ex about contradicting order he file pro se at a prior court hearing. He was only wanting to pay $50 for 2 children. She questioned him about his lifestyle and asked if he was a made-man! The judge found him intensionally underemployed. Recently we went to mediation, I walked out with WAY more than a judge would grant in trial and didn't budge on some issues that needed addressed. Thanks to Ms Kennedy and her knowledge of my case and how the family court system works! She didn't play games then either when the opposing parties were trying to.Law Office of Kunal PatelMike B. ratedInitially I went to a CPA that I thought was the best in the business based on his numerous online reviews. I went in and the CPA sold me on his BS of having "secret solutions" that no one else had to "fight the IRS". He put the fear of God in me about the IRS and I ended up paying him several thousand $$ to represent me for an audit. The CPA didn't send the IRS my documents in time and the auditor prepared a report disallowing my business expenses. I was shocked when I got a bill for $30,000 from the IRS in the mail! I came across Mr. Patel's website and gave him a call to set up an appointment. I liked that he had prior experience working at the IRS. He filed an audit reconsideration for me and resolved the issues that the CPA screwed up. I ended up with a bill for a little over $1,000 for some expenses that were disallowed (my fault). Mr. Patel was also able have my penalties abated from the audit. I'm in the process of filing a complaint against the CPA to get my $$ back. ThanksS J Whitaker Law OfficeC. S. ratedIn 2012 I worked with her on a car accident case. she was on the ball and made me feel confident in her abilities. we had a fee agreement. she stated she collects 33.3% percent of recovered funds. That's pretty much the standard so I agreed. I got the first check , she took her fee. then I got the final amount a second check...to which she added in the first. and then took another 33% from larger sum. Basically lets say I go $15 and she took her $5. then I get another $15 for a total of $30...instead of taking the remaining 33% from the new money she added it all together and took 33% from 30. so instead of taking the next $5 which was rightfully hers she tried to take $10 ..which when you do the math IS NOT 33% of the total recovery. I told her this is double dipping. you cant take fees from every check I get then add it all back up without accounting for the money you have taken AND then charge me AGAIN. I was deeply saddened and disappointed by this sheisty behavior.Did You Know?Types of AttorneysThe legal profession is vast, with each attorney having his or her specialties. Here are some of the most common attorneys individuals seek out when they require legal aid:Criminal Lawyer
A criminal defense lawyer is probably the attorney the average person imagines. Criminal attorneys are the men and women who defend individuals accused of a crime. The lawyer may work pro bono - for the public good - so the accused is certain to have representation, even if he or she cannot afford an attorney.Criminal lawyers are experts in the criminal justice system. They help their clients decide how to plead when first charged by the police and guide them through trial procedures. Defense lawyers must use every bit of their knowledge and resources to get their clients the fairest results from criminal proceedings.Business Lawyer
If you are a small business owner or the head of a larger corporation, you may come into contact with a business lawyer. Many big companies keep a legal staff on payroll to deal with the daily operations of running and maintaining a large enterprise. Business lawyers may have more specific specialties like copyright law, product liability and mergers and acquisitions.Business attorneys may focus their practices on certain industries. There are entertainment lawyers to guide artists through royalties and media contracts, while hospitals employ malpractice attorneys to protect doctors from aggressive litigation.Employment Lawyer
When you work for a company, you may find yourself in need of an employment lawyer - especially if the relationship between you and your employer sours. An employment attorney prevents people from losing their jobs due to unfair reasons. Workers' compensation lawyers help maintain safe employment conditions and ensure workers receive fair compensation after workplace injury or discrimination.Finance Lawyer
A personal finance attorney can protect and manage your investments and securities. You may use a finance lawyer to help you prepare your taxes, but you might be better off working with an accountant. A tax attorney is more commonly contacted after a business or individual runs into trouble with the IRS or state regulators.Real Estate Lawyer
Your family may keep a lawyer on retainer to guide you through the major expenses that come up in life. When buying a home, you could work with a real estate lawyer to make sure you get the best deal and won't get taken advantage of by tricky mortgage agreements or unfair landlords. An estate attorney can help you plan for the worst by creating a will and preparing your finances for after your death.Bankruptcy Lawyer
A bankruptcy lawyer is essential to help you resolve your financial difficulties when they start to spin out of control. Certain attorneys help create strategies to bring you out of debt and speak to your creditors. A lawyer can advise you on which type of bankruptcy you should file for.Civil Lawyer
If you are suing someone or being sued, you need a civil lawyer. Civil attorneys - and criminal lawyers - are the legal representatives who argue on your behalf in a courtroom setting. Civil lawyers may represent you on matters of business, finance or a wide variety of other specialized needs.One of the most common types of civil attorneys is a personal injury lawyer. When you're hurt by an outside party and you would like to hold them legally responsible, a personal injury attorney conducts litigation and negotiates settlements to compensate for your pain and suffering. Sometimes many wronged people will join together with a single civil lawyer or law office to form a class action lawsuit.Family/Divorce Lawyer
Most people will turn to a lawyer during a divorce to navigate the emotionally charged legal proceedings. A divorce attorney can assist in determining grounds for separation, division of property and custody of children.Family attorneys deal with much more personal matters. If you're getting married, a family lawyer can help you prepare a prenuptial agreement or other family planning paperwork such as adoption or inheritance documents.Questions One Should Ask a Lawyer Before Hiring ThemTo ensure you find a competent attorney who won't abuse your trust or drain your finances, you have to make the proper inquiries. There are several questions you should ask, but the majority will fall under three general topics:Training and Experience Questions
One of the best ways to determine quality is to examine an attorney's history. When you first step into a lawyer's office, you should check for the appropriate certifications and diplomas. You have to ask how long he or she has practiced law and request information that demonstrates the practice's success. Look for precise details such as percentage of cases settled out of court.Once you inquire about the broad details of their legal career, you should ask questions about their experience that pertains to your specific issue. You should ask how many similar cases they have handled and if they have special skills or training that applies specifically to your needs. Lawyers can't mention clients by name, but you should ask for basic details about identical past cases.Financial Questions
You need to ask about every possible fee that will come up when working with an attorney. You should request a list of all costs in advance so you won't be surprised by additional expenses like overhead. Also determine exactly when you will start being billed. You want to inspect paperwork carefully. If the attorney charges you for his or her experience, you need to make sure he or she will perform tasks personally and not hand it off to an assistant.Find out if the attorney has a flat fee or charges by the hour. Many civil lawyers work on contingency. Whatever the payment plan, make inquiries about how the lawyer plans to provide service for your money and what you can do if you start to feel unsatisfied with his or her performance.Lawyer/Client Relationship Questions
When you hire a lawyer, you're agreeing to work with someone over a certain period of time. You need to ask questions about how the attorney will communicate with you and what responsibilities you hold in the relationship. The attorney should let you know the best channel for quick communication and you need to inform him or her when you want updates.You should also ask questions to get to know the attorney as an individual in order to ensure this is a person you can trust. Ask about their legal philosophy and how he or she views the lawyer/client relationship. Great questions to start off with are ones that will make your life easier, such as how to keep fees down or what daily disruptions you should expect from a long legal battle. The more forthcoming the lawyer appears to be with individual needs, the better.Top Reasons to Hire a LawyerYou may keep a lawyer on retainer or you could turn to an attorney during specific situations. Here are some common reasons people begin seeking legal representation or advice:You Know Your Limitations
If you sign documents and you come across a word you don't recognize, you need assistance. You may need a third party to help you navigate important employment or real estate paperwork. It's essential you fully understand the terms of any legally binding documentation or activity you become a part of. If you are not an expert in a given field, you'll want to hire an attorney who is.A lawyer may find legal implications or opportunities you might miss. If you find yourself in a civil or criminal matter, a proper attorney ensures you don't receive a harsh punishment for a small mistake.You're Facing an Important Event/Decision
When making decisions critical to your financial stability or personal life, you may want a lawyer with expertise in your situation to make sure you do everything you can to arrive at the proper resolution. This is especially true when you become involved in a criminal case and your freedom is on the line.It's not just a matter of legal knowledge; lawyer's have access to numerous resources you do not. They have staff ready to work around the clock and experts in a variety of fields to give your important issues the attention they deserve.You Can't Be Impartial
During times when personal matters intersect with legal proceedings, you may need to have an advocate to prevent your emotions from getting in the way of level-headed thinking. For example, divorce lawyers can mediate a heated argument and help both partners get on with their lives.Emotional investment could be subtle. You may want to have a lawyer look over an investment opportunity that looks too good to be true or investigate the merits of a possible civil suit when you feel wronged.You're Out of Options
Many people turn to lawyers when they are in trouble. If you've been accused of a crime or are in a terrible financial situation, you can find an attorney who will work with what you have available to assist you as you deal with your problems.Personal injury lawyers find solutions for people who can no longer work under their own power and bankruptcy attorneys prevent people from giving in to debt. If you find yourself in a situation where you can't find a solution, a lawyer may be able to offer the counsel you need.How to Choose a LawyerWhen it comes time to choose a lawyer, you should start by searching close to home. While you probably don't want the conflict of interest that comes from being represented by a family member, friends and loved ones can recommend lawyers who served them well in the past. If you do have attorneys you are familiar with, ask who they believe would be best for you.After going through personal references - especially from individuals who had similar needs - you should broaden your search through public information resources. You can call your area's attorney referral service or check legal organizations like Martindale-Hubbell. There are other resources available online. You should check websites for client reviews and other third-party forms of approval.When you build a list of possible candidates, perform a background check on each one. See if you can find information on their history and success record. Once you find a possible lawyer, you should call to arrange a consultation so you can ask your important questions in person.By performing the necessary research and taking every available precaution, you can narrow your search to the attorney most suited to your needs. 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback


















Kelly Robert P, Erie, PA 16510 | 814-898-2251









 


















List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory





Ex: Accountants, Lawyers, Dentists




Location: City, State, County or Zip Code	










Home
List Your Site
Member Directory
Local Services
US Business Directory
Zip Code Directory









Home > Erie, Pennsylvania > Signs : Kelly Robert P
About Kelly Robert P

Kelly Robert P, 2023 Linwood Ave Erie, PA 16510  (814-898-2251). Whether you are looking for information about Kelly Robert P, searching for a top Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners business near me or within zip code 16510, or just trying to locate a company that offers Signs near Erie PA, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Kelly Robert P.  What is the phone number or fax number of Kelly Robert P? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 2023 Linwood Ave? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Kelly Robert P, but also help you find nearby similar businesses: .


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Kelly Robert P is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Kelly Robert P coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Erie, Pennsylvania Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Erie. 


Is Kelly Robert P your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.

Kelly Robert P, 2023 Linwood Ave Erie, PA 16510  (814-898-2251). Whether you are looking for information about Kelly Robert P, searching for a top Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners business near me or within zip code 16510, or just trying to locate a company that offers Signs near Erie PA, you will find that b2bYellowpages.com will satisfy your search. 

We can help you find a lot of information about Kelly Robert P.  What is the phone number or fax number of Kelly Robert P? What is the company website? How do I get to the address  at 2023 Linwood Ave? Can I see a map location and get driving directions?  We not only show the products, services and industry classification of Kelly Robert P, but also help you find nearby similar businesses: .


What's more, buyers can often obtain the hours and know when Kelly Robert P is open or closed. You can see what type of credit cards or payment methods are accepted. b2bYellowpages.com can also help you find Kelly Robert P coupons, reviews, pictures, brands sold, videos or social media connections. Viewers further appreciate our Erie, Pennsylvania Business Directory. It displays the companies, products and services that are local to Erie. 


Is Kelly Robert P your company? Our yellow pages can help increase your online presence. View our all-inclusive advertising and promotion program.





Kelly Robert P




				
				2023 Linwood Ave
				Erie, PA 16510


Phone: 814-898-2251







		Category: Signs, Displays, Flags & BannersSub Category: Signs (1 of 23 in Erie, PA)It is located in Erie County.
		


Nearby Signs Results

Desantis Signs
Graphic Design, Advertising Specialties, Graphic Services, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Graphic Designers, Signs, Automobile - Repairs & Services, Truck Painting & Lettering, Advertising, Promotional Products
										




											540 W 18th St Erie, PA 16502 (3.32 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-452-6028



Lamar Outdoor Advertising
Advertising Specialties, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Signs, Advertising Outdoor, Advertising
										




											1565 W 12th St Erie, PA 16501 (4.63 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-454-6435



Signs Now
Graphic Design, Banners, Advertising Specialties, Graphic Services, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Graphic Designers, Signs, Flags Banners & Flagpoles, Advertising
										




											2232 W 23rd St Erie, PA 16506 (5.48 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-453-6564



Cicogna Electric & Signs
Graphic Design, Advertising Specialties, Graphic Services, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Graphic Designers, Signs, Signs Electronic, Advertising
										




											2545 W 12th St Erie, PA 16505 (5.87 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-833-7888



Signs by Kim
Graphic Design, Advertising Specialties, Graphic Services, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Graphic Designers, Signs, Advertising
										




											3340 W 10th St Erie, PA 16505 (7.05 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-833-5278



Erie Sign Corp
Cranes & Crane Services, Advertising Specialties, Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners, Commercial & Industrial Vehicles & Machinery, Signs, Signs Maintenance & Repair, Crane Services, Advertising
										




											8330 Oliver Rd Erie, PA 16509 (7.17 miles from Erie, PA 16510)814-866-0001




People Also Searched For Signs in Zip Code 16510 Signs in Erie County, PA Signs in Altoona, PA 16601 (View all 23 companies) Signs, Displays, Flags & Banners in Erie, PA Channel Letter Signs in Erie, PA Pole Signs in Erie, PA Rock Signs in Erie, PA Window Sign in Erie, PA




Get Directions to Kelly Robert P





















List Your Site
Login
About Us
Help & FAQ's
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map



© 1999-2014 b2bYellowpages.com® - All rights reserved.
		b2bYellowpages.com logo and all related marks are trademarks of b2bBiz.com, Inc. All other marks are the property of their respective owners
	





































































Law Office of Robert p Kelly - Hollywood, FL - Attorneys







 




























 




Hollywood, FL



Attorneys



 
 










Sign in




















Attorneys

Law Office of Robert P Kelly 





2514 Hollywood Blvd Ste 307

Hollywood,
                    FL
33020

                    -
                    Broward County














                    (954) 454-5555

                  








Select




Send

Print





























Details



About:
Law Office of Robert P Kelly in Hollywood, FL - Broward County is a business listed in the categories Attorneys, Offices of Lawyers and Legal Services and offers Real Estate, Commercial Services and Contracts. If you did business with Law Office of Robert P Kelly, please leave a review and help us improve and help other people. Also, don't forget to mention Hubbiz.
          
        


Categories:

            Attorneys, 
            Offices of Lawyers, 
            Legal Services
    



Products:Real Estate

Services:Commercial Services, Contracts


Website:

www.rpkelly-lawoffice.com



Share




Tweet










Additional Phones:


              (954) 342-8160 (Other)
            


























Useful content








Discover Valuable Information
            We organize and make available for you to find over 30 million pieces of content shared by over 10 million local businesses and professionals.
            
            Find advice, how-tos, news, deals, videos and much more.
          




 Find More Content











Generating recommendations...







    Reviews for Law Office of Robert P Kelly
  


 Leave a 





 









Write a compliment here...






signin
250 250
Send









0 Be the first to write a review
      






 



Explore more like Law Office of Robert P Kelly


Hollywood, FL



Attorneys














Attorneys






Law Office of Robert P Kelly

Attorneys

2514 Hollywood Blvd Ste 307
Hollywood, FL









Adam Scher Law Group

Attorneys

1720 Harrison St Ste 7a
Hollywood, FL









Mark a Roseman Atty

Other Attorneys

3325 Hollywood Blvd Ste 308
Hollywood, FL









The Law Firm of Cohen & Cohen PA - Cohen & Cohen PA

Personal Injury Attorneys

4000 Hollywood Blvd Ste 705
Hollywood, FL









Law Offices of Abramowitz Pomerantz & Coffey PA

Attorneys

1021 Ives Dairy Rd Ste 111
Miami, FL









BUTTER STEPHEN H  ATTY

Attorneys

HOLLYWOOD, FL








Free QR Code



Download
— or embed —

Copy code





Business Owner?
Claim this Business
— or —
Add your Business


For your website


      Add the followers counter:





Copy
Customize
























Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    

















 I own or represent this business

 Address is a residence
 Incorrect information
 Business doesn't exist
 I have more information about this business
 Phone is a personal number
 I want to contact Hubbiz









































Hollywood Business Directory. Restaurants, Contractors, Shopping and Savings, Local Services







 




























Hollywood, FL






Business Directory






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B










Explore:

Latest Deals
Restaurants with Online Menu
Restaurants with Online Order
Businesses Recently Added




                Airport Transportation Services
              



                Attorneys
              



                Auto Repair
              



                Automotive
              



                      Auto Maintenance & Repair Services
                    



                      Car Rental & Leasing
                    





                Bars
              



                Beauty
              



                      Barbers
                    



                      Beauty salons
                    



                      Nails salons
                    



                      Tanning
                    





                Beauty & Spa
              



                      Nail Salons
                    



                      Tanning Salons
                    





                Business & Trade Organizations
              



                Car Dealers
              



                Child Care & Day Care Services
              



                Chiropractor
              



                Clothing & Appareal
              



                      Department Store
                    



                      Jewelry
                    





                Computer Repair
              



                Computer Stores
              



                Contractors
              



                      Electrical Contractors
                    



                      Painting Contractors
                    



                      Plumbing Contractors
                    





                Dentists
              



                Events
              



                      Caterers
                    



                      Party Supplies
                    



                      Venues & Event Spaces
                    





                Events & Parties
              



                      Caterers Food Services
                    



                      Halls, Auditoriums & Ballrooms Rental
                    





                Food
              



                      Bagels
                    



                      Bakeries
                    



                      Barbeque
                    



                      Beer, wine & spirits
                    



                      Delicatessen
                    



                      Delis
                    



                      Italian
                    



                      Juice-bars
                    



                      Pizza
                    



                      Restaurant, dinner & burgers
                    



                      Sandwiches
                    



                      Steakhouses
                    



                      Take Out & Delivery
                    





                Fun
              



                      Amusements Parks
                    



                      Bars & Pubs
                    



                      Cinema
                    



                      Comedy Clubs
                    



                      Fitness & Recreation
                    





                Fun Activities
              



                      Amusement Parks
                    



                      Movie Theaters
                    





                Games & Hobbies
              



                Gym & Health Clubs
              



                Health
              



                      Dentist
                    



                      Optometrist
                    





                Hospitals
              



                Liquor & Alcohol Stores
              



                Optometrists
              



                Other
              



                      Books, Magazines, & Newspapers Stores
                    



                      Office Equipment Supplies & Furniture
                    



                      Used Merchandise
                    





                Restaurants by Cousine
              



                      Barbecue
                    



                      Chinese
                    



                      Italina
                    



                      Mexican
                    



                      Steak House
                    





                Restaurants by Type
              



                      Delivery
                    



                      Diner
                    



                      Pizza Restaurant
                    



                      Sandwich Shop
                    





                Services
              



                      Carpet Cleaning
                    



                      Carpet Rug & Upholstery Cleaners
                    



                      Child Care & Day Care
                    



                      Computer Repair & IT
                    



                      Contractors
                    



                      Couriers & Delivery
                    



                      Dry Cleaning & Laundry
                    



                      Electricians
                    



                      House Cleaning
                    



                      Keys & Locksmiths
                    



                      Landscaping
                    



                      Locksmiths
                    



                      Painters
                    



                      Pest Control
                    



                      Pest Control Services
                    



                      Plumbing
                    



                      Self Storage
                    





                Shopping
              



                      Bookstores
                    



                      Computers
                    



                      Department Stores
                    



                      Electronics
                    



                      Florists
                    



                      Jewelry & Watches
                    



                      Office Supplies
                    



                      Sporting Goods
                    



                      Thrift Stores
                    



                      Toy, Games & Hobbies
                    





                Travel
              



                      Airline
                    



                      Airports & Terminal
                    



                      Car Rental
                    



                      Services
                    



                      Travel Agencies
                    






Top Deals






Business in Hollywood, FL
        
 Follow











        Broward Center for the Performing Arts
      

added

  1 day ago






Deal ➤ 
            45% off at Broward Center
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-19T20:00:00+00:00






          Broward Center for the Performing Arts
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        Nails, Wax and Skin Care by Charo
      

added

  2 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            55% off at Nails, Wax, and Skin Care by Charo
          
















          Nails, Wax and Skin Care by Charo
            Dania, FL









 Send
        




















        Lavender Spa and Nails Salon
      

added

  2 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            48% off at Lavender Spa and Nail Salon
          
















          Lavender Spa and Nails Salon
            Hollywood, FL









 Send
        



















 SUNCOAST PICTURES 

posted

  2 days ago






            
            For Your Entertainment
          






FYE is For Your Entertainment!!! T-Shirts, Funko, Vinyl, DVDs, Blu-rays, CDs, HD DVD, 4K, Video Games and SO MUCH MORE!!!
Plus NEW and USED titles. Plus EXCLUSIVE items. You can use your store Backstage Pass for 10% off. Buy for yourself or Great Presents for others!







          SUNCOAST PICTURES
            Cincinnati, OH









 Send
        




















        Cafe Emunah
      

added

  3 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            40% off at Cafe Emunah
          












            Ends in
            2017-10-20T03:59:59+00:00






          Cafe Emunah
            Galt Mile - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        




















        Ramada Hialeah Miami Airport
      

added

  3 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            28% off at Ramada Hialeah/Miami Airport North
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-10T03:59:59+00:00






          Ramada Hialeah Miami Airport
            HIALEAH, FL









 Send
        




















        French Beauty Institute
      

added

  4 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            67% off at French Beauty Center
          
















          French Beauty Institute
            Hallandale, FL









 Send
        




















        VIP Aesthetics
      

added

  4 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            60% off at VIP Aesthetics
          
















          VIP Aesthetics
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        Secret Aventura Hotel
      

added

  5 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            Secret Aventura Hotel
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-09T03:59:59+00:00






          Secret Aventura Hotel
            Ojus, FL









 Send
        




















        Chameleon Global Pick
      

added

  5 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            30% off at Chameleon Global Pick
          
















          Chameleon Global Pick
            Central Beach Alliance - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        




















        Hollywood Beach Tower Sales
      

added

  6 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            51% off at Hollywood Beach Salon
          
















          Hollywood Beach Tower Sales
            Hollywood, FL









 Send
        




















        Kmart
      

added

  7 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            38% off at Kmart
          












            Ends in
            2017-08-01T03:59:59+00:00






          Kmart
            Hollywood, FL









 Send
        




















        Kids Adventure
      

added

  8 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at KIDS ADVENTURE
          












            Ends in
            2017-07-28T23:59:00+00:00






          Kids Adventure
            Hialeah, FL









 Send
        




















        Antonio's Pizza & Italian Restaurant
      

added

  9 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Antonio's Pizza & Italian Restaurant
          












            Ends in
            2017-07-27T23:59:00+00:00






          Antonio's Pizza & Italian Restaurant
            Dania, FL









 Send
        




















        Pretty Eyes Like Mine
      

added

  9 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            51% off at Pretty Eyes Like Mine
          
















          Pretty Eyes Like Mine
            North Golf Estates - Fort Lauderdale









 Send
        




















        Cafe Borinquen
      

added

  9 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            50% off at Cafe Borinquen
          
















          Cafe Borinquen
            Fort Lauderdale, FL









 Send
        




















        Beniley Spa
      

added

  9 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            64% off at Beniley Spa
          
















          Beniley Spa
            Miami, FL









 Send
        




















        Focused Movement Academy
      

added

  10 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            72% off at Focused Movement Academy
          
















          Focused Movement Academy
            Little Haiti - Miami Shores









 Send
        




















        nobe yoga
      

added

  10 days ago






Deal ➤ 
            49% off at nobe yoga
          
















          nobe yoga
            North Bay Village, FL









 Send
        






















added

  10 days ago






            
            Camille floral designs llc
          
















          Camille floral designs llc
            miami gardens, FL









 Send
        


















        Show more
        











 
 


Albuquerque (NM)
Arlington (TX)
Atlanta (GA)
Austin (TX)
Baltimore (MD)
Boston (MA)
Charlotte (NC)
Chicago (IL)
Cleveland (OH)


Colorado Springs (CO)
Columbus (OH)
Dallas (TX)
Denver (CO)
Detroit (MI)
El Paso (TX)
Forth Worth (TX)
Fresno (CA)
Honolulu (HI)


Houston (TX)
Indianapolis (IN)
Jacksonville (FL)
Kansas City (KS)
Las Vegas (NV)
Long Beach (CA)
Los Angeles (CA)
Louisville (KY)
Memphis (TN)


Mesa (AZ)
Miami (FL)
Milwaukee (WI)
Minneapolis (MN)
Nashville (TN)
New Orleans (LA)
New York (NY)
Oakland (CA)
Oklahoma City, OK)


Omaha (NE)
Philadelphia (PA)
Phoenix (AZ)
Portland (OR)
Raleigh (NC)
Sacramento (CA)
San Antonio (TX)
San Diego (CA)
San Francisco (CA)


San Jose, (CA)
Seattle (WA)
Tucson (AZ)
Tulsa (OK)
Virginia Beach (VA)
Washington (DC)




 


Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
Florida (FL)


Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)


Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)


Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)


Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)


Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)





Business listings in Hollywood  

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z

Newly Added












Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter













 I want to contact Hubbiz













































Attorneys in Hollywood, FL - Broward County







 































Hollywood, FL






Attorneys






 
 

0 selected
0 recently viewed



Sign up
Sign in
Add Business









Find




Businesses


Deals


Content


Videos









Businesses


Deals



Content



Videos





Near





 
 Search










Home
Food & Fun
Shopping & Savings
Local Services
Health
Travel
B2B













Filters:



     
    
      Has Website
      181





Specialties:




     
    
      Estate Planning
      21






     
    
      Accidents
      17




Credit Cards Accepted:




     
    
      Visa
      21






     
    
      Mastercard
      20






     
    
      American Exp...
      16




Payment Mode:




     
    
      Credit Card
      25




Free Code:




     
    
      Free Consult...
      43




Language:




     
    
      Spanish
      24





Store Locator:


Categories:
AttorneysLegal ServicesOffices of Lawyers
More 

AttorneysAttorneys Personal Injury & Property Damage LawAttorneys Personal Injury LawEstate and Property Attorneys








          Attorneys
             in  Hollywood, FL - Broward County

Displaying businesses 1 - 30 of 600 in total






Type:

Businesses


Content


Deals


Videos





Filtered
clear





















Zurich American Insurance

Attorneys in HOLLYWOOD, FL

4000 Hollywood Blvd Ste 285

HOLLYWOOD,
                FL
33021



(954) 989-8775


LATEST CONTENT:
See who loves golf most: Watch the interviews







Select



Save
                

Send














Hager and Schwartz

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2450 Hollywood Blvd Ste 105

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 926-0202





LATEST CONTENT:
Florida Lawmakers Target Criminal Use of Digital Currency







Select



Save
                

Send














Khani & Auerbach

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2338 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 921-1517





LATEST CONTENT:
How to Guard Against China's New, Advanced Hackers







Select



Save
                

Send














Madalon PA

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

1119 S 21st Ave

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 923-0064





LATEST CONTENT:
Have You or a Loved One Been the Victim of Medical Malpractice?







Select



Save
                

Send














G Salzman Richard PA

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

4340 Sheridan St

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 981-0336





Select



Save
                

Send














Schaefer Dennis Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2404 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(305) 947-1919





Select



Save
                

Send














Kanter Jay C Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2404 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(561) 394-3200





Select



Save
                

Send














Schaefer Dennis L Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2404 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 522-0440





Select



Save
                

Send














Debrah l Antell Atty

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd Ste 200

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Alison J Schefer Atty

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 961-1400





Select



Save
                

Send














Cohen & Owens PA

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3801 Hollywood Blvd Ste 200

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 923-3801





Select



Save
                

Send














Law Offices of Steven E. Blumenthal P.A.

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

1930 Harrison St Ste 205

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 636-7498





Select



Save
                

Send














Kanter Jay C

Legal Professionals in Hollywood, FL

2404 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 920-7932





Select



Save
                

Send














Dell Steven Jan Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2404 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(305) 947-1919





Select



Save
                

Send














Cover Your Drink! Think Smart - Safety First! Just Cap It Inc.

Attorneys in HOLLYWOOD, FL

6960 Taft St

HOLLYWOOD,
                FL
33024



(954) 964-5700





Select



Save
                

Send














Flaxman Charles Attorney At Law Atty

Malpractice Attorneys in Hollywood, FL
ABOGADOS, ATTORNEYS CHARLES FLAXMAN WORKED FOR THE INSURANCE COMPANIES., AUTOBUSES, CAMIONES, CONSTRUCCION, EL ABOGADO CHARLES FLEXAMAN TRABAJO PARA LAS...

5715 Johnson St

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 987-0099





Select



Save
                

Send














Conroy Simberg Ganon Krevans Abel Lurvey Morrow & Schefer PA

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd Ste 200

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Katherine Letzer Atty

Attorneys in HOLLYWOOD, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

HOLLYWOOD,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Jacqueline M Gregory Atty

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Seth Goldberg Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Michael Greenwald Esq

Estate and Property Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2040 Polk St

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 923-2250





Select



Save
                

Send














Call Us Now!FLAXMAN LAW GROUP

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

5715 Johnson St

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 987-0099





Select



Save
                

Send














Jonathan Abel Atty

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Thomas r Criss Attorney

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3440 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 940-4821





Select



Save
                

Send














Traffic Ticket Team

Auto Driving Schools in Hollywood, FL

4421 Hollywood Blvd

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(305) 685-9388





Select



Save
                

Send














Rosenberg & Rosenberg P.A.

Labor and Employment Relations Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2501 Hollywood Blvd Ste 110

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(305) 628-5111





Select



Save
                

Send














Ft Ldle OfcCohen & Cohen PA Personal Injury Attorneys

Personal Injury Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2525 N State Road 7 Ste 200

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 921-4700





Select



Save
                

Send














SOLOMON JEFFREY

Bankruptcy Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

3864 Sheridan St

Hollywood,
                FL
33021



(954) 967-9800





Select



Save
                

Send














Seff & Capizzi Law Group

Attorneys in Hollywood, FL

2500 Hollywood Blvd Ste 201

Hollywood,
                FL
33020



(954) 920-9220





Select



Save
                

Send














Steven a Mason Attorney

Attorneys in HOLLYWOOD, FL

3363 Sheridan St Ste 201

HOLLYWOOD,
                FL
33021



(954) 963-5900





Select



Save
                

Send
















< 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 … 19 20 >















Copyright © 2011-2017 Hubbiz®
      | Contact
      | Terms of Use
      | Privacy Policy
      | Request API Access
      | Facebook
      | Twitter
        | Some data from Acxiom
    














 I didn't find what I want
 The search is too slow
 The search is difficult to use
 I want to contact Hubbiz


















 kelly robert p | Lawyers in 480 Mamaroneck Ave - Harrison NY - Reviews - Photos - Phone Number                        Are you a business?      Cancel       Search        1-800-561-3357    Claim this profile   Secure your company's official profile identity Claim profile   Scan your business   See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business   Try out BirdEye today   Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free trial         Edit kelly robert p   (Lawyers) Share 480 Mamaroneck Ave, Harrison, NY 10528       Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1               (914) 777-1577   Write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★               Submit  Your review will be shared publicly on the web. Privacy Policy - Terms of Service                        Thanks!Your review is on its way.  Thanks!Would you like to be contacted about this issue Yes No  Thanks!We will contact you as soon as possible!        Be the first to write a review    ★ ★ ★ ★ ★                 Submit                            Thanks! Your review is on its way. We will contact you as soon as possible!     Are you a business owner? See how your businessappears online.  Scan your business         Are you a business owner? claim this profile   or   See BirdEye in action.     See how you appear everywhere online -- across top sites and against competitors Scan business    Take control of your business. Give it a try for free! Free Trial          Contact Edit  480 Mamaroneck Ave, Harrison, NY 10528(914) 777-1577http://www.decaro.comNot Specifiedgoogle-plusLawyersClosed      Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1           About Edit  Kelly Robert P is located at 480 Mamaroneck Ave, Harrison, NY. This business specializes in Legal Services and Law Firms.…more » Kelly Robert P is located at 480 Mamaroneck Ave, Harrison, NY. This business specializes in Legal Services and Law Firms.     Is this your business? You can claim this profile as a part of the BirdEye suite. It will instantly provide you with a fully SEO optimized web presence solution and you will be able to update business information such as hours and categories, respond to reviews, share updates with followers, and so much more.   See a free demo Take BirdEye for a ride and see for yourself, instantly, how your business appears online using the Birdeye intelligence engine.              Business locations 1 location 2-9 locations 10-29 locations 30-199 locations 200+ locations Agency                           Thank you! Our reputation specialist will call you shortly to show you a personalized demo. Can't wait? Call us at 1-800-561-3357 ext. 1            Things you should knowabout BirdEye    BirdEye was founded in 2012 to help businesses manage online reputation and customer experience BirdEye works with 15,000+ clients, from SMBs to large enterprises With BirdEye, you can monitor real-time customer feedback from 250+ sites and social channels Generate new authentic reviews with real-time automated feedback requests from BirdEye BirdEye gives you access to insights from your competitors’ customer feedback The BirdEye mobile app allows on-the-go customer experience management Use BirdEye’s free Scan Your Business tool for a snapshot of your online presence     
          


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search






  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results

Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


What's Your Age?


Submit
I don't know

Skip























Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip






















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip
















