    Douglas Kennedy | Peapack Gladstone Financial Corp | ZoomInfo.com






N235WK (2005 CESSNA T182T owned by KENNEDY DOUGLAS L) Aircraft Registration ✈ FlightAware




































  



Your browser is unsupported. upgrade your browser



 AllAllRouteAirline flightPrivate flight (tail #)Airport  Track










Registration/Tail #


View Aircraft Registration





Live N235WK flight tracker
View N235WK flight history
View N235WK photos










  Want more information about this aircraft? You might be interested in our
  FBO ToolBox service.
  
    Click here.
N235WK Aircraft Registration



Aircraft Summary

Summary
2005 CESSNA T182T
			Fixed wing single engine
			(4 seats / 1 engine)


Owner
KENNEDY DOUGLAS L
			MOUNTAIN LAKES
			, NJ, US
			(Individual)


Airworthiness Class
Standard/Normal


Serial Number
T18208361


Engine
LYCOMING TI0-540 SER (Reciprocating)Horsepower: 310


Weight
Less than 12,500lbs


Speed
Not defined


Mode S Code
050416421 / A21D11





Registration Details

Status
Assigned


Certificate Issue Date
2017-05-11


Airworthiness Date
2005-02-11


Last Action Date
2017-05-11


Expiration
2020-05-31


Registry Source
FAA






Registration History



Date
Owner
Location


11-May-2017
KENNEDY DOUGLAS L
MOUNTAIN LAKES NJ


27-Dec-2013
WILLIAMS STEPHEN G TRUSTEE
ORLANDO FL


18-Nov-2011
WILLIAMS STEPHEN G TRUSTEE
PAGOSA SPRINGS CO


11-May-2007
WILLIAMS STEPHEN G TRUSTEE
PALM DESERT CA


02-Jun-2006
KIENLE WALTER
RIVERSIDE CA

 





























 













 













 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Heartfelt Sympathies Store | Douglas Findlay Kennedy


























Plant a Tree


Light a Candle


Donations








For questions or help ordering please call
    1-844-249-9510

















Need help with your order?
1-844-249-9510
|
support@heartfeltsympathies.com



Memorial Candle










 There are some errors in your form.













                                            One Month                                        


                                                $10.00                                            
















                                            One Year                                        


                                                $20.00                                            
















                                            Forever                                        


                                                $50.00                                            








Enter Value:



$







 Candle From *
            0/50


                This field is required.
            

                The name or signature to be displayed with your online memorial candle.
            





 Message
            0/500


                The message to be displayed with your memorial candle.
            





Continue to Checkout










Description


Product Details




                    The solitude and quiet peace of a flickering candle has long been a symbol of remembrance.
The Memorial Candle Program has been designed to help offset the costs associated with hosting this Tribute 
Website in perpetuity. Through the lighting of a memorial candle, your thoughtful gesture will be recorded
 and the proceeds will go directly towards helping ensure that the 
family and friends of Douglas Findlay Kennedy can continue to memorialize, re-visit, interact with each 
other and enhance this tribute for future generations.

                



Candle will be lit for the limited time of one month


Candle will be lit for the limited time of one year


Candle will be lit indefinitely

Candle message preserved on the memorial site for perpetuity





















© Heartfelt Sympathies 2017
Terms of Use
Shipping
Returns
Privacy Policy



















The official site for bestselling author Douglas Kennedy













































































About
Books & Film
Press
Blog
Events
For U.S. Fans
Contact







 




Douglas Kennedy



Douglas Kennedy is the author of twelve novels, including the international bestsellers The Big Picture, The Pursuit of Happiness, Leaving the World and The Moment.  His most recent novel is now available in the US & Canada under the title The Blue Hour, as The Heat of Betrayal in the UK and other English-speaking countries, and as Mirage in France.  More than 14 million copies of his books have been sold worldwide and his work has been translated into 22 languages. He is currently working on his thirteenth novel.





 

Now on sale in the US and Canada.
UK Title: The Heat of Betrayal

Buy the book

















“Morocco—vividly described—is a shock of heat, smells, and searing colors…. Kennedy is one of the few writers to understand that people in love are basically insane; this love story darkens into a thriller as the methodical Robin pursues the truth. Romance noir, superbly written.”
— The Times (London) 

“Douglas does it again! This is the kind of novel you absolutely cannot put down, the kind that gets your pulse racing, to such an extent you have to switch off your phone, ignore your entourage, and devour to the very end. Brilliantly compelling, startling, and exotic, definitely one of Kennedy's best works.”
— Tatiana de Rosnay, bestselling author of SARAH'S KEY 

“Douglas writes with verve, and plot twists, several sharply drawn characters and an exotic local give the novel a cinematic quality. Hand this to readers looking for a page-turner with a strong female protagonist.”
— Booklist 

“Once again, Douglas Kennedy shows that he is the undisputed master of the woman-in-peril rollercoaster ride of a tale…As well as being a gripping thriller, this book poses a universal question: how far are we prepared to go in pursuit of the truth, and do we really want the answers when we find them?”
— Louise Doughty, author of APPLE TREE YARD 

“Kennedy has a knack for portraying characters readers love to hate.”
— Kirkus Reviews 

“The best book about Morocco since THE SHELTERING SKY. Completely absorbing and atmospheric.”
— Philip Kerr, author of the BERNIE GUNTHER series 




 







Latest Blog Post

March 29
Trump Gambles on America’s Narcissism

The United States is, without question, the most religious country in the so-called developed world. If the pollsters are to…Read more »


Featured Video



Join the mailing list:





Tweets by @DouglasLKennedy

join douglas kennedy on goodreads


Design by cre8d  | Photograph by Gunter Gluecklich















Cool Cat And The Chicken Run | KENNEDY, Douglas | Guitarnotes(UK) - Spanish Guitar Centre Classical Guitar Specialists in Nottingham since 1969




















Spanish Guitar


Your Account



Home
Music & Books
Guitar Exams
Guitars
Recordings
Accessories
Strings





Quick search: 






Browse Our Products

« Home
Viewing Solos: Composers A-Z
« Back to Guitar Solos
Our other categories
Music & Books
Guitar Exams
Guitars
Recordings
Accessories
Strings
Viewing Items in this Category...


Call us



Click here to view »



Guitar of the Month


CUENCA 70-R video audition by Fernando Espi (Madrid Conservatoire)
Click here to view »



Book of the Month


Napoleon COSTE : The Guitar Studies
Click here to view »



Try at Home


Combining the convenience of internet shopping with our unique personal service a "try at home" option for guitar sales is now proving popular with customers. Call for details.
Click here to view »



Testimonials


" I really appreciated the time that you took to take me through the different instruments  and am so pleased with the guitar I took away."
David S (London) 7/17

Click here to view »



Top Sellers
New Arrivals





Nail Papers (single pack)...




La guitarra flamenca...




The Bible of Classical Guitar Technique...




The Guitarist's Way, Book 2...




Gitano Guitar Support...




The Best of Joaquin Rodrigo (Zigante)...




The Guitarist's Progress, Book 1...




Guitar Scales, Arpeggios & Studies Initial to...




The Guitarist's Way, Book 1...




Repertoire Progressif Vol.1...








Beatles Songs & Traditionals...




Sor for Guitar (Hegel)...




Dowland for Guitar (Hegel)...




Mozart for Guitar (Hegel)...




The Guitar Studies (Macmeeken)...




Opere Scelte Vol.4 Cello Suites (Cherici)...




7 Concerti (Cherici)...




Opere Scelte Vol.1 The Italian Style(Cherici)...




Opere Scelte Vol.3 Works for Lute(Cherici)...




plays Manuel Ponce...




Quick Links

Home
About Us
FAQ
Shipping
Cuenca Guitars
Contact
Classical Guitars
Glossary of Terms
Guitar Societies
Terms
Discounts




Viewing: 
  » Music & Books
  » Guitar Solos
 » Solos: Composers A-Z
 » Cool Cat And The Chicken Run_KENNEDY, DOUGLAS



« Back to list...




Cool Cat And The Chicken Run
KENNEDY, Douglas 
Product Information

Author: KENNEDY, Douglas Type: Book Only Language: English Instrumentation: Solo Guitar Skill Level: Intermediate  Pages: 16
Availability: Available  Stock Reference: NP04 

Our Price:
£4.95
                        (No VAT) 
Qty
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50


















Full Description

 
Douglas KENNEDY
Cool Cat and the Chicken Run
 
A Musical Journey Through A Summers Day
 
12 'easy' pieces



© Spanish Guitar Centre, 2017, all rights reserved.
Website managed by Brown & Brown 




