    Kenneth Keverian | IBM Corporation | ZoomInfo.com




Kenneth  Keverian's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
K
Keverian

Kenneth  Keverian




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 138785549Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available
Record ID: 744643630Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available
Record ID: 746603472Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available
Record ID: 747564943Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available
Record ID: 748138071Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available
Record ID: 749681080Kenneth M Keverian4 Bennington RdLexington, MA 02421Age 60 (Born Jan 1957)(781) 861-5058Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version













Kenneth M. Keverian , International Business Machines Corporation [IBM] - Leadership® Profile

































Products


Resources


About 


Client Support


Order








Leadership® ProfileLast changed: 7/24/2017  
Kenneth M. Keverian  
Senior Vice President, Corporate StrategyInternational Business Machines Corporation [IBM]
Telephone available

Total Positions available: 1



 Purchase This Profile
Request Free Trial


Subscribe to one of these Leadership® Online products for unlimited access:
The Leadership Library® Leadership® Companies Premium Leadership Networks®


About Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI]

	Leadership Directories, Inc. [LDI] is a B2B information services company which provides premium content and contact solutions. LDI researches and publishes verified profiles of influential people and organizations from the federal government, state and local governments, public and private companies, law firms and courts, media outlets, healthcare organizations, nonprofits and associations, and the U.S. Congress.LDI's unique database of 900,000 contacts and 165,000 organizations is available online, in print, and as custom data services. Our high-quality data is updated daily with 4,000+ changes verified by NYC- and DC-based staff.


 




                Toll free: 1-800-627-0311

                1407 Broadway, Suite 318, New York, NY 10018
Tel: (212) 627-4140     Fax: (212) 645-0931
            

                1667 K Street, NW, Suite 801, Washington, DC 20006
Tel: (202) 347-7757       Fax:
                (202) 628-3430
            




Terms of use

|

Privacy Policy

|

FAQ

|

Contact us


 ©  Leadership Directories, Inc.
            








Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft


















Kenneth M. Keverian - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kenneth M. Keverian
Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy at IBM


View Full Profile
Are you Kenneth M. Keverian? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kenneth M. Keverian's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kenneth M. Keverian's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kenneth M. Keverian's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kenneth M. Keverian through your network of contacts.
												








Kenneth M. Keverian's Executive Work History


Current


Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy, 
IBM


Past
To view Kenneth M. Keverian's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
60

 
 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kenneth M. Keverian's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kenneth M. Keverian. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kenneth M. Keverian's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kenneth M. Keverian's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kenneth M. Keverian through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kenneth M. Keverian


















Kenneth M. Keverian's Connections (43)





Sign up now to view Kenneth M. Keverian's 43 connections »









Joan E. Spero
Former Board Member, Citigroup Inc.









Andrew N. Liveris
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, The Dow Chemical Company









John E. Kelly
Senior Vice President, IBM Cognitive Solutions and IBM Research, IBM









Linda S. Sanford
Board Member, Consolidated Edison, Inc.









Michael D. Rhodin
Senior Vice President, IBM Watson, IBM









Kenneth I. Chenault
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, American Express









Bridget A. van Kralingen
Senior Vice President, IBM Global Business Services, IBM









Sidney Taurel
Board Member, IBM









James W. Owens
Board Member, IBM









Virginia M. Rometty
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, IBM








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Michael C. Montgomery
Board Member, NMI Holdings, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

ï¿½ 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 






Kenneth Keverian, Senior Vice President, Corproate Strategy, IBM


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Kenneth Keverian



Senior Vice President, Corproate Strategy
at
IBM


Location: Armonk, New York





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Kenneth Keverian



Senior Vice President, Corproate Strategy
at
IBM


Location: Armonk, New York




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Ken Keverian is IBM’s senior vice president of Corporate Strategy.  In this role he is responsible for developing strategies that are linked to execution plans for a new era of computing, new markets and new clients.  He joined IBM in April, 2014 from The Boston Consulting Group, where he was a Senior Partner.  During his 25-year career at The Boston Consulting Group, he focused on serving technology companies in the computing and communications sectors.
Mr. Keverian led BCG’s efforts in serving IBM for over two decades.  This work spanned nearly all of IBM’s brands and functions and focused on growth opportunities as well as process excellence.  In addition, Mr. Keverian helped numerous global firms in setting their overall strategic direction as well as creating organization structures and operating models that help make these strategies a reality. His work covered areas such as strategic direction and product line strategy, sales force effectiveness, operations and execution, and organization and change.
At BCG, Mr. Keverian held numerous leadership positions, including roles on the Americas Leadership Team, head of the Technology Media and Telecommunications Practice in the Americas, co-head of Recruiting globally and Chair of one of BCG’s Partner Development Committees.  He was also one of five Partners elected globally to BCG’s Partnership Committee.
Prior to joining BCG, Mr. Keverian spent seven years at AT&T Bell Laboratories, where he was a product design manager and recipient of numerous patents.  Ken received SB and SM degrees in electrical engineering and computer science as well as an SB degree in mathematics from MIT. He also holds an MBA from the Harvard Business School, where he was a Baker Scholar.



1

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





N/A

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Information




Tags
N/A




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Kenneth KeverianCareer






Apr-2014




IBM



Senior Vice President, Corproate Strategy








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Kenneth KeverianEducation (2)






1988



Harvard Business School









1979



Massachusetts Institute of Technology


Electrical Engineering and Computer Science; Mathematics









 Edit



Kenneth KeverianAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Kenneth Keverian






 Edit



Kenneth KeverianLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Kenneth Keverian









Kenneth KeverianInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Kenneth Keverian









Kenneth KeverianInvestments Representing Others





No investment reps has been recorded for Kenneth Keverian








Kenneth KeverianRelated People








Colleagues at IBM







Faiyaz Shahpurwala

VP, GM IBM Cloud
Mar-2017









Meg Murphy

Chief Marketing Officer
Nov-2016









Willie Tejada

Chief Developer Advocate
Sep-2016









Rani N. Borkar

Vice President
May-2016








View all 
Peers (14)







Wes Wasson

SVP of Strategy of Citrix Systems









John N. Stewart

Director of Shape Security









David Zapolsky

SVP of Amazon









Prakash Ramamurthy

Senior Vice President of Oracle









Peter Magnusson

Senior Vice President of Oracle









Chuck Hollis

SVP of Oracle












View all 



Kenneth KeverianRecommended Market Profiles (2)








SMB/Commerce (Cross Infrastructure/Analytics)

10,000 or More employees
14 companies








                             Data Centre

10,000 or More employees
78 companies





























 


