

KFG Wealth Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























kfg wealth management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Wealth Management
KFG Wealth Management, LLC provides investment advisory services. The Company offers financial planning, asset management, and retirement plan services. KFG Wealth Management serves clients in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

6910 North Main Street
Building 16 Unit 41
Granger, IN 46530-8855
United States


Phone:
1-574-247-5898


Fax:
1-574-243-2639


Web url:
www.korhorn.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































Kfc Corporation - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Kfc Corporation







Business forum
Company History Index
Food Services and Retailers



Kfc Corporation - Company Profile, Information, Business Description, History, Background Information on Kfc Corporation
P.O. Box 32070Louisville, Kentucky 40232U.S.A.




History of Kfc Corporation
KFC Corporation is the largest fast-food chicken operator, developer, and franchiser in the world. KFC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PepsiCo, Inc. until late 1997, operates over 5,000 units in the United States, approximately 60 percent of which are franchises. Internationally, KFC has more than 3,700 units, of which two-thirds are also franchised. In addition to direct franchising and wholly owned operations, the company participates in joint ventures, and continues investigating alternative venues to gain market share in the increasingly competitive fast-food market. In late 1997 the company expected to become a wholly owned subsidiary of Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc., to be formed from the spin off of PepsiCo's restaurant holdings.
The Early Life of Colonel Sanders
Kentucky Fried Chicken was founded by Harland Sanders in Corbin, Kentucky. Sanders was born on a small farm in Henryville, Indiana, in 1890. Following the death of Sanders's father in 1896, Sanders's mother worked two jobs to support the family. The young Sanders learned to cook for his younger brother and sister by age six. When Mrs. Sanders remarried, her new husband didn't tolerate Harland. Sanders left home and school when he was 12 years old to work as a farm hand for four dollars a month. At age 15 he left that job to work at a variety of jobs, including painter, railroad fireman, plowman, streetcar conductor, ferryboat operator, insurance salesman, justice of the peace, and service-station operator.
In 1929 Sanders opened a gas station in Corbin, Kentucky, and cooked for his family and an occasional customer in the back room. Sanders enjoyed cooking the food his mother had taught him to make: pan-fried chicken, country ham, fresh vegetables, and homemade biscuits. Demand for Sanders's cooking rose; eventually he moved across the street to a facility with a 142-seat restaurant, a motel, and a gas station.
During the 1930s an image that would become known throughout the world began to develop. First, Sanders was named an honorary Kentucky Colonel by the state's governor; second, he developed a unique, quick method of spicing and pressure-frying chicken. Due to his regional popularity, the Harland Sanders Court and Cafe received an endorsement by Duncan Hines's Adventures in Good Eating in 1939.
Sanders Court and Cafe was Kentucky's first motel, but the Colonel was forced to close it when gas rationing during World War II cut tourism. Reopening the motel after the war, Sanders's hand was once again forced: in the early 1950s, planned Interstate 75 would bypass Corbin entirely. Though Sanders Cafe was valued at $165,000, the owner could only get $75,000 for it at auction, just enough to pay his debts.
Sanders' First Franchise in 1952
However, in 1952 the Colonel signed on his first franchise to Pete Harman, who owned a hamburger restaurant in Salt Lake City, Utah. Throughout the next four years, he convinced several other restaurant owners to add his Kentucky Fried Chicken to their menus.
Therefore, rather than struggle to live on his savings and Social Security, in 1955 Sanders incorporated and the following year took his chicken recipe to the road, doing demonstrations on-site to sell his method. Clad in a white suit, white shirt, and black string tie, sporting a white mustache and goatee, and carrying a cane, Sanders dressed in a way that expressed his energy and enthusiasm. In 1956 Sanders moved the business to Shelbyville, Kentucky, 30 miles east of Louisville, to more easily ship his spices, pressure cookers, carryout cartons, and advertising material. And by 1963 Sanders's recipe was franchised to more than 600 outlets in the United States and Canada. Sanders had 17 employees and travelled more than 200,000 miles in one year promoting Kentucky Fried Chicken. He was clearing $300,000 before taxes, and the business was getting too large for Sanders to handle.
New Management for Kentucky Fried Chicken
In 1964 Sanders sold Kentucky Fried Chicken for $2 million and a per-year salary of $40,000 for public appearances; that salary later rose to $200,000. The offer came from an investor group headed by John Y. Brown, Jr. a 29-year-old graduate of the University of Kentucky law school, and Nashville financier John (Jack) Massey. A notable member of the investor group was Pete Harman, who had been the first to purchase Sanders's recipe 12 years earlier.
Under the agreement, Brown and Massey owned national and international franchise rights, excluding England, Florida, Utah, and Montana, which Sanders had already apportioned. Sanders would also maintain ownership of the Canadian franchises. The company subsequently acquired the rights to operations in England, Canada, and Florida. As chairman and CEO, Massey trained Brown for the job; meanwhile, Harland Sanders enjoyed his less hectic role as roving ambassador. In Business Week, Massey remarked: "He's the greatest PR man I have ever known."
Within three years, Brown and Massey had transformed the "loosely knit, one-man show ... into a smoothly run corporation with all the trappings of modern management," according to Business Week. Retail outlets reached all 50 states, plus Puerto Rico, Mexico, Japan, Jamaica, and the Bahamas. With 1,500 take-out stores and restaurants, Kentucky Fried Chicken ranked sixth in volume among food-service companies; it trailed such giants as Howard Johnson, but was ahead of McDonald's Corporation and International Dairy Queen.
In 1967, franchising remained the foundation of the business. For an initial $3,000 fee, a franchisee went to "KFC University" to learn all the basics. While typical costs for a complete Kentucky Fried Chicken start-up ran close to $65,000, some franchisees had already become millionaires. Tying together a national image, the company began developing pre-fabricated red-and-white striped buildings to appeal to tourists and residents in the United States.
The revolutionary choice Massey and Brown made was to change the Colonel's concept of a sit-down Kentucky Fried Chicken dinner to a stand-up, take-out store emphasizing fast service and low labor costs. This idea created, by 1970, 130 millionaires, all from selling the Colonel's famous pressure-cooked chicken. But such unprecedented growth came with its cost, as Brown remarked in Business Week: "At one time, I had 21 millionaires reporting to me at eight o'clock every morning. It could drive you crazy." Despite the number of vocal franchisees, the corporation lacked management depth. Brown tried to use successful franchisees as managers, but their commitment rarely lasted more than a year or two. There was too much money to be made as entrepreneurs.
Stock Plummets in 1970
Several observations about franchise arrangements noted by stock market analysts and accountants in the late 1960s became widespread news by 1970. First, Wall Street noticed that profits for many successful franchisers came from company-owned stores, not from the independent shops--though this was not the case with Kentucky Fried Chicken. This fact tied in with a memorandum circulated at Peat, Marwick, Mitchell & Company, and an article published by Archibald MacKay in the Journal of Accountancy stating that income labeled "initial franchise fees" was added when a franchise agreement was signed, regardless of whether the store ever opened or fees were collected. Such loose accounting practices caused a Wall Street reaction: franchisers, enjoying the reputation as "glamour stocks" through the 1960s, were no longer so highly regarded. Kentucky Fried Chicken stock hit a high of $55.50 in 1969, then fell to as low as $10 per share within a year.
In early 1970, following a number of disagreements with Brown, Massey resigned. When several other key leaders departed the company, Brown found the housecleaning he planned already in progress. A number of food and finance specialists joined Kentucky Fried Chicken, including R. C. Beeson as chief operational officer and Joseph Kesselman as chief financial officer. Kesselman brought in new marketing, controlling, and computer experts; he also obtained the company's first large-scale loan package ($30 million plus a $20 million credit line). By August 1970 the shake-up was clear: Colonel Harland Sanders, his grandson Harland Adams, and George Baker, who had run company operations, resigned from the board of directors. Colonel Sanders, at 80, knew his limits. In a 1970 New York Times article, Sanders stated, "[I] realized that I was someplace I had no place being.... Everything that a board of a big corporation does is over my head and I'm confused by the talk and high finance discussed at these meetings."
CEO Brown spent the rough year of 1970 shoring up his company's base of operations. By September, Kentucky Fried Chicken operated a total of 3,400 fast-food outlets; the company owned 823 of these units. The company, once too large for the Colonel to handle, grew too mammoth for John Y. Brown as well. In July 1971 Kentucky Fried Chicken merged with Connecticut-based Heublein Inc., a specialty food and alcoholic beverage corporation. Sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken had reached $700 million, and Brown, at age 37, left the company with a personal net worth of $35 million. Interviewed for the Wall Street Journal regarding the company's 1970 financial overhaul, Brown commented, "You never saw a more negative bunch.... If I'd have listened to them in the first place, we'd never have started Kentucky Fried Chicken." Article author Frederick C. Klein included closing parenthetical remarks in which observers close to the company noted that "in engineering Kentucky Fried Chicken's explosive growth, Mr. Brown neglected to install needed financial controls and food-research facilities, and had let relations with some franchise holders go sour."
Heublein Makes Changes in 1970s
Heublein planned to increase Kentucky Fried Chicken's volume with its marketing know-how. Through the 1970s the company introduced some new products to compete with other fast-food markets. The popularity of barbecued spare ribs, introduced in 1975, kept the numbers for Kentucky Fried Chicken looking better than they really were. As management concentrated on overall store sales, they failed to notice that the basic chicken business was slacking off. Competitors' sales increased as Kentucky Fried Chicken's dropped.
For Heublein, acquisitions were doing more harm than good: Kentucky Fried Chicken was stumbling just when the parent company had managed to get United Vintners, bought in 1969, on its feet. In 1977 the company appointed Michael Miles, who was formerly responsible for the Kentucky Fried Chicken ad campaign at Leo Burnett and had joined Heublein's marketing team in 1971, to chair the ailing Kentucky Fried Chicken. Richard Mayer, vice-president of marketing and strategic planning for Heublein's grocery products, took charge of the Kentucky Fried Chicken U.S. division.
Mayer found that the product mainstay, fried chicken, wasn't up to the high quality Colonel Harland Sanders would expect. Miles and Mayer also faced the same problem John Y. Brown had not managed to surmount: relations with franchisees were sour. In the mid-1970s, the franchisees sold more per store than company-owned stores. Faring better without Heublein's help, they resented paying royalty fees to the ineffective corporate parent. To top that off, the stores were looking out of date.
Having unloaded well over 300 company-owned stores in the early 1970s, by the end of the decade Heublein began to buy some back from the franchisees. Renovation of the original red-and-white striped buildings began in earnest, with Heublein putting $35 million into the project. On the outside, Kentucky Fried Chicken facades were updated, while on the inside, cooking methods veered back to the Colonel's basics. Sticking to a limited menu kept Kentucky Fried Chicken's costs down, allowing the company time to recoup. Timing was fortunate on Kentucky Fried Chicken's turn-around; it happened just in time for Colonel Sanders to witness. After fighting leukemia for seven months, Harland Sanders died on December 16, 1980.
The 1980s: Profits and Expansion
Miles and Mayer's work culminated with the highly successful 1981 ad campaign, "We Do Chicken Right." A year later, in step with the fast-paced 1980s, R.J. Reynolds Industries Inc. acquired Heublein, giving Kentucky Fried Chicken another lift; the company had expansionary vision, capital, and the international presence to tie it all together. Kentucky Fried Chicken sales that year reached $2.4 billion. By 1983 the company had made impressive progress. With 4,500 stores in the United States and 1,400 units in 54 foreign countries, no other fast-food chain except McDonald's could compete. But while many industry insiders were crediting the team with victory, Mayer wasn't so quick to join in. As he noted in Nation's Restaurant News, "People keep talking about the turn-around at KFC. I'd really rather not talk about it. The turn-around is only halfway over."
With the entrance of R. J. Reynolds came the exit of Michael Miles, who resigned to become CEO of Kraft Foods; Mayer took over as chairman and CEO. Mayer continued on a cautious line for the next several years, refusing to introduce new products as obsessively as its competitors. "In the past two years," Mayer said in a KFC company profile in Nation's Restaurant News, "people have gone absolutely schizoid.... A lot of chains have blurred their image by adding so many new menu items." In further commentary, he added, "We don't roll out a flavor-of-the-month."
PepsiCo Buys Company in 1986
Mayer's conservatism gained him the respect of Wall Street and his peers in the fast-food industry. In 1986 soft-drink giant PepsiCo, Inc., bought Kentucky Fried Chicken for $840 million. Reasons cited were KFC's superior performance and its 1980--85 increase in worldwide revenue and earnings. The successful operator of the Pizza Hut and Taco Bell chains, PepsiCo did quite well introducing new products through those restaurants. It was just a matter of time before Kentucky Fried Chicken would be expected to create new products.
To foster new product introduction, in 1986 Kentucky Fried Chicken opened the $23 million, 2,000,000-square-foot Colonel Sanders Technical Center. In addition, the company began testing oven-roasted chicken through multiple-franchisee Collins Foods; further test-marketing of home delivery was undertaken using PepsiCo's successful Pizza Hut delivery system as an example. By late 1986 Donald E. Doyle, succeeding Mayer in the post of Kentucky Fried Chicken's U.S. president, inherited the task of developing new menu items.
The overall market for fast food seemed glutted by the late 1980s. PepsiCo CEO D. Wayne Calloway saw Kentucky Fried Chicken's national niche as secure for two reasons: first, with competition spurred by the large number of fast-food suppliers, weaker chains would inevitably leave the market; second, Kentucky Fried Chicken still had room to grow in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. Internationally, the company planned 150 overseas openings in 1987. Japan, a major market, had 520 stores, Great Britain had 300, and South Africa had 160. KFC International, headed by Steven V. Fellingham, planned to concentrate on opening units in a handful of countries where its presence was limited. The People's Republic of China was the most notable new market secured in 1987; KFC was the first American fast-food chain to open there.
Franchisee Problems with New Parent Company
Imperative to the success of Kentucky Fried Chicken was the establishment of successful relations with the numerous franchisees. Most of them lauded parent PepsiCo's international strength and food-service experience; KFC had its own inherent strength, however, according to franchisees, which the parent company would do well to handle with care. That strength was the sharing of decision-making.
In 1966, for instance, the Kentucky Fried Chicken Advertising Co-Op was established, giving franchisees ten votes and the company three when determining advertising budgets and campaigns. As a result of an antitrust suit with franchisees, in 1972 the corporation organized a National Franchisee Advisory Council. By 1976, the company worked with franchisees to improve upon contracts made when Brown and Massey took over. Some contracts even dated back to when Colonel Sanders had sealed them with a handshake. The National Purchasing Co-Op, formed in 1979, ensured franchisees a cut of intercompany equipment and supply sales. All of these councils had created a democratic organization that not only served the franchisees well, but helped keep operations running smoothly as Kentucky Fried Chicken was shifted from one corporate parent to another. As time passed, however, PepsiCo's corporate hand seemed to come down too heavily for franchisee comfort.
In July 1989, CEO and Chairman Richard Mayer resigned to return as president to General Foods USA. Mayer, who together with Mike Miles was credited for bringing Kentucky Fried Chicken out of the 1970s slump, departed as the company battled over contract rights with franchisees. John M. Cranor, an executive who had joined PepsiCo 12 years earlier, took over as CEO. Kyle Craig, formerly with Burger King, Steak & Ale, and Bennigan's, began in an advisory role, later stepping up to become president of KFC-USA.
Within months Cranor was meeting with franchisee leaders in Louisville to defend parent PepsiCo's contract renewal. Among the issues debated was PepsiCo's plan to revise the franchisee-renewal policy, which guaranteed operators the right to sell the business, and an automatic ten-year extension on existing contracts with reasonable upgrading required. It was in KFC's long-term interest to settle the dispute without litigation, Cranor believed--and with good reason. In August of 1989 franchisees had established a $3.6 million legal fund, averaging $1,000 per unit, to fight the battle in court if necessary. Cranor remained optimistic, relying on the history of positive relations with franchisees.
Despite contract battles and communication troubles, in the fall of 1990 Kentucky Fried Chicken called a one-day truce to celebrate in honor of Colonel Sanders's 100th birthday. Meanwhile, fast-food competitors with stricter organization were keeping up with changes in consumer demand and introducing new products at a dizzying rate. KFC, in contrast, had difficulty in creating new products linked to the cornerstone fried chicken concept, as well as in getting them out quickly through franchisee stores. Hot Wings, brought out in 1990, were KFC's only hit in a number of attempts, including broiled, oven-roasted, skinless, and sandwich-style chicken.
In late September 1990, Kentucky Fried Chicken increased its holding of company-owned stores by buying 209 U.S. units from Collins Foods International Inc.; Collins retained its interest in the Australian KFC market. The acquisition boosted Kentucky Fried Chicken's control of total operating units to 32 percent. The corporation also added Canada's Scott's Hospitality franchises to its fold, an increase of 182 units.
To update its down-home image and respond to growing concerns about the health risks associated with fried foods, in February 1991 Kentucky Fried Chicken changed its name to KFC. New packaging still sported the classic red-and-white stripes, but this time wider and on an angle, implying movement and rapid service. While the Colonel's image was retained, packaging was in modern graphics and bolder colors. New menu introductions were postponed, as KFC once again went back to the basics to tighten up store operations and modernize units. A new $20 million computer system not only controlled fryer cooking times, it linked front counters with the kitchen, drive-thru window, manager's office, and company headquarters.
International Success in 1990s
Though KFC may have had problems competing in the domestic fast-food market, those same problems did not seem to trouble them in their international markets. In 1992 pretax profits were $92 million from international operations, as opposed to $86 million from the U.S. units. Also, in the five-year span from 1988 through 1992, sales and profits for the international business nearly doubled. In addition, franchise relations, always troublesome in the domestic business, ran smoothly in KFC's international markets. To continue capitalizing on their success abroad, KFC undertook an aggressive construction plan that called for an average of one non-U.S. unit to be built per day, with the expectation that by 1995 the number of international units would exceed those in the United States.
International sales, particularly in Asia, continued to bolster company profits. In 1993, sales and profits of KFC outlets in Asia were growing at 30 percent a year. Average per store sales in Asia were $1.2 million, significantly higher than in the United States, where per store sales stood at $750,000. In addition, profit margins in Asia were double those in the United States. KFC enjoyed many advantages in Asia: fast food's association with the West made it a status symbol; the restaurants were generally more hygienic than vendor stalls; and chicken was a familiar taste to Asian palates. The company saw great potential in the region and stepped up construction of new outlets there. It planned to open 1,000 restaurants between 1993 and 1998.
Non-traditional service, often stemming from successful innovations instituted in the company's international operations, was seen as a way for KFC to enter new markets. Delivery, drive-thru, carry-out, and supermarket kiosks were up and running. Other outlets in testing were mall and office-building snack shops, mobile trailer units, satellite units, and self-contained kiosks designed for universities, stadiums, airports, and amusement parks. To move toward the twenty-first century, executives believed KFC had to change its image. "We want to be the chicken store," Cranor stressed in a 1991 Nation's Restaurant News. Cranor's goal was total concept transformation, moving KFC to a more contemporary role.
New product introductions were part of the company's plan to keep up with competitors. Having allowed Boston Market to grab a significant portion of the chicken market, KFC tried to catch up with the introduction of Rotisserie Gold Chicken. The company's new CEO, David Novak, also decided to test Colonel's Kitchen, a clear imitation of the Boston Market format. To counter McDonald's and Burger King's "value meals," KFC brought out the "Mega-Meal dinner": an entire rotisserie chicken, chicken nuggets, mashed potatoes, macaroni, cole slaw, biscuits, and a chocolate chip cake for $14.99. In 1995, KFC expanded the idea to "Mega-Meal-For-One," and decided to test chicken pot pie and chicken salad.
These moves gave a small boost to KFC's image, which had grown somewhat out-of-date, and to its bottom line. However, problems with the franchisees continued, and PepsiCo was not seeing the return on its assets that it saw with its beverage and snack food divisions. PepsiCo was having similar problems with its other restaurant subsidiaries, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut, and decided the drain of capital expenditure was not worth it.
In 1996 the company prepared to rid itself of its restaurant division by drawing together Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, and KFC. All operations were now overseen by a single senior manager, and most back office operations, including payroll, data processing, and accounts payable, were combined. In January 1997 the company announced plans to spin off this restaurant division, creating an independent publicly traded company called Tricon Global Restaurants, Inc. The formal plan, approved by the PepsiCo board of directors in August 1997, stipulated that each PepsiCo shareholder would receive one share of Tricon stock for every ten shares of PepsiCo stock owned. The plan also required Tricon to pay a one-time distribution of $4.5 billion at the time of the spinoff. If approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the spinoff would take place on October 6, 1997.
PepsiCo CEO Roger Enrico explained the move: "Our goal in taking these steps is to dramatically sharpen PepsiCo's focus. Our restaurant business has tremendous financial strength and a very bright future. However, given the distinctly different dynamics of restaurants and packaged goods, we believe all our businesses can better flourish with two separate and distinct managements and corporate structures." KFC and its franchisees did settle their contract disputes; according to a press release, "the crux of the agreement revolves around KFC franchisees receiving permanent territorial protection. In turn, KFC Corporation will have more direct influence over certain national advertising and public relations activities." Still KFC faced the need to rennovate its restaurant buildings, and also faced stiff competition from Boston Market, Burger King, and McDonald's, so it remained to be seen if the new parent company would refresh KFC's image and profits.
Additional Details
Wholly Owned Subsidiary of PepsiCo, Inc.Incorporated: 1955 as Kentucky Fried ChickenEmployees: 160,000Sales: $6.4 billion (1996)SICs: 5812 Eating Places
Further Reference
		"Colonel Sanders Bowing Out," New York Times, August 8, 1970."Cooking up Profits, Southern Style," Business Week, June 24, 1967."'Corporate' Meets the Colonel in KFC's Entrepreneurial Cranor," Nation's Restaurant News, November 18, 1991."The Education of Hicks Waldron," Forbes, December 8, 1980."Franchising: Too Much, Too Soon," Business Week, June 27, 1970."Heublein May Buy Kentucky Fried Via Stock Swap," Wall Street Journal, January 22, 1971."Heublein Merger Plan with Kentucky Fried Is Ratified by Holders," Wall Street Journal, July 9, 1971.Hume, Scott, "KFC to Stick with What It's Finally Doing Right," Advertising Age, June 27, 1983.Jeffrey, Don, Peter Romeo, and Rick Van Warner, "KFC Company Profile" (a multiple-article series), Nation's Restaurant News, December 15, 1986.Keegan, Peter O., "KFC Shuns 'Fried' Image with New Name," Nation's Restaurant News, February 25, 1991.------, "KFC Takes Step Back to Move Forward," Nation's Restaurant News, November 18, 1991.Klein, Frederick C., "John Y. Brown, Rich and Taking It Easy," Wall Street Journal, April 1, 1975.Koeppel, Dan, "The Feathers Are Really Flying at Kentucky Fried," Adweek's Marketing Week, September 3, 1990.Martin, Richard, "Collins to Sell 209 KFC Units to PepsiCo for $123 Million," Nation's Restaurant News, September 24, 1990.Prewitt, Milford, "Cranor Answers KFC Critics," Nation's Restaurant News, November 27, 1989.Prewitt, Milford, "Mayer Flies KFC Coop; PepsiCo Names Cranor," Nation's Restaurant News, July 31, 1989.Rudnitsky, Howard, "Leaner Cuisine," Forbes, March 27, 1995, pp. 43--44.Sellers, Patricia, "Pepsico's Shedding Ugly Pounds," Fortune, June 26, 1995, pp. 94--95.------, "Why Pepsi Needs to Become More Like Coke," Fortune, March 3, 1997, pp. 26--27."Success Story: Potential Ruin Is Turned to Boom," New York Times, March 22, 1964.Tanzer, Andrew, "Hot Wings Take Off," Forbes, January 18, 1993, p.74.
	







Search Company History









This web site and associated pages are not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Kfc Corporation and has no official or unofficial affiliation with Kfc Corporation.


		Copyright © 2007 - NetIndustries, LLC.
	






Kentucky Fried Chicken- KFC - Marketing Mix - four P's | Market Segmentation | Fast Food Restaurants














 





ExploreUploadSign inJoinclose user settings menuOptionsJoinSign InUpload




Kentucky Fried Chicken- KFC - Marketing Mix - four P'sUploaded by rohanchowRelated InterestsMarket SegmentationFast Food RestaurantsMarketingBusiness EconomicsMarket (Economics)Rating and Stats4.4 (8)Document ActionsDownloadShare or Embed DocumentEmbedDescription: KFC marketing Mix strategy in India and abroad, Usage of the Four P's by Kfc.View MoreKFC marketing Mix strategy in India and abroad, Usage of the Four P's by Kfc.Copyright: Attribution Non-Commercial (BY-NC)Download as PPTX, PDF, TXT or read online from ScribdFlag for inappropriate content
Recommended DocumentsDocuments Similar To Kentucky Fried Chicken- KFC - Marketing Mix - four P'skfc project on market researchby 9654471466kfc four psby sardar ahmad khanKFC Marketing Strategiesby friendfoDocuments About Market SegmentationSet Up a New Distribution Channel - GrowthPanel.comby www.GrowthPanel.comUT Dallas Syllabus for mkt6301.501.11f taught by Ernan Haruvy (eeh017200)by UT Dallas Provost's Technology GroupMarketing Managementby GuruKPO More From rohanchowCCM meaning n dimensions of cultureby rohanchowAdvertising & Sales Promotion  - Apple iPodby rohanchowCultural Diversity - H.R Interventions & strategies- Coca Cola Companyby rohanchow
Screen Reader Compatibility InformationDue to the method this document is displayed on the page, screen readers may not read the content correctly. For a better experience, please download the original document and view it in the native application on your computer.


 





 

Kentucky Fried Chicken

Four P¶s of Marketing mix.
























 

I

ntroduction

KFC Corporation, or KFC, founded and also known asKentucky Fried Chicken, is a chain of fast foodrestaurants based in Louisville, Kentucky. KFC is abrand and operating segment, called a "concept" of Yum! Brands since 1997 when that company was spunoff from PepsiCo.KFC primarily sells chicken in form of pieces, wraps,salads and sandwiches. While its primary focus is friedchicken, KFC also offers a line of roasted chickenproducts, side dishes and desserts.
























 

Marketing Mix

The marketing mix is generally acceptedas the use and specification of the 'four Ps'describing the strategic position of aproduct in the marketplace.ProductPricePlacePromotion


















































































































































































































































































































































































































Sign up to vote on this titleUsefulNot usefulClose DialogAre you sure?This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?CANCELOKClose DialogGet the full title to continueGet the full title to continue reading from where you left off, or restart the preview.Restart preview













Food Services and Retailers















Reference for Business


Company History Index


		 Food Services and Retailers
	 




5 & Diner Franchise Corporation


AFC Enterprises, Inc.


ASDA Group Ltd.


ASDA Group plc


Advantica Restaurant Group, Inc.


Affiliated Foods Inc.


Albertson's Inc.


Albertson's, Inc.


Aldi Group


Alex Lee Inc.


All Nippon Airways Co., Ltd.


Allen Foods, Inc.


Alpha Airports Group PLC


Andronico's Market


Applebee's International, Inc.


Arby's Inc.


Arden Group, Inc.


Ark Restaurants Corp.


Asahi Breweries, Ltd.


Associated Grocers, Incorporated


Association des Centres Distributeurs E. Leclerc


Atlanta Bread Company International, Inc.


Au Bon Pain Co., Inc.


Auchan


Auntie Anne's, Inc.


Autogrill SpA


Avado Brands, Inc.


Back Bay Restaurant Group, Inc.


Back Yard Burgers, Inc.


Bashas' Inc.


Bear Creek Corporation


Ben E. Keith Company


Benihana, Inc.


Bertucci's Corporation


Bettys & Taylors of Harrogate Ltd.


Big Bear Stores Co.


Big V Supermarkets, Inc.


Big Y Foods, Inc.


Blimpie International, Inc.


Bob Evans Farms, Inc.


Bob's Red Mill Natural Foods, Inc.


Boddie-Noell Enterprises, Inc.


Bon Appetit Holding AG


Boston Chicken, Inc.


Boston Market Corporation


Briazz, Inc.


Brinker International, Inc.


Brookshire Grocery Company


Bruegger's Corporation


Bruno's Supermarkets, Inc.


Bruno's, Inc.


Buca, Inc.


Budgens Ltd.


Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc.


Buffets, Inc.


Burger King Corporation


Busch Entertainment Corporation


C & S Wholesale Grocers, Inc.


C&K Market, Inc.


C. H. Robinson, Inc.


CBRL Group, Inc.


CEC Entertainment, Inc.


CKE Restaurants, Inc.


Caffè Nero Group PLC


California Pizza Kitchen Inc.


Captain D's, LLC


Caribou Coffee Company, Inc.


Carlson Companies, Inc.


Carlson Restaurants Worldwide


Carr-Gottstein Foods Co.


Casey's General Stores, Inc.


Casino Guichard-Perrachon S.A.


Centerplate, Inc.


Chart House Enterprises, Inc.


Checkers Drive-Up Restaurants Inc.


Chi-Chi's Inc.


Chicago Pizza & Brewery, Inc.


Chick-fil-A Inc.


Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.


Church's Chicken


Cinnabon Inc.


Coborn's, Inc.


Cold Stone Creamery


Compass Group PLC


Comptoirs Modernes S.A.


Consolidated Products Inc.


Controladora Comercial Mexicana, S.A. de C.V.


Cooker Restaurant Corporation


Cosi, Inc.


Cost-U-Less, Inc.


Coto Centro Integral de Comercializacion S.A.


Country Kitchen International, Inc.


Cremonini S.p.A.


Culver Franchising System, Inc.


D'Agostino Supermarkets Inc.


Dairy Mart Convenience Stores, Inc.


Darden Restaurants, Inc.


DeMoulas / Market Basket Inc.


Dean & DeLuca, Inc.


Del Taco, Inc.


Delhaize "Le Lion" S.A.


DenAmerica Corporation


Deschutes Brewery, Inc.


Diedrich Coffee, Inc.


Dierbergs Markets Inc.


Distribución y Servicio D&S S.A.


Doctor's Associates Inc.


Dominick's Finer Foods, Inc.


Domino's Pizza, Inc.


Domino's, Inc.


Donatos Pizzeria Corporation


Eateries, Inc.


Edeka Zentrale A.G.


Einstein/Noah Bagel Corporation


El Chico Restaurants, Inc.


El Pollo Loco, Inc.


Elior SA


Elmer's Restaurants, Inc.


Embers America Restaurants


Etablissements Economiques du Casino Guichard, Perrachon et Cie, S.C.A.


Famous Dave's of America, Inc.


Farmer Jack Supermarkets


Fatburger Corporation


Fazoli's Management, Inc.


Fazoli's Systems, Inc.


Fili Enterprises, Inc.


Fired Up, Inc.


Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc.


Food Lion LLC


Food Lion, Inc.


Foodarama Supermarkets, Inc.


Foodmaker, Inc.


Fresh Choice, Inc.


Fresh Enterprises, Inc.


Fresh Foods, Inc.


Friendly Ice Cream Corp.


Friendly Ice Cream Corporation


Frisch's Restaurants, Inc.


Fuller Smith & Turner P.L.C.


Furr's Restaurant Group, Inc.


Furr's Supermarkets, Inc.


Galardi Group, Inc.


Garden Fresh Restaurant Corporation


Gate Gourmet International AG


Genuardi's Family Markets, Inc.


George Weston Limited


Ghirardelli Chocolate Company


Giant Food Inc.


Godfather's Pizza Incorporated


Golden Corral Corporation


Golden Krust Caribbean Bakery, Inc.


Golden State Foods Corporation


Gordon Food Service Inc.


Greggs PLC


Gristede's Foods Inc.


Gristede's Sloan's, Inc.


Ground Round, Inc.


Groupe Promodès S.A.


Guyenne et Gascogne


H.E. Butt Grocery Company


HDOS Enterprises


Haggen Inc.


Hannaford Bros. Co.


Harris Teeter Inc.


Harry's Farmers Market Inc.


Hickory Farms, Inc.


Holberg Industries, Inc.


Holland Burgerville USA


Hooters of America, Inc.


Hops Restaurant Bar and Brewery


Hoss's Steak and Sea House Inc.


Host America Corporation


Hotel Properties Ltd.


Houchens Industries Inc.


Hughes Markets, Inc.


Hungry Howie's Pizza and Subs, Inc.


Hy-Vee, Inc.


IHOP Corporation


ITM Entreprises SA


Iceland Group plc


Il Fornaio (America) Corporation


In-N-Out Burger


Ingles Markets, Inc.


Inserra Supermarkets


Inter Link Foods PLC


International Dairy Queen, Inc.


Ito-Yokado Co., Ltd.


J Sainsbury plc


J. Alexander's Corporation


JD Wetherspoon plc


Jamba Juice Company


Jean-Georges Enterprises L.L.C.


Jerry's Famous Deli Inc.


Jitney-Jungle Stores of America, Inc.


John Lewis Partnership plc


Johnny Rockets Group, Inc.


KFC Corporation


King Kullen Grocery Co., Inc.


Koninklijke Ahold N.V. (Royal Ahold)


Koo Koo Roo, Inc.


Kwik Save Group plc


LDB Corporation


La Madeleine French Bakery & Café


Landry's Restaurants, Inc.


Landry's Seafood Restaurants, Inc.


Laurus N.V.


Leeann Chin, Inc.


Levy Restaurants L.P.


Little Caesar Enterprises, Inc.


Loblaw Companies Limited


Logan's Roadhouse, Inc.


Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon, Inc.


Long John Silver's


Long John Silver's Restaurants Inc.


Luby's Cafeteria's, Inc.


Luby's, Inc.


Lucky Stores, Inc.


Lund Food Holdings, Inc.


MITROPA AG


Madden's on Gull Lake


Maid-Rite Corporation


Maines Paper & Food Service Inc.


Marie Callender's Restaurant & Bakery, Inc.


Marsh Supermarkets, Inc.


Matt Prentice Restaurant Group


Max & Erma's Restaurants Inc.


Mazzio's Corporation


McAlister's Corporation


McCormick & Schmick's Seafood Restaurants, Inc.


McDonald's Corporation


Megafoods Stores Inc.


Metcash Trading Ltd.


Metromedia Companies


Mexican Restaurants, Inc.


Minyard Food Stores, Inc.


Monterey Pasta Company


Morrison Restaurants Inc.


Morton's Restaurant Group, Inc.


Mrs. Fields' Original Cookies, Inc.


Musgrave Group Plc


Métro Inc.


NPC International, Inc.


Nash Finch Company


Nathan's Famous, Inc.


New Seasons Market


New World Restaurant Group, Inc.


New York Restaurant Group, Inc.


Noble Roman's Inc.


Noodles & Company, Inc.


O'Charley's Inc.


Old Spaghetti Factory International Inc.


Outback Steakhouse, Inc.


P. F. Chang's China Bistro, Inc.


Palm Management Corporation


Pancho's Mexican Buffet, Inc.


Panda Management Company, Inc.


Panera Bread Company


Papa John's International, Inc.


Papa Murphy's International, Inc.


Pappas Restaurants, Inc.


Pathmark Stores, Inc.


Peapod, Inc.


Penn Traffic Company


Performance Food Group Company


Perkins Family Restaurants, L.P.


Peter Piper, Inc.


Petrossian Inc.


Phillips Foods, Inc.


Picard Surgeles


Piccadilly Cafeterias, Inc.


Piggly Wiggly Southern, Inc.


Pizza Hut Inc.


Planet Hollywood International, Inc.


Players International, Inc.


Ponderosa Steakhouse


Portillo's Restaurant Group, Inc.


Provigo Inc.


Publix Super Markets Inc.


Pueblo Xtra International, Inc.


Quality Dining, Inc.


Quality Food Centers, Inc.


RFC Franchising LLC


RTM Restaurant Group


Rally's


Rally's Hamburgers, Inc.


Ralphs Grocery Company


Randall's Food Markets, Inc.


Rare Hospitality International Inc.


Raving Brands, Inc.


Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc.


Restaurant Associates Corporation


Restaurants Unlimited, Inc.


Richtree Inc.


Riser Foods, Inc.


Roadhouse Grill, Inc.


Rock Bottom Restaurants, Inc.


Romacorp, Inc.


Roundy's Inc.


Rubio's Restaurants, Inc.


Ruby Tuesday, Inc.


Ruth's Chris Steak House


Ryan's Family Steak Houses, Inc.


Ryan's Restaurant Group, Inc.


SFI Group plc


SPAR Handels AG


SWH Corporation


SYSCO Corporation


Safeway Inc.


Safeway PLC


Santa Barbara Restaurant Group, Inc.


Sbarro, Inc.


Schlotzsky's, Inc.


Schultz Sav-O Stores, Inc.


Schwan's Sales Enterprises, Inc.


Seaway Food Town, Inc.


Second Harvest


See's Candies, Inc.


Shaw's Supermarkets, Inc.


Shells Seafood Restaurants, Inc.


Shoney's, Inc.


Skyline Chili, Inc.


Smart & Final, Inc.


Smith's Food & Drug Centers, Inc.


Sobeys Inc.


Sodexho Alliance SA


Somerfield plc


Sonic Corp.


Spaghetti Warehouse, Inc.


Starbucks Corporation


Stater Bros. Holdings Inc.


Stew Leonard's


Subway


Super Food Services, Inc.


Supervalu Inc.


Taco Bell Corp.


Taco Cabana, Inc.


Taco John's International Inc.


Taco John's International, Inc.


Tchibo GmbH


TelePizza S.A.


Texas Roadhouse, Inc.


The Big Food Group plc


The Cheesecake Factory Inc.


The Cooker Restaurant Corporation


The Copps Corporation


The Food Emporium


The Fred W. Albrecht Grocery Co.


The Golub Corporation


The Grand Union Company


The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company, Inc.


The Kroger Co.


The Kroger Company


The Krystal Company


The Laurel Pub Company Limited


The Middleby Corporation


The Quizno's Corporation


The Riese Organization


The Steak n Shake Company


The Stop & Shop Supermarket Company


The Vons Companies, Incorporated


The WesterN SizzliN Corporation


The Wolfgang Puck Food Company, Inc.


Timber Lodge Steakhouse, Inc.


Tops Markets LLC


Total Entertainment Restaurant Corporation


Toupargel-Agrigel S.A.


Trader Joe's Co.


Trader Joe's Company


Travel Ports of America, Inc.


Tree of Life, Inc.


Triarc Companies, Inc.


Tubby's, Inc.


Tully's Coffee Corporation


Tumbleweed, Inc.


Ukrop's Super Market's, Inc.


Unique Casual Restaurants, Inc.


United Natural Foods, Inc.


Uno Restaurant Corporation


Uno Restaurant Holdings Corporation


Uwajimaya, Inc.


VICORP Restaurants, Inc.


Vail Resorts, Inc.


Victory Refrigeration, Inc.


W. H. Braum, Inc.


Waffle House Inc.


Wakefern Food Corporation


Waldbaum, Inc.


Wall Street Deli, Inc.


Wawa Inc.


Wegmans Food Markets, Inc.


Weis Markets, Inc.


Wendy's International, Inc.


White Castle System, Inc.


White Rose, Inc.


Whittard of Chelsea Plc


Whole Foods Market, Inc.


Wild Oats Markets, Inc.


WinCo Foods Inc.


Winchell's Donut Houses Operating Company, L.P.


Winn-Dixie Stores, Inc.


Wm. Morrison Supermarkets PLC


Wolfgang Puck Worldwide, Inc.


Worldwide Restaurant Concepts, Inc.


Young & Co.'s Brewery, P.L.C.


Yucaipa Cos.


Yum! Brands Inc.


Zingerman's Community of Businesses



















KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC ,Fruit ,Preserved Fruit ,United Arab Emirates










Search


Welcome Guest, Join Free / Sign In
Home Categories Countries My Companiess Add My Company Free    Share:






KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC


Company DescriptionKFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC is one of the reputed trading companies in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, dealing in various kinds of Food Stuffs and Beverages with its dedicated and motivated management/staff team who share philosophy of commitments and services to its customers with high quality standard of their experience.

KFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC has achieved its reputation in short span of time. This success is due to the hard work and excellent in performance and adherences to highest quality standard.

KFG Foodstuff Trading is primarily engaged in the import and distribution of food stuff  in the United Arab Emirates. Most range of products are imported from various countries but still supporting locally produced products. KFG Foodstuff Trading has branches in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain. It supplies hotels, private companies, restaurants and home.

KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC Executive Manager Mr. Musab Fawsan who assures best service available range of products.          

Company InformationContact Person:Ms. Eve MoralesDepartment:AdministrativeJob Title:Admin AssistantTelephone:Mobile Phone:Fax:Zip:183757Province/State:DubaiCity:DubaiOperational Address:3403 Churchill Tower, Business Bay, Dubai, United Arab EmiratesBusiness Type:Trading Company, Agent, Distributor/WholesalerYear Established:2006Number Of Employees:5 - 10 PeopleAverage Lead Time:15 Day(s)Trade Capacity:Africa : 33.33% Mid East : 33.33%Production Capacity:- -R&D Capacity:No. of R&D Staff :5 - 10 PeopleMain Products:Saka Mineral Water, Sharjah Dates, Imported Fruit Jams, Saffron,Saka Natural MIneral Water, Address:Business BayMain Markets:Africa, Mid East, Domestic MarketLocation:United Arab EmiratesWebsite:Visit website 

ProductSaka Natural Mineral WaterTekir Spring Mineral WaterDates (From Factory)Fruit Jam 


United Arab Emirates Preserved Fruit Related CompanySAMA BEIRUT FOOD TRADING LLC Portion Jam,Wheat Flour,Tomato Paste,Canned Foods,Rice,Canned Broad Beans,Wheat …Souiss Chocolate Dates DMCC Chocolate Dates,Corporate GiftsCRYSTAL SKY FOODSTUFF TRADING L.L.C. SURAN,GREEN CHILLI,LEMON,DRUMSTICKSketch Advertising & Publishing Printing Advertising,Gift Items,Ramadan GiftsKJS International General Trading LLC furnituresAzzad Dates Factory & Establishment Wholesale Emirates fresh dates,Thermoform vacuum dates,Nitrogen flushed loose dates,Arranged …No1 General Trading Food Stuff,Airline Hospitality Items,Paper & Stationary,Mineral Water,Air condition …ROAD OF DEAL SAFFRON,PICKLE,PISTACHIO,FOOD ITEMSFAJR AL NAHAR STATIONERY TRADING L.L.C ppr pipes,ppr pipes 


CategoryAgricultureFruitPreserved FruitUnited Arab Emirates AgricultureUnited Arab Emirates FruitUnited Arab Emirates Preserved Fruit

Related ProductNon dairyDry FoodfructosePomegranate JuiceFloracaramelpepper powderToppingWhip


Countries   China   India   Indonesia   Malaysia   Pakistan   Turkey   United Kingdom   United States   All Countries

Add your free listing Browse Countries Categories Mobile Version Contact Us © 2015 Companiess.com
 



KFG FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC, UAE 



















Learning Center
Trade Show
Sign In
Join Free
Help













 





                                Products                            

                                Sell Offer                            

                                Buyers                            

                                Companies                            









  Post Sourcing Request                        

















 







KFG FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC


  Office 3403 Churchill Tower, Business Bay,Dubai,Dubai,UAE

  971-4508688





Free Member













 
                            Company Profile                    



 
                            Products
                    



 
                                Sell Offers                        



 
                                Contact Details                        



 
                            Trust Profile                        



 
                            Brochures
                        



 
                            Sign Up
                        











 






 
                        Company Profile



 
                                Product Catalog                                
                        



 
                            Sell Offers                            
                    



 
                        Contact Details                    



 
                        Trust Profile                    



 
                        Brochure Catalog
                        
                    














                    Home


Company 


Food & Beverage


Drinking Water



                KFG FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC            





















                KFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC is one of the reputed trading companies in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, dealing in various kinds of Food Stuffs and Beverages with its dedicated and motivated management/staff team who share philosophy of commitments and services to its customers with high quality standard of their experience.
KFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC has achieved its reputation in short span of time. This success is due to the hard work and excellent in performance and adherences to highest quality standard.
KFG Foodstuff Trading is primarily engaged in the import and distribution of food stuff  in the United Arab Emirates. Most range of products are imported from various countries but still supporting locally produced products. KFG Foodstuff Trading has branches in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain. It supplies hotels, private companies, restaurants and home.
Our Executive Manager Mr. Musab Fawsan who assures best service available range of products.
                  












 Contact Now                        















Product Showcase





 









                                    Saka Natural Mineral Water 
                                









                                    Sweet Farms 
                                









                                    Sharjah Dates Factory 
                                









                                    Saka Natural Mineral Water 
                                















 




Contact This Seller






                        To
                    

Ms. Eve Marie  <KFG FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC>





                        Subject

                    





Message



I want to know



Min Order Qty




Delivery Time




Sample & Cost




Product Catalog



 














 Contact Now








Contact Information





                Contact Person             

                Ms. Eve Marie             



                Company            

                KFG FOODSTUFF TRADING LLC            



                Address            


                Office 3403 Churchill Tower, Business Bay, Dubai, Dubai, UAE

            



                Zip/Postal            

                183757            



                Telephone            

                971-4508688            



                Fax            

                971-4508689            



                Mobile            


                971-528857112            














Basic Information

 Rate this company


 Report Fraud







                        Business Type                    

                                    Trading                         

                    



                        Main Markets                    

                                    Middle East,Worldwide
                        
                    




                        Products / Services                    


                                    main authorize supplier of saka mineral water, sharjah dates and sweet farm's fruit jam
                         

                    




                        Year Established                    

                                    2006                         

                    



                        Number of Employees                    

                                    6-10
                         
                    



                        Website                    

www.kfg.ae









   Factory Information





                        Factory Location                    

                                    Turkey                                    



                        Factory Size                    

                                    3000 sqm to 5000 sqm                                    



                        No. of Production Lines                    


                                    1
                                    



                         Annual Purchase Volume 
                    

                                    Less than 1 Million USD
                                    



                        No. of R&D Staff                    

                                    6 - 10 people                                    



                        Quality Control                    

                                    Third Parties                                    



                        No. of QC Staff                    


                                    6 - 10 people                                    



                        Certificates                    


                                    TS EN ISO 9001:2008                
                    



                        Contract Manufacturing                    

                                     -
                                    








Other Information





                        Registered Capital                    

                                    1 - 2.5 Million USD                                



                        Ownership Type                    

                                    LLC (Limited Liability Corp)                                



                        Legal Representative / CEO                                

                        Musab Fawzan
                                



                        Total Annual Sales Volume                    

                        Less than 1 Million USD                                



                        Export Percentage                    

                                    80                                















                Connect with over 8.7 million businesses globally
            


Join Now










Home


Sell Offer


Buy Offers


Products


Companies


Trade Alert


Premium Services


Hot Products


Trade Show

Canton Fair

Country Search


Women in Trade


About Us


Contact Us


Advertising with us 


 Languages:


English  
                        


 中文 
                         


 العربية 
                         


 Español 
                         


 日本語 
                         


 Français 
                         


 Pусский 
                         












                        All quotes / Products / Company Profiles / Images and other contents are posted by the user, Tradekey shall not be held liable for any such content. However, Tradekey respects the intellectual property, copyright, trademark, trade secret or any other personal or proprietary third party ownership, we expect others to be able to do this. If you have questions, please contact us .

                        

                    












Privacy Policy
                            -
                            Terms

Copyright © 2016  TradeKey.com




 Created in 0.12984 seconds   










×
Share!







Close








































×

Join TradeKey to Buy & Sell Globally










Buyer

Supplier




Select Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (DRC)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao SAR
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Martin
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Kitts and Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Vincent
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
UAE
Uganda
UK
Ukraine
Uruguay
US Virgin Islands
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe





states




cities

















													Show Password
												







Fill in the product, you want to buy / sell, comma separated 











Select Industry
AgricultureApparel & ClothingAutomobilesBeauty & Personal CareBusiness ServicesChemicalsComputer Hardware & SoftwareConstruction & Real EstateConsumer ElectronicsElectrical & Electronics SuppliesEnergy ProductsEnvironmentExcess InventoryFashion AccessoriesFood & BeverageFurnitureGifts & CraftsHardware & Mechanical PartsHealth & MedicinesHome & GardenHome AppliancesIndustrial MachineryJewelry & WatchesLights & LightingLuggage & BagsMeasurement InstrumentsMinerals & MetallurgyOffice & School SuppliesPackaging & PrintingRubber & PlasticsSecurity & ProtectionShoes & FootwearSports & EntertainmentTelecommunicationsTextile & Leather ProductsToolsToysTransportation 





skype.com
gmail.com
hotmail.com
live.com
msn.com
yahoo.com
QQ
WeChat
ymail.com
aol.com






       



					                    	* By joining, I agree to TradeKey.com
					                    	Terms of Use,

					                    	Privacy Policy,
					                    	IPR
					                    	and receive emails related to our services.
					                    
Continue
Not Now
Join Now!























Login
					  		
×


Are you new to TradeKey? 
								Register Here












Forgot your password?
							Click here
							







Login


























KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC - SAKA Mineral Water, Sharjah Dates and Sweet Farm's Fruit Jam.















Make 21food.com your home page | Add to   Favorites

Sign In | Join Now | Posting Buying   Leads | Help |

















Home
Suppliers
For Sellers
For Buyers 
Tradeshow
News
My 21Food






Aquatic Product  |
            
            Canned Food  |
            
            Machinery  |
            
            


Agricultural Product 


Fruit & Vegetable 


Ingredients & Additives 


Grain & Cereal 


Wine & Beverage 
















          Products


          Sell


          Buy


          Companies









Select Country/Region














KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC











Company Info
Product List
Trade Leads
Online Inquiry





Company Info




K F G FOODSTUFF TRADING has carved a niche for itself by bringing in a number of world leading products and brands into the GCC market to meet its volatile demands. We constantly keep a look out for new interesting opportunities and strive to be a first-mover in our chosen fields.

 
K F G FOODSTUFF TRADING L.L.C. is building good and strong relationship between suppliers of famous international and local brands and the corporate customers and consumers in the region. Although it is a recent name in the market, it has been growing rapidly in the market by adding many channels of distribution using the logistics team and the management officers.


We are committed to achieve excellence in the quality of our products and services. We work with a customer oriented approach and we aim to deliver to them the true value of money by ensuring to them the quality of food products, efficient deliveries, competitive prices and excellent after sales service.
Being one of the best importing and re-exporting houses it is our prime concern to store and pack the products in the most hygienic conditions. We have tie up with leading producers in the world whose plants has the latest & advanced machinery for inspection, quality control, storage & packaging in the most hygienic manner.

 


 
We are prominent suppliers of leading brands and other non-perishable food items in the Emirate and surrounding countries. Currently KFG Foodstuff Trading is the main authorized supplier for SAKA Mineral Water, Sharjah Dates and Sweet Farm's Fruit Jam.



Basic Information


 Main Products:
 SAKA Mineral Water, Sharjah Dates and Sweet Farm's Fruit Jam.


Company Type: 
 Trade


Business Range: 
 Beverages , Food Packaging , Fruit , Others , Snack Foods , 


Number of Employees: 
 < 20


Established Year: 
 2006


Total Annual Sales Volume: 
 US$1   Million - US$2.5 Million


Main Markets: 
 Eastern Europe,Southeast Asia,Mid East,Eastern Asia,Western Europe,




Products










Sweet Farms - Fruit Jam








Sharjah Dates








SAKA Mineral Water






Contact Information 




Company Name :
KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC


Address :
3403 Churchill Tower, Business Bay, Dubai 
                  Dubai   Dubai   United Arab Emirates 


Zip : 
183757


Tel : 
971- 4- 4508688


Mobile Phone : 
052-8857112


Skype Name : 
kfg.foodstuff


Fax : 
971- 4- 4508688 


Website : 



Contact Person (Administration) : 
Eve Morales









Email this page
 
Bookmark this page







About 21Food | 
      Premium Membership | 
      Terms of Service | 
      Privacy Policy | 
      Advertisement | 
      
      Contact us | 
      Site Map










Products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Companies









    
    
	Copyright 2002-2017 Food & Beverage Online. All rights reserved.   ICP NO.:Zhe B2-20090288-2


 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft





























KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC - Saka Mineral Water,Sharjah dates













































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            






















































KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC




United Arab Emirates






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More















Add to My Favorites









































KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC








	    		Unverified members are users who have unverified or insufficient company information associated with their Alibaba.com account. 
	    	









How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Contacts








How do I set this?
















                            Company Introduction
            			






Ms. Eve Morales



Loading...





		Contact Supplier
	











                            Business Type:
                        


                            Location:
                        


                            Year Established:
                        


                            Main Products:
                        


                            Main Markets:
                        


                            Total Employees:
                        




                                                            Trading Company, Agent, Distributor/Wholesaler                                                    

                                                            United Arab Emirates                                                    

                                                            2006                                                    

                                                            Saka Mineral Water,Sharjah dates,imported Fruit Jams,Saffron                                                    

                                                            Africa, Mid East, Domestic Market                                                    

                                                            5 - 10 People                                                    




Learn more about us









How do I set this?









                            Main Products
            			










Fruit Jam







Dates (From Factory)

Min. Order: 1 Twenty-Foot Container	    					







Saka Natural Mineral Water









Tekir Spring Mineral Water










How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?











KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC




United Arab Emirates






Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?









                            Product Categories
            			




Tekir Natural Spring Water


Saka Natural MIneral Water


Ungrouped

See All Categories








How do I set this?
























How do I set this?






  





 






 
























KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC , United Arab Emirates , Agriculture
















Home
Categories
Region/Country
Post Sell/Buy Offers Free
My Account

 




Position : Company List ››
United Arab Emirates ›› Dubai United Arab Emirates ›› Agriculture ›› Fruit









KFG Foodstuff Trading LLC



Company Description
KFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC is one of the reputed trading companies in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, dealing in various kinds of Food Stuffs and Beverages with its dedicated and motivated management/staff team who share philosophy of commitments and services to its customers with high quality standard of their experience.KFG Foodstuff Trading, LLC has achieved its reputation in short span of time. This success is due to the hard work and excellent in performance and adherences to highest quality standard.KFG Foodstuff Trading is primarily engaged in the import and distribution of food stuff in the United Arab Emirates. Most range of products are imported from various countries but still supporting locally produced products. KFG Foodstuff Trading has branches in Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain. It supplies hotels, private companies, restaurants and home.Our Executive Manager Mr. Musab Fawsan who assures best service available range of products.

Company Information

Country/Region: United Arab Emirates 
Address: Business Bay
Operational Address: 3403 Churchill Tower, Business Bay, Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Website: http://kfg.ae
Business Type: Trading Company, Agent, Distributor/Wholesaler
Main Products: Saka Mineral Water, Sharjah Dates, Imported Fruit Jams, Saffron, Tekir Natural Spring Water, Saka Natural MIneral Water, 
Location: United Arab Emirates
Year Established: 2006
Number Of Employess: 5 - 10 People
Main Markets: Africa, Mid East, Domestic Market
Average Lead Time: 15 Day(s)
Trade Capacity: Africa : 33.33% Mid East : 33.33%
Production Capacity: - -
R&D Capacity: No. of R&D Staff :5 - 10 People



Contact info

Contact Person: Ms. Eve Morales
Department: Administrative
Job Title: Admin Assistant
Telephone: 
Mobilephone: 
Fax Number: 
Zip/Post Code: 183757






Related Product



Saka Natural Mineral Water
Tekir Spring Mineral Water
Dates (From Factory)
Fruit Jam





United Arab Emirates Preserved Fruit Related Company 



MANARA FOOD PROCESSING L.L.C Fruit Jam,Marmalade,Purees,Fillings,Honey
CRYSTAL SKY FOODSTUFF TRADING L.L.C. SURAN,GREEN CHILLI,LEMON,DRUMSTICK
Sketch Advertising & Publishing Printing Advertising,Gift Items,national day gifts,Ramadan Gifts
Souiss Chocolate Dates DMCC Chocolate Dates,Corporate Gifts
KJS International General Trading LLC furnitures
Fajr Al Nahar Stationery Trading L.L.C A-ONE, PHOTO COPY PAPER A-ONE, A 4 PAPER
Azzad Dates Factory & Establishment Wholesale Emirates fresh dates,Thermoform vacuum dates,Nitrogen flushed loose dates,Arranged ...
ROAD OF DEAL SAFFRON,PICKLE,PISTACHIO,FOOD ITEMS
SAMA BEIRUT FOOD TRADING LLC Portion Jam,Wheat Flour,Tomato Paste,Canned Foods,Rice,Oil,Canned Broad Beans,Wheat ...





Relevant Companies



Hunan Fu Qiang Special Ceramic Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Ceramic Crucible Serials,Laboratory Porcelainwares,Electronic Ceramics,Project ...Ausmos Pty Ltd Reverse Osmosis, Microfiltration, Ultrafiltration, Ion Exchange, Foam Fractionationstormmachinery Spraypainting EquipmentShenzhenpengfengprecisonhardwareco.,Ltd OEMmetal stamping, odm hardware stamped, customised hardware punching, pressedCool Rite Cooler Co. INC. Water Coolers, Louisiana's Cooler Specialist Since 1947, Oasis, Elkay, Sunroc, Haws, Halsey ...Bestar China Ltd, plastic injection mold, plastic mouldSuntime Precision Mould Manufacturing Co., Ltd plastic mould, die-casting mould, Machinary components, rubber&plasticsTENWANT Co.,LTD carbon filters,gas filters,carbon nonwoven,carbon foam,air cleaner filters,activated ...BARANSAY Fuel Dispensers, Flowmeters, Transfer Equipments,Measurement & Meter,Pumps Vacuum Equipment ...farasarina S2FLOW,RO,UVNingbo Sanwave Mould Manufacturing Co.,Ltd die casting, mould, aluminium casting, radiatorCepex India PVC Ball Valves,PVC Butterfly Actuated Check Valve,Industry,WATER,Irrigation ... 






Categories



AgricultureUnited Arab Emirates AgricultureDubai AgricultureFruitUnited Arab Emirates FruitDubai FruitPreserved FruitUnited Arab Emirates Preserved FruitDubai Preserved Fruit 

















Business Directory

Contact Us
Browse Countries
Category
MOBILE VERSION






 Copyright listcompany.org . All Rights Reserved.




