



 







Vivek Khemka | About DISH




















Login





HQ base theme
 

DISH Newsroom HomeAbout DISHExecutive Bios
Awards


DISH NewsNews Releases
Policy Blog
News Coverage


DISH Cares
Images & VideosLogos
Images
Videos


Contact Us
Email Alerts




  

Home

 

 



DISH Newsroom Home




                        Vivek Khemka          













 






      Vivek Khemka          

    Vivek Khemka  



Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 



      Download Photos          





Vivek2DKhemka1.jpg (13.29 KB) 

Vivek_Khemka.jpg (4.24 MB) 

Vivek_Khemka.jpg (3.25 MB) 











EmailPDFPrintRSS 



Vivek Khemka is Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer for DISH. He oversees the development and execution of technology strategy for DISH and Sling TV, and manages DISH’s product roadmaps, video, online and mobile, user experience, broadband and commercial products. Vivek also served as DISH’s interim Chief Marketing Officer from Nov. 2010 to June 2011.
Vivek led the product and marketing launch of DISH’s HopperTM Whole-Home HD DVR, an award-winning set-top box recognized by the Consumer Technology Association, CNET, Popular Mechanics and PC Magazine.
In August 2016, Vivek added to his duties the role of Acting President of Echostar Technologies. In this additional role, Vivek oversees engineering, product development, supply chain management and uplink operations.
Before his time at DISH, Vivek worked at Danaher, Motorola and McKinsey & Co.
Vivek earned his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur. He has his Master of Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon University, where he graduated with the Elliot Dunlap Smith Award. While there, he also received the Entrepreneur of the Year for co-founding SmartOps, a supply chain management software company.
Vivek enjoys traveling, biking and spending time with his wife and two children.




      Download Photos          





Vivek2DKhemka1.jpg (13.29 KB) 

Vivek_Khemka.jpg (4.24 MB) 

Vivek_Khemka.jpg (3.25 MB) 














 
 
 

 




Navigate DISH Newsroom



About DISH
DISH News
DISH Cares
Images & Videos
Contact Us
Email Alerts



Visit Other DISH Sites



Investor Relations
DISH Careers
DISH Cares
DISH.com
DishLATINO
DISH for Business
DISH International


DISH Media Sales
DISH High-Speed Internet
Smart Phone Repair
Sling TV






DISH



DISHNews











 




©
            , DISH Network L.L.C. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Business Wire NewsHQsm












    Vivek Khemka | DISH Network L.L.C | ZoomInfo.com










  Vivek Khemka, DISH : Second Screen Summit NYC 2013




























 






Home
Final Program
Sponsorship Opportunities
Venue Information
About
Contact Us
Presentations
Previous Events






Vivek Khemka, DISH

			May 31, 2013 · Posted in Speakers  
		
Vivek Khemka
Senior Vice President of Product Management
DISH
Vivek Khemka, Senior Vice President of Product Management at DISH since 2009, manages the company’s video, online and mobile, broadband and commercial products. In this capacity, he oversees the development and execution of product roadmaps, strategy, pricing and the user experience. Khemka also served as DISH’s interim Chief Marketing Officer from Nov. 2010 to June 2011.
Before his time at DISH, Khemka was Director of Business Development at Danaher from 2007 to 2009, responsible for assessing opportunities and leading acquisitions in new and existing market spaces. For six years prior, he served as Senior Director at Motorola Mobile Devices where he created and led the mobile internet and social networking teams.
Notably, Khemka was honored by Carnegie Mellon University as Entrepreneur of the Year for his work on SmartOps, a supply chain optimization company he founded in 2000. He also led the product and marketing launch of DISH’s HopperTM Whole-Home HD DVR, an award-winning set-top box recognized by the Consumer Electronics Association, CNET, Popular Mechanics and PC Magazine.
Khemka earned his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, where he received the Tata Consultancy Services Award for best undergraduate project. He has his Master of Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon University where he graduated with the Elliot Dunlap Smith Award, the university’s most prestigious student award for excellent academic achievement.
Khemka enjoys traveling, biking and spending time with his wife and two children.






Conference Chairs










 Guy Finley, MESA & 2nd Screen Society








 Chuck Parker, 2nd Screen Society






Keynote Speakers


Robert Tercek
Chairman
 Creative Visions
 

Steve Youngwood
Executive Vice President and General Manager, Digital
 Nickelodeon




Speakers










 Ben Arnold, NPD Group








 Justin Bailey, NPD Group








 Jeff Baumgartner, Multichannel News








 David Beck, Univision








 Trevor Branon, Boxfish








 Mark Budash, Microsoft Xbox SmartGlass








 Tom Campbell, Video & Audio Center








 Fabrizio Capobianco, TOK.tv








 David Cohn, Shazam








 Mick Darling, Tomorrowish








 Chad DePue, Inaka Networks








 Mark Donnigan, Dune HD








 Shawn DuBravac, Consumer Electronics Association








 Jeroen Elfferich, Ex Machina








 Meghann Elrhoul, Trendrr








 Thomas Engdahl, Magic Ruby








 Paul Farkas, Social.TV








 Brian Fitzgerald, Jefferies & Co.








 Jason Forbes, Zeebox








 Renaud Fuchs, Alvarez and Marsal








 Mark Ghuneim, Trendrr








 George Hammer, Digitas








 Christie Hartbarger, YuMe








 Shane Higby, Samsung Electronics








 Patty Hirsch, CBS Interactive Advanced Media








 Alex Holub, Vidora








 Colin Hornett, iPowow








 Jeanette Howe, Specialty Electronics Nationwide








 Rick Howe,The iTV Doctor








 Anil Jain, Unicorn Media








 Dave Kaplan, NBCUniversal








 Richard Kastelein, Managing Director, Expathos








 Sue Kaufman, Group M








 Vivek Khemka, DISH








 Christy King, UFC








 Mark Lee, LG Electronics








 Scott Levine, Univision Interactive








 Rick Liebling Director, Y&R Advertising








 Andy Liu, BuddyTV








 Jeremy Lockhorn, Razorfish








 Tara Maitra, TiVo








 Stefan Maris, Civolution








 Stephanie Misar, MHz Networks








 Katie Morse, Billboard








 Kelly Moulton, Never.no








 Ashwin Navin, Flingo








 Shelly Palmer, Marketing and Technology Consultant








 Prashanth Pappu, Unicorn Media








 Jesse Redniss, USA Network








 Jonathan Ruff, ARRIS








 Rob Sadler, Dish








 David Scatterday, DG








 Adam Sexton, Samsung Media Solution Center America








 Brian Siegel, Sony








 Evan Silverman, A+E Networks








 Gregory Tarr, TWICE Magazine








 Jeremy Toeman, Dijit Media








 Mike Treff, Code and Theory








 D.P. Venkatesh, mPortal








 Alan Wolk, KIT digital








 Robert Zohn, Value Electronics









Register

On-Site Registration Is Available



Title sponsor





Gold Sponsors





silver sponsor






bronze sponsor







CE Week in NYC





Produced by





Presented by


  





association partners

 





Previous Events

 












Copyright © 2017 · Second Screen Summit NYC 2013

 Powered by: Sfera Interactive





RSS FeedComments







Home
Final Program
Sponsorship Opportunities
Venue Information
About
Contact Us
Presentations
Previous Events










Vivek Khemka, Dish Network Corp: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Vivek Khemka

Exec VP/CTO,
Dish Network Corp






Career History




Acting Pres:Technologies
Echostar Corp, 8/2016-PRESENT


Exec VP/CTO
Dish Network Corp, 12/2015-PRESENT


Senior VP:Product Management
Dish Network Corp, 4/2012-12/2015


Interim Chief Marketing Ofcr
Dish Network Corp, UNKNOWN-4/2012



Dish Network Corp, FORMER



Danaher Corp, FORMER



Motorola Solutions Inc, FORMER



Mckinsey & Co Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.dish.com






Corporate Information
Address:

9601 South Meridian Blvd
Englewood, CO 80112
United States


Phone:
1-303-723-1000


Fax:
1-303-723-1999


Web url:
www.dish.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



Indian Institute of Technology
Bachelor's Degree, Electrical Engineering


Carnegie Mellon University
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Vivek Khemka - One Day Immersion


































































Connecting Top Media Executives With Future Industry Leaders







Connecting Top Media Executives With Future Industry Leaders

















                                        Home                





                                        About                








                                        Executive Committee                





                                        Advisory Committee                 





                                        In the News                









                                        Denver                








                                        Speakers                









                                        New York                








                                        Speakers                









                                        Sponsors                





                                        Executives                





                                        Students                





                                        Stars & Scholars                








                                        2016 Student Stars                





                                        2015 NYC Student Stars                





                                         2014 NYC Student Stars                 





                                        2015 Denver Student Stars                 









                                        Past Conferences                





                                        Contact                


 






































Home

 




					Vivek Khemka				




























Senior Vice President, Product Management
Vivek Khemka, Senior Vice President of Product Management at DISH since 2009, manages the company’s video, online and mobile, broadband and commercial products. In this capacity, he oversees the development and execution of product roadmaps, strategy, pricing and the user experience. Khemka also served as DISH’s interim Chief Marketing Officer from Nov. 2010 to June 2011.
Before his time at DISH, Khemka was Director of Business Development at Danaher from 2007 to 2009, responsible for assessing opportunities and leading acquisitions in new and existing market spaces. For six years prior, he served as Senior Director at Motorola Mobile Devices where he created and led the mobile internet and social networking teams.
Notably, Khemka was honored by Carnegie Mellon University as Entrepreneur of the Year for his work on SmartOps, a supply chain optimization company he founded in 2000. He also led the product and marketing launch of DISH’s HopperTM Whole-Home HD DVR, an award- winning set-top box recognized by the Consumer Electronics Association, CNET, Popular Mechanics and PC Magazine.
Khemka earned his Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, where he received the Tata Consultancy Services Award for best undergraduate project. He has his Master of Business Administration from Carnegie Mellon University where he graduated with the Elliot Dunlap Smith Award, the university’s most prestigious student award for excellent academic achievement.
Khemka enjoys traveling, biking and spending time with his wife and two children. 






































EchoStar Drops ‘Sage’ Home Security/Automation Product Line | Multichannel



































Skip to main content





 



Broadcasting and Cable
TV Technology
TVB Europe
Next TV
NYC Television Week
MoreAV/PRO AUDIO
AV-IQ
AudioMedia.com
AudioProInternational.com
AVNetwork.com
Installation-International.com
MixOnline.com
ProSoundNetwork.com
PSNEurope.com
ResidentialSystems.com
BROADCAST/RADIO/TV/VIDEO
Broadcast.it
CreativePlanetNetwork.com
GovernmentVideo.com
Licensing.biz
RadioMagOnline.com
RadioWorld.com
TV Tech Global
CONSUMER ELECTRONICS/GAMING
BikeBiz.com
Develop-Online.net
eSports Pro
MVCuk.com
Mobile-ent.biz
PCR-Online.biz
Twice.com
ToyNews-Online.biz
EDUCATION
Eduwire.com
SchoolCIO.com
TechLearning.com
MUSIC
BassPlayer.com
Emusician.com
GuitarAficionado.com
GuitarPlayer.com
GuitarWorld.com
KeyboardMag.com
MI-Pro.co.uk
MusicWeek.com
RevolverMag.com








































 







 







 









 
 

 













 































Search 




 












News

Back To Main
All News

Policy

Back To NEWS
All Policy
National Regulations
State Laws/Frachising
Courts
FCC



Distribution

Back To NEWS
All Distribution
Cable Operators
Telco TV
Internet Video
Satellite
OTT



Content

Back To NEWS
All Content
Networks
Programming
Ratings
Sports
VOD



Finance

Back To NEWS
All Finance
Carriage Deals
Retransmission Content
Transactions
Stocks/Earnings
Research



Marketing

Back To NEWS
All Marketing
Advertising
Social Media
Customer Service
Multicultural



Technology

Back To NEWS
All Technology
Broadband
Wireless
Video
Mobile
Voice



TV Everywhere

Back To NEWS
All TV Everywhere
TV Apps
Advanced Services
Interactive TV
HD TV
3D





Blogs

Back To Main
All BLOGS
As I Was Saying
Capital Letters
MCN Guest Blog
Mixed Signals
My Turn
On the Money
Picture This
Reynolds Rap
The Bauminator
Translation Please
Viewpoint



Events

Back To Main
All Events
Multichannel Events
Webinars
Industry Calendar
Cable TV Conventions
TV Awrds Shows



Images

Back To Main
All Images
Videos
Photos



Tech

Back To Main
Broadband
Mobile
The Bauminator
Translation Please
Video
Voice
Wireless



Subscribe

Back To Main
Subscibe
All Access Login
Newsletters
Digital Edition
Customer Service
Current Issue
Archive




















Search 




 























Aug
10
2016







Technology

EchoStar Drops ‘Sage’ Home Security/Automation Product Line
EchoStar president Mark Jackson leaving company, to be succeeded by Dish CTO Vivek Khemka (Updated) 
8/10/2016  9:19 AM Eastern
Last updated at 9/03/2016  11:33 AM
 

By: Jeff  Baumgartner Follow @thebauminator  









There are big changes afoot at EchoStar, Dish Network’s technology and set-top spin-off, as the company has decided to exit the retail home security/automation market while also announcing that long-time president Mark Jackson is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.
 
EchoStar made note of Jackson’s departure in this SEC filing. Jackson, who joined EchoStar/Dish in 1993 as director of engineering, has been president of EchoStar Technologies since 2004, and has played a major role in product development at the company through the years.
 
“The entire EchoStar management team wishes Mark the best and we’ll miss his friendship and contribution,” Mike Dugan, EchoStar’s CEO, said Tuesday on the company’s Q2 earnings call.
 
Dugan said he has Vivek Khemka, recently promoted to CTO at Dish Network (from SVP of product management), to succeed Jackson, and will be transitioning between roles “over the next few months.”  Dish has been asked if it has yet named a successor CTO. 
 
Update: Dish confirmed that Khemka will remain CTO of Dish and will be an employee of both companies. Satellite Business News reported Monday (August 8) that EchoStar informed the 100 to 150 employees who worked in Atlanta-based Sage facility that they would be losing their jobs as a result of the decision to shut down the product line.
 
Dugan said the decision to discontinue its Sage By Hughes product represents an “initial cut” as EchoStar looks to focus on “areas that we are confident will produce positive bottom line impact.”
 
EchoStar didn’t give Sage much time to resonate in the market. Sage By Hughes was launched as a retail, do-it-yourself product in March, and later announced support for products from Google’s Nest division.  A key cog in Sage’s engine is a “hub” that connects to TVs. EchoStar has not release any sales figures on Sage, which had been selling a basic Starter Kit for $199.99 along other packages and platform accessories that can be purchased separately.
 
“Although the product had a number of groundbreaking features, a dramatic change in the competitive landscape, heavily impacted our chance of this product [to achieve] a significant positive long-term results for EchoStar,” Dugan said.
 
Dugan later said the decision to get out of that business comes amid the rise of general competition and amid the emergence of small startups that have come on the scene. He said it was deemed more prudent to focus on other parts of EchoStar’s business.
 
“I still think the product has potential. It has some great features and so on but for EchoStar we just weren't ready to proceed with that at this time,” he said. “ETC will continue to develop consumer-facing products and we will take some hard lessons learned from our SAGE efforts,” citing other recently introduced products for Dish such as the HopperGO and voice remote.
 
EchoStar’s decision to exit home security and automation also comes as Comcast looks to double down its efforts following its recent deal to acquire a big piece of Icontrol. For a more detailed look at how service providers are targeting the smart home market, see this week’s Multichannel News cover story (subscription required).
 
Dugan said EchoStar will also “continue to heavily invest and develop the Sling TV service,” referring to Dish’s OTT-TV service.
 
EchoStar posted Q2 revenues of $757.62 million, down from $793.59 million in the year-ago quarter, and net income of $55.9 million, up from $31.01 million.
 
EchoStar Technology revenues dropped from $315 million to $332 million due to lower equipment sales to Dish and international customers, but were partly offset to increases in billing to Dish to support Sling TV and other engineering services.
 
 




 

 
  Want to read more stories like this?
  Get our Free Newsletter Here!



        Tags:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                EchoStar,   Sage by Hughes,   smart home,   Home Security,   home automation


 




Share This Post


 

 




View the discussion thread. 





PR Feed: 




Tru Optik and comScore Collaborate to Improve In-Demo Delivery for OTT Advertisers
Comcast Business VoiceEdge Adds Integration with Microsoft Office 365 and to Help Enhance Business Productivity
Telestream Vidchecker 7.2 Verifies File-based Content Complies with Netflix IMF Requirements
Calrec Products at IBC2017
The H Collective to Release Wolf Warrior 2 on July 28
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS  Renewal Deal also includes Feature Film-Driven TV5MONDE Cinema
SUCCESS OF VOYAGE LEADS TV5MONDE AND SONIFI SOLUTIONS TO EXTEND NATIONAL HOTEL CHANNEL DEAL FOR 2-YEARS
HBO Sports Renews Multi-Year Deal With ‘Real Sports’ Correspondent Andrea Kremer
A+E Networks To Release All-New Short-Form Series ‘Chloe Does It!’ Exclusively on YouTube





















 













Newsletter Signup

Free E-Newsletters
 Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters







 
















 











Talkback
Trending



View All →



Chris Ruddy's NewsMax Slams Sinclair-Tribune Merger


Charter Adds Wireless Exec Manish Jindal


Comcast Starts to Deploy 4K/HDR X1 Box


What A&E Wants You to Know About ‘Live PD’


Charter Targets Cord-Cutters With ‘Spectrum TV Stream’

















 









Related Stories


Programmers Upgrade Skills for the Echo Show
Jeff  Baumgartner - 6/29/2017 10:20:00 AM America/New_York
A batch of programmers said they have upgraded their

Apple Gears Up for VR, AR
Jeff  Baumgartner - 6/05/2017 03:57:00 PM America/New_York
Amid the slew of announcements Apple made Monday at

Comcast Flips Switch on Another Xfinity Home Partner
Jeff  Baumgartner - 5/17/2017 12:04:00 PM America/New_York
Adding another third-party to the Xfinity Home product
 
 








Subscribe Now



 









 


















Freeze Frame






Freeze Frame -- July 10, 2017





Next Wave of Leaders





VIDWeek 2017 





Freeze Frame -- June 19, 2017





Freeze Frame -- June 5, 2017





Freeze Frame -- May 22, 2017





Freeze Frame -- May 15, 2017





Freeze Frame -- April 17, 2017




See All →
 







 
 


















 








 
 
















Title II Fans Launch Phase II of ProtestHulu Hires Kelly Campbell as Chief Marketing Officer Primetime Ratings: ‘Big Brother’ Leads CBS to Sunday WinFCC Reauthorization Would End Media Cross-ownership BanTIS17: Arris, TiVo Connect on New Set-Top Lineup 



Shively Names Gillespie VP of Broadcast SalesAM Ground SystemsNTIA Says It’s Time to Ditch Obsolete PTFP RegulationsAlaska Station Faces Proposed $66K FineRadio Spider Simplifies Importing 



The Innovative Underwater Production of 'Chasing Coral'Prime-Time Presidency: Producing 'The Reagan Show'Automatic for the People: Editing and Your FutureDarkness Falls: The Origins of 'Ozark''City of Ghosts:' Video is the Weapon of Choice 



4K Tested and Approved: A Webinar Redefining Your Media WorkflowArtel Focusing on IP Migration at IBC 2017EditShare Spotlights Flow MAM Platform at IBC 2017The Effects of New Formats on LoudnessOTT: The Challenges of Infrastructure 









 



 













 








 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 






















Dr. Vivek Khemka, MD | Scottsdale, AZ | Oncologist























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Vivek Khemka MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Vivek Khemka
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT


























Dr. Vivek Khemka MD 







Hematology and Oncology Scottsdale, AZ



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Vivek Khemka xhas an overall rating of 4.6.







4.6
 








47 patient ratings1 comment





Have you seen Dr. Vivek Khemka before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Vivek Khemka, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Scottsdale, AZ, with another office in Goodyear, AZ. He has 10 years of experience. His specialties include Hematology and Oncology, Internal Medicine, Medical Oncology and Geriatric Medicine.                    Dr. Khemka is affiliated with                            St Joseph's Hospital,                            St. Joseph`s Hospital and Medical Center - Phoenix and                            Mayo Clinic Hospital.
                 He speaks English.



                            7
                        

Awards









                              Patients rate and review their physicians based on criteria of care including bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up. Patients also provide their doctor with an overall ratings. Vitals analyzes these ratings annually, along with other quality measures, to identify and award the top physicians.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            2
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Vivek Khemka has the following 11 areas of expertise,  4 specialties and 2 board certifications.                     


                                4
                            

Specialties

                                    For the best health care, select a doctor who specializes in your medical condition.
                                
View all






                                11
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                2
                            

Board Certifications

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Lung Cancer


Get the facts about lung cancer, including how many people get it and what increases your risk for developing it.

view care guide





more health guides


Birth Control
Metastatic Melanoma
Skin Cancer
Type 2 Diabetes
Urinary Incontinence
Breast Cancer
Cancer
Chemotherapy
COPD








Locations & Directions











Honor Healthcare
10510 N 92nd St
Scottsdale, AZ 85258

Phone Number
Get Directions














Ctca at Western Regional Medical Center
14200 W Celebrate Life Way
Goodyear, AZ 85338

Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Vivek Khemka, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Scottsdale, AZ.






Dr. Jasgit Sachdev 



Scottsdale, AZ


4.2 








13 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Erkut Borazanci 



Scottsdale, AZ


 Write a Review


9 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Veena Fauble 



Scottsdale, AZ


5.0 








10 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT














ttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr

Have you visited Dr. Vivek Khemka
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find an Oncologist
>            
AZ
>            
Scottsdale Oncologists
>            Dr. Vivek Khemka, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















