 Portfolio — All Companies | Khosla Ventures                                   All Companies  60db60dB brings you today’s best short-form audio stories – news, sports, entertainment, business and technology, all personalized for you.Academia.edu Case StudyAcademia.edu is a platform for academics to share their research, monitor deep analytics around the impact of their research and track the research of academics they follow. The company’s mission is to accelerate the world’s research.AffirmAffirm’s mission is to deliver honest financial products to improve lives. Affirm uses modern technology to re-imagine and re-build core components of financial infrastructure from the ground up. The company is focused on improving the lives of everyday consumers with less expensive, more transparent financial products.AliveCorAliveCor has a device and application that will turn any smartphone into a clinical-quality electrocardiogram (ECG) recorder. The company is dedicated to enabling users to take control of their heart health.AltaRock EnergyAltaRock Energy is a full-service geothermal energy technology and services company. AltaRock’s experienced team, innovative technology and creative approach turns under performing assets into highly profitable energy projects, building and operating the geothermal power plants of the future.Alveo EnergyAlveo Energy is developing a completely new high power, long cycle life, low-cost battery technology for stationary and select transit applications.AmbriAmbri is developing an electricity storage solution that will change the way electric grids are operated worldwide. Ambri will enable more widespread use of renewable generation like wind and solar, reduce power prices and increase system reliability.Amyris AlumniAmyris delivers high-performance alternatives to petroleum-based products across a wide range of consumer and industry segments. They have developed innovative microbial engineering and screening technologies that modify the way microorganisms process sugars. Amyris is using its proprietary synthetic biology platform to design microbes, primarily yeast, and use them as living factories in established fermentation processes to convert plant-sourced sugars into renewable hydrocarbons.AppNexusAppNexus is a technology company that provides trading solutions and powers marketplaces for Internet advertising. Its open, unified and powerful programmatic platform empowers customers to more effectively buy and sell media, allowing them to innovate, differentiate and transform their businesses.ArevoArevo manufactures high performance composite thermoplastic filaments for additive manufacturing.   





Vinod Khosla and Sun Microsystems (A)
















































MENU

 





 













SUGGESTED TOPICS








 

 


Subscribe



  Hi, 




Sign In
Register






Items added to cart

Your Shopping Cart is empty.
Visit our store




 









MY LIBRARY
TOPIC FEEDS
PURCHASES
ACTIVITY
ACCOUNT SETTINGS
EMAIL PREFERENCES
LOG OUT










SUGGESTED TOPICS





















HBR STORE
 > 
Case Studies
 > 
Innovation & Entrepreneurship






Vinod Khosla and Sun Microsystems (A)
case study
Amar V. Bhide


















 Save
 Share












8.95



 Save
 Share





Format
				




PDF
Hardcopy Black & White






Format


PDF
Hardcopy Black & White



Language

English
English









Add copyright permissions.
							Quantity discounts.



Number of Copyright Permissions









Language

English



Quantity





Buying for your team?  





Add to cart
			












Description



Access to case studies expires six months after purchase date.



Publication Date: September 28, 1989

 Describes how Vinod Khosla got Sun Microsystems started, and a critical marketing challenge the company faced at the end of the first year. Objective is to illustrate how bold creative thinking can make or break start-ups.


Product #: 390049-PDF-ENG

Pages: 30


Related Topics:

Innovation
IT
Marketing






How to Download



To download this product after your purchase, simply sign-in to hbr.org and visit the "Purchases" area of your account.




Education & Student Discounts




Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu
					, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.
					

Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at 
					hbsp.harvard.edu.
					











Business Bookshelf
Summaries and excerpts of the latest books, special offers, and more from Harvard Business Review Press.





Sign up





Signed up









          Loading...     


    Customers Who Viewed This Item Also Viewed        Loading...      


                      


       1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-4 copies  $8.95   5-10 copies  $8.75     11-49 copies  $8.50   50-499 copies  $8.25     500+  $8.00      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $3.75   10-49  $3.50     50–499  $3.25   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $4.50   10-49  $4.00     50–499  $3.50   500+  $3.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  $9.50   10-49  $8.50     50–499  $7.50   500+  $7.00    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50–99  30% off list   100-499  40% off list     500–999  45% off list   1000-2499  50% off list     2500+  55% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-250  list price   251-500  10% off list     501-1000  20% off list   1001–2000  25% off list     2001+  30% off list      Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  10% off list     50-99  20% off list   100+  30% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.         1-9  list price   10-49  20% off list     50-499  30% off list   500+  40% off list    Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order.      When you place your first order on HBR.org and enter your credit card information and shipping address, 'Speed-Pay' ordering is enabled. 'Speed-Pay' is a service that saves the credit card details from your most recent purchase and allows you to re-use that card for future purchases. If you click the Speed-Pay button on any product detail page, your order will be charged to the most recent credit card information attached to your account and shipped (if applicable) to the last address we have on file for you. For more details   Educators: Register as a Premium Educator at hbsp.harvard.edu, plan a course, and save your students up to 50% with your academic discount.   Students: Tell your instructors about the savings at hbsp.harvard.edu.   _____________________     1-4  $8.95 each   5-10  $8.75 each     11-49  $8.50 each   50-499  $8.25 each     500+  $8.00 each     Note: Quantity pricing discounts will be reflected at Checkout, prior to submitting your order. If you need to make additional copies to distribute, please purchase copyright permission.      Ebook: A digital book provided in three formats (PDF, ePub, and Mobi) for the price of one.  Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Hardcopy, paperback, softbound, magazine: Physical copy shipped from our warehouse to your requested shipping location. PDF: PDF digital file. Accessible within “My Library” upon purchase. Bundle: A themed collection containing two or more items at a special savings. Note: Some of our products are available in other languages besides English, for example a “Spanish PDF” format means you will receive a PDF in the Spanish language.    A security code is added protection against credit card fraud. It is a 3 or 4 digit number appearing on the front or back of your credit card. See examples below.  Visa and Mastercard The security code has 3 digits and appears on the BACK of the card in the signature panel. American Express  The Card Identification Number (CID/4DBC) is a four-digit, non-embossed (flat) number that is printed on every American Express Card. The CID/4DBC is ALWAYS located ABOVE the embossed (raised) account number on the face of the card. In some instances, the CID/4DBC is located on the left side of the card, but is always above the account number. Some cards have a four-digit number embossed below the account number, but this is not the CID/4DBC   If you have a promotion code, please enter it below. This promotion code field is case sensitive so please type all capital letters.     This product is intended for individual use only. To learn more about volume discounts for organizations and license opportunities for consultants, contact Lindsey.Dietrich@harvardbusiness.org.      Unable to locate your subscription account #? Click here 






  



















Product | For Comment | Khosla Ventures

































































Perspectives





Start with a prototype 

 December 16, 2013 
•
 By Daniel Tenner 
•
 Product 




Quick and dirty application of Hypothesis Driven Development 

 December 16, 2013 
•
 By Daniel Tenner 
•
 Product 













Vinod Khosla - CNET





 



CNET
Tags
Vinod Khosla



Vinod Khosla
Latest News








                                    Former Square COO Keith Rabois lands at Khosla Ventures
                            
Rabois left Square last month amid allegations of sexual harassment but was still thought of in Silicon Valley as one of the most successful executives around.

Articleby Daniel TerdimanFebruary 26, 2013 9:38 AM PST









                                    New smartphone chip to help owners identify smells, tastes
                            
Adamant Technologies is developing a processor that will help smartphones sense aromas and flavors and digitize them, Business Insider reports.

Articleby Steven MusilJanuary 6, 2013 10:56 AM PST










                                    Techies on the Forbes list of 400 richest Americans (pictures)
                            
Executives and founders from Microsoft, Dell, Facebook, and Twitter make the list of the top 400 richest Americans.

Galleryby James MartinSeptember 19, 2012 5:10 PM PDT









                                    Down on the farm, Lettuce Bot is quietly slaying weeds
                            
Blue River is working on an agricultural robot that can ID undesirable plants and dispatch them. It could help reduce the cost of organic produce. 

Articleby Tim HornyakSeptember 14, 2012 12:15 PM PDT


Recent Galleries
See all galleries




Techies on the Forbes list of 400 richest Americans (pictures)











                                    Startup Soraa lights up with 'LED 2.0'
                            
The startup sees a 75 percent boost in efficiency with its LED bulb, a new material platform for bringing down the cost of LEDs for general lighting. 

Articleby Martin LaMonicaFebruary 7, 2012 4:30 PM PST









                                    2011: A banner year for startup investing
                            
The year is shaping up to be the biggest for VCs deals in a decade--with a ton of activity from well-known startup backers and a new breed of investor.

Articleby Paul SloanDecember 20, 2011 4:00 AM PST









                                    Cellulosic ethanol maker Range Fuels goes belly up
                            
After shutting its biofuel plant in January, Range Fuels is being forced to sell its assets after failing to make ethanol from wood chips at scale. 

Articleby Martin LaMonicaDecember 5, 2011 5:41 AM PST









                                    Vinod Khosla: Lessons from the fail
                            
You cannot truly succeed if you do not embrace failure, says Silicon Valley VC icon.

Articleby Rafe NeedlemanOctober 24, 2011 11:51 AM PDT









                                    Khosla Ventures raises $1 billion fund
                            
Half of the famed tech investor's new fund is earmarked for clean tech, with the other half going to Internet and mobile technologies.


Articleby Steven MusilOctober 13, 2011 8:51 PM PDT









                                    Obama, friends, rivals, officials mourn Steve Jobs
                            
The president, industry execs, and others express sadness at the death of a great tech leader, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs.


Articleby Elinor MillsOctober 5, 2011 5:29 PM PDT









                                    In green tech, debate over singles versus home runs
                            
Green-tech startups are splitting between those which swing for the fences and others who just try to hit safely but there's a need for both types to foster innovation.

Articleby Martin LaMonicaSeptember 28, 2011 7:00 AM PDT









                                    Khosla: Environmentalists, get out of way
                            
Famed tech investor Vinod Khosla says green tech will succeed when entrepreneurs follow their vision for disruptive technologies rather than expect consumers to pay a premium for green products.

Articleby Martin LaMonicaSeptember 27, 2011 11:02 AM PDT


 Show More









Hot Products





Amazon Dash Wand with Alexa (2017)

                                                                            Amazon's Alexa-enabled Dash Wand is fun and nearly free
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    MSRP
$20.00













Samsung Galaxy S8

                                                                            A month later, the Galaxy S8 is still pretty freaking awesome
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $669.88













OnePlus 5

                                                                            The affordable OnePlus 5 impresses us again
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    












Apple iPad 2017 (9.7-inch)

                                                                            Apple's new 9.7-inch iPad is a great tablet at a great price
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $327.48













Microsoft Surface Pro (2017)

                                                                            Still a Pro, despite an unadventurous update
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $799.00













BEST LIST




Find the best hybrids on the market!
Hybrid technology can be applied to any type of car, and the best show the most significant fuel economy improvements over a similar gasoline-only car.

SHOW ME NOW






 



 


Tags - CNET





 



CNET
Tags



CNET Special Topics
Most Popular Tags




Facebook






Samsung






Amazon






Sony






Stephen Hawking






Hillary Clinton






Vladimir Putin






Donald Trump





Browse All Tags



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z





a



ABC


Acer


Activision


Acura


Adam Savage


Adele


Adobe


Adobe Creative Cloud


Advertising


Aereo


Airbnb


Airbus


AirPlay


Alan Turing


Alcatel OneTouch


Alexa


Alfa Romeo


Alibaba


Alphabet Inc.


Amazon


Amazon Prime


AMD


American Express


Andrew Mason


Android Jelly Bean


Android KitKat


Android Lollipop


Android Marshmallow


Android Nougat


Android O


Android Pay


Android Wear


Animation


Anonymous


AntiSec


Antitrust


AOL


Apple HomeKit


Apple Maps


Apple Music


Apple Pay


Archaeology


ARM


Artificial intelligence


Ashton Kutcher


ASIO


Aston Martin


Asus


AT&T


Audi







Browse All Tags



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z








This week on CNET News
See all








Cartoon bunnies are hacking your brain

Virtual Reality Apps









When at Comic-Con, say 'I do' -- in costume

Culture









Wine's newest bouquet has hints of berries — and data

Sci-Tech









Buyers, sellers and cops on the hunt for AlphaBay's successor

Security









Sean Spicer resigns: A look back at his spiciest moments

Culture



 





 








Company Building with Vinod Khosla of Khosla Ventures - YouTube 


 
  















































 
 

 
Skip navigation
  
 

 
Sign inSearch

 





Loading...
    






 


Close

 


 

 Yeah, keep it
Undo
Close
 




              This video is unavailable.

    







Watch QueueQueueWatch QueueQueue 
Remove allDisconnect







The next video is startingstop 


Loading...
    

 



 

Watch Queue
    
Queue

__count__/__total__
    









 









































 


 

Find out whyClose






    Company Building with Vinod Khosla of Khosla Ventures
  



 










Khosla Ventures













Loading...
    







        Unsubscribe from Khosla Ventures?
      


Cancel
Unsubscribe










        Working...
    










SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe8.4K 











Loading...
    









Loading...
    













        Working...
    












 
Add to

Want to watch this again later?

      Sign in to add this video to a playlist.
    
Sign in


Share

 More
 


Report


Need to report the video?

      Sign in to report inappropriate content.
    
Sign in





Transcript




Statistics



Add translations

13,805 views







112

Like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



113


7

Don't like this video?

      Sign in to make your opinion count.
    
Sign in



8











Loading...
    











Loading...
    





Transcript
    





The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    



Published on May 30, 2014 



      Category
    

People & Blogs




      License
    

Standard YouTube License










Loading...
    















Autoplay


When autoplay is enabled, a suggested video will automatically play next. 

 


        Up next
      






    "Sometimes it's nice to be hated by the wrong people": Vinod Khosla at Hack the North
  

     - Duration: 56:11.
  
Techyon
14,165 views



56:11














    Vinod Khosla's Top 10 Rules For Success (@vkhosla)
  

     - Duration: 22:39.
  
Evan Carmichael
40,429 views



22:39





    Fireside chat - Vinod Khosla, Founder of Khosla Ventures, and Bill Gates of Microsoft
  

     - Duration: 1:14:23.
  
Khosla Ventures
23,144 views



1:14:23





    Vinod Khosla: Failure does not matter. Success matters.
  

     - Duration: 54:45.
  
Stanford Graduate School of Business
317,406 views



54:45





    TiEcon 2017 Grand Keynote - Vinod Khosla
  

     - Duration: 46:40.
  
TiE Silicon Valley
2,062 views



46:40





    Failure as a Tool - Vinod Khosla, Founder of Khosla Ventures
  

     - Duration: 52:48.
  
Khosla Ventures
31,192 views



52:48





    The unbreakable laws of storytelling
  

     - Duration: 26:50.
  
Khosla Ventures
8,779 views



26:50





    Vinod Khosla Answers Entrepreneurs' Questions
  

     - Duration: 53:26.
  
Silicon Valley Health 2.0
4,435 views



53:26





    Keynote: What gets Vinod Khosla excited even after 30 extraordinary years
  

     - Duration: 48:45.
  
NASSCOM Product
9,282 views



48:45





    Investing in Healthcare Moonshots - Vinod Khosla, Khosla Ventures: NOW #68
  

     - Duration: 30:56.
  
StartUp Health
4,921 views



30:56





    Investing in the Future of Healthcare with Vinod Khosla
  

     - Duration: 26:07.
  
Exponential Medicine
2,418 views



26:07





    Entrepreneurs, Don't Be Afraid to Fail | Vinod Khosla (Khosla Ventures) @ Startup Grind
  

     - Duration: 49:28.
  
Startup Grind
14,907 views



49:28





    Steve Jobs Insult Response
  

     - Duration: 5:18.
  
Mike Cane
7,558,134 views



5:18





    Steve Ballmer: CEO Can Not Delegate Business Culture
  

     - Duration: 57:02.
  
Stanford Graduate School of Business
36,881 views



57:02





    Pitch the Way VCs Think: Presenting Powerpoint with Emotion with Vinod Khosla of Khosla Ventures
  

     - Duration: 25:50.
  
Khosla Ventures
16,332 views



25:50





    Bitcoin Panel - Angel investing in the virtual currency ecosystem
  

     - Duration: 46:08.
  
CoinSummit
1,787 views



46:08





    Transforming an Industry with Vinod Khosla: NOW #117
  

     - Duration: 58:04.
  
StartUp Health
1,121 views



58:04





    Vinod Khosla: "I'm a Glorified Recruiter"
  

     - Duration: 21:37.
  
TechCrunch
4,513 views



21:37





    WhatsApp founder - start from nothing to 1 Billion users - Jan Koum
  

     - Duration: 39:06.
  
Startup Cat
144,719 views



39:06





    Ramit Sethi: "I Will Teach You to Be Rich" | Talks at Google
  

     - Duration: 54:12.
  
Talks at Google
231,925 views



54:12




Loading more suggestions...
    

Show more









  

 
Language:
  
  English



 
Content location:
  
  United States



 
Restricted Mode:
  
Off



History Help





Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press
Copyright
Creators
Advertise
Developers
+YouTube
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback

Test new features













Loading...
    














        Working...
    









 
Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    
 

Add to
    





        Loading playlists...
    


 


 





Vinod Khosla on IT and data center automation - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Enterprise























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            


















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








Investor and Sun cofounder Vinod Khosla says 80% of IT jobs can be replaced by automation and it's 'exciting'












Matt Weinberger












Nov.  8, 2016,  4:34 PM



15,262




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 





Khosla Ventures partner and founder Vinod KhoslaThomson ReutersVinod Khosla, former Sun Microsystems founder and the billionaire founder of famed Silicon Valley venture firm Khosla Ventures, was instrumental in the rise of what we now think of as the computer server. 
Now, he thinks that artificial intelligence is the next big thing for server rooms and data centers everywhere.
On stage at this week's Structure Conference in San Francisco, Khosla says that one of the biggest costs for any company is how much they spend on their IT departments — but that 80% of their staff can be "highly leveraged, maybe replaced," by "AI-type systems."
"I think that's exciting," Khosla says.
Khosla shouts out companies like the publicly-traded Nutanix, a Khosla Ventures investment, which help computing infrastructure professionals automate how they handle networking between servers. Similarly, he calls out startups like Mesosphere, which help simplify the task of installing and maintaining software on servers.
He's also known for throwing barbs at the news media and at the VC industry, which he argues doesn't "add value" most of the time.
In response to some anxious grumbling from the audience on Tuesday, largely comprised of CIOs and other tech executives, Khosla was quick to reassure the crowd: "But we're all in the other 20%, not the 80% that's automated."
Then again, Khosla has reportedly claimed that doctors will be replaced by technology too. So IT staffers are in good company.


SEE ALSO: Billionaire investor Vinod Khosla: IBM and Dell haven't had 'one new idea over the last 30 years'




NOW WATCH: This creepy robotic eel swims autonomously to perform underwater maintenance 








            More:

                                                        Vinod Khosla
Nutanix
Mesosphere
Data Centers



Venture Capital



















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























Investor and Sun cofounder Vinod Khosla says 80% of IT jobs can be replaced by automation and it's 'exciting'
Investor and Sun cofounder Vinod Khosla says 80% of IT jobs can be replaced by automation and it's 'exciting'

Vinod Khosla, former Sun Microsystems founder...



























Recommended For You







 







Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Enterprise Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 
















































Khosla Biofuel IPO Draws Doubters - MIT Technology Review


























































Sustainable Energy

Khosla Biofuel IPO Draws Doubters
As yet another biofuels company prepares for a stock offering, some wonder if the company is worthy of going public at all.


					by 
Antonio Regalado

May 6, 2011
























In 2004, a startup called Nanosys tried to go public. It had recruited some of the world’s top nanoscientists for its board and had bought up hundreds of nanotech patents. The idea was that it could revolutionize TV displays, batteries, and maybe even golf balls. It had no product, but so what? Nanotech seemed like it could change everything.



Future fuel: KiOR’s demonstration facility just outside of Houston, Texas, produces up to 15 barrels of renewable crude oil per day from wood chips.
			
			
		



That is when a venture capitalist named Vinod Khosla, then with Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers, cried fraud. A speech of Khosla’s at Stanford University helped to not only torpedo the Nanosys IPO but also burst a short-lived nanotech bubble. 
Here’s what Khosla said, according to a Thomson Reuters publication, at the time: “Personally, I think it is the wrong model for a company, and I think it is a shame that they are going public, because I do not think they are in a position to be predictable enough. And whether they are doing it knowingly or unknowingly, there is a reasonable likelihood that they will defraud the public market.”
Now Khosla’s the one being questioned. “I am looking at Vinod Khosla’s S-1 filing of KiOR, which has a grand total of zero ($0) revenue,” wrote venture capitalist Larry Bock in an e-mail. Bock cofounded Nanosys and was behind the aborted IPO. “Should Vinod be kept accountable?”
For several years, Khosla Ventures has been plowing money into green-energy startups. Now Khosla has begun cashing out by pushing some of his next-generation biofuels companies public. Recent Khosla-backed biofuels IPOs include Amyris and Gevo, and now comes KiOR—a Pasadena, Texas, company that says it will turn wood chips into gasoline and diesel. It expects to raise $100 million in its IPO. 
All three companies are early-stage. They’re still building plants and proving their ideas. None have turned a profit. KiOR may be the earliest-stage yet. Its SEC filing is long on PowerPoint slogans (“We Drilled Deep Into the Problem … Not Into Our Planet”) but so far KiOR hasn’t sold a drop of fuel and cautions investors that “we have no experience producing renewable transportation fuels at the scale needed for the development of our business.” The company says it is counting on a $1 billion loan guarantee from the U.S. Department of Energy to build its plants. 
Bock now says he wants some “intellectual honesty” from his rival. 
So Technology Review asked Khosla whether pre-revenue biofuels companies should be going public. Khosla sent back a detailed memo explaining why biofuels is not like nanotech. Here’s a summary:
Existing markets: Biofuels are end applications with large markets, not just technologies.
Proven technology: In many cases the manufacturing or yield of technology has been proven.
Big payoffs: The payback from success is huge. That was not always true in biotech and nanotech, where there is more risk from competitors. In biofuels, the markets are so huge that if 10 companies produced the same product, each could be a billion-dollar business without interfering with the others.
Predictability: If a company can give investors accurate expectations for the next two to three years, then they can consider an IPO. This is true of biofuels now but not of nanotech in 2004.
Khosla’s main point is that the fuels market is gigantic, whereas Nanosys was all about technologies looking for problems to solve. He argues that having interesting technology without a compelling market is not a good place to be as a business. Even Nanosys’s current chief financial officer, John Page, agrees with that. “That is a fairly accurate assessment of where Nanosys was in 2004.” Nanosys recently reorganized in an effort to generate more revenue from LEDs and batteries.

Even so,  KiOR is more of a business plan than a business. And its biggest asset may be the Khosla brand itself. Khosla Ventures has put money in over 40 clean-tech companies and raised over $1 billion for its latest investment fund.
For investors, evaluating biofuel projects can be tricky. Everything depends on whether the technology succeeds in turning feedstock into fuel in an economical way. KiOR estimates its own production costs for gasoline at around $1.80 a gallon. But advanced biofuel companies are notorious for being overly optimistic on costs based on small-scale production. Another Khosla company, Range Fuels, ran into trouble at the scale-up phase. 
Khosla says it’s up to investors to make the call about whether any company’s forecasts make sense. “What you believe will determine the valuation you assign to a company, and if you are optimistic, you will get to frothy valuations and hence take on undue risk,” he says. 
So far, investors aren’t complaining. Khosla has already notched two successes. Both Amyris and Gevo saw big jumps in their stock prices. “Those are good returns, and that drives the market for more offerings,” says Sheeraz Haji, CEO of market analyst Cleantech Group. “There is a belief that these are huge markets and that these companies are going to do well.” 
Pavel Molchanov, an analyst at financial services provider Raymond James, says there’s room for even more stock offerings. “Conceptually, the market has signaled an openness to consider these companies. I think the fact that we are talking about oil at $110 a barrel provides a very helpful market backdrop,” he says. “If oil was at $30, we wouldn’t be seeing these IPOs.”
Still, it’s fair to wonder if the Khosla IPO machine might overheat. Last year, investors were not interested in the $200 million IPO plans of PetroAlgae, another company with no revenue. And shares of synthetic biology company Codexis haven’t done well. In addition to KiOR, the fuel-from-algae company Solazyme has now filed documents with the SEC for a planned $100 million IPO. Solazyme doesn’t yet manufacture fuels economically, but it’s launched a cosmetics business using its oils. 
The nanotech crowd insists that this biofuels boom is hype driven by government subsidies, sexy science, and high oil costs. Josh Wolfe, a managing partner at Lux Capital, where Bock is also a venture investor, argues that “biofuels will turn most investors into biofools. Some of these IPOs are over-promoted and not good businesses. For society it may turn out okay, but investors will surely be left holding the bag.”
We put it to Khosla—is there an IPO bubble in next-generation biofuels? “I am sure a potential for a bubble exists, and we should be careful,” Khosla says. “Whenever quick money can be made, you will see bubbles form.”
The original version of this article contained an anonymous quote that didn’t meet Technology Review’s fairness standards.

Become an MIT Technology Review Insider for in-depth analysis and unparalleled perspective.
Subscribe today 



















Subscribe to Continue Reading
Uh oh–you've read all of your free articles for this month.

Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $15 per month.




Subscribe



Insider Premium
$179.95/yr US PRICE


Subscribe



See international, alumni and other pricing options
Already an Insider?
Log in.

Have a magazine subscription?
Activate your Insider account.












More from Sustainable Energy
Can we sustainably provide food, water, and energy to a growing population during a climate crisis?




Sucking Up CO2 Will Cost Hundreds of Trillions
Study finds that if the world doesn’t begin cutting emissions soon, the price of capturing and storing carbon dioxide will soar.
by 
	
		
			James Temple
		
	









Small Reactors Could Kick-Start the Stalled Nuclear Sector
NuScale is on track to build the first commercial small modular reactors in the United States.
by 
	
		
			James Temple
		
	









Grid Batteries Are Poised to Become Cheaper Than Natural-Gas Plants in Minnesota
A new report suggests the economics of large-scale batteries are reaching an important inflection point.
by 
	
		
			Michael Reilly
		
	












From Our Advertisers




						
							In partnership with
						
						Hewlett Packard Enterprise

A Field Guide to Digital Transformation





						
							In partnership with
						
						Hewlett Packard Enterprise

A Fireside Chat: Unlocking the Power of Hybrid, Flexible IT





						
							In partnership with
						
						Samsung

Fight Scale with Scale








		Want more award-winning journalism?
		
			Subscribe to Insider Premium.
		
	





							Insider Premium
							{! insider.prices.premium !}*


							{! insider.display.menuOptionsLabel !}
						

							Our award winning magazine, unlimited access to our story archive, special discounts to MIT Technology Review Events, and exclusive content.
						

{! insider.buttons.premium.buttonText !}





See details+

What's Included
Bimonthly magazine delivery and unlimited 24/7 access to MIT Technology Review’s website
The Download: our daily newsletter of what's important in technology and innovation
Access to the magazine PDF archive—thousands of articles going back to 1899 at your fingertips
Special discounts to select partner offerings
Discount to MIT Technology Review events
Ad-free web experience
First Look: exclusive early access to important stories, before they’re available to anyone else
Insider Conversations: listen in on in-depth calls between our editors and today’s thought leaders





*
					{! insider.display.footerLabel !}
				

See international prices


See U.S. prices


Revert to MIT Enterprise Forum pricing


Revert to standard pricing


















/




					You've read all of your free articles this month.
				


						This is your last free article this month.
					

						You've read
						 of 
						free articles this month.
					


Subscribe now
						or log in for unlimited online access.
				




















Vinod Khosla’s Keynote at Nasscom Product Conclave: Reject punditry, believe in an idea, take risk and succeed














































































































































Startups
SocialStory
HerStory
Resources
Research
Events
Newsletters




Investors
YS TV
YS Profiles
In Depth
Team YS
Testimonials















                                                                            YourStory brings to you stories of entreprenuers and small business from all over India
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            YourStory's venture capital database lets you discover emerging startups and search & analyze companies
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            We conceptualize, create, and distribute the best brand experiences for startups, investors, corporates and governmen bodies.

                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 





























About
Careers
FAQs
Contact





















Just In

3-min read


Vinod Khosla’s Keynote at Nasscom Product Conclave: Reject punditry, believe in an idea, take risk and succeed











Admin 


09 November 2011


 shares
                            



































In the morning at 9 am, the hall was full and overflowing. In a city like Bangalore known for traffic snarls, Taj Vivanta outside the city still attracted enthusiastic product tech crowd. The reason was obvious. When Vinod Khosla, the celebrated Silicon Valley VC and legendary entrepreneur (cofounder of Sun Microsystems) is giving a keynote, it is a must-present meeting. Rajendra S. Pawar, Chairman of NASSCOM, predicted earlier that software and hardware contribution would be on the order of $750 billion in 2020 up from $75 billion now.Expert opinion doesn’t lead to testing a big ideaVinod Khosla made an unconventional opening stating that with risk taking comes failure and therefore he asked entrepreneurs to reject punditry and expert wisdom so that they are not caged by impossibility mindset. He said that large shifts happen without any precedent and historical trends should be disregarded when embarking upon an idea. Some of the expert predictions such as AT&T’s wisdom that telephones are not great devices for communication, flying was impossible or bad forecast of oil prices in 1986 for 2000 have all been proved wrong.






Seconding Rajendra S. Pawar’s prediction about the size of hardware and software contribution, Khosla said, “we can drive the economy to make it big.” He quoted Bernard Shaw in his presentation: “All progress depends upon unreasonable man.” He predicted that technology will lead the economy.If we need to invent the future we want, experts should be ignored and past should not extrapolated. By challenging conventions, any idea can succeed. Extrapolating past is an exercise in futility according to Khosla, who quoted McKinsey’s prediction of under a million mobile phones by 2000 whereas the actual number by 2000 was 14 million. Prof. Tetlock of Stanford University has written about folly of predictions, and Khosla quoted him as saying, “experts are poor forecasters than dart-throwing monkeys.”
Cool dozenVinod Khosla proposed 12 cool ideas called “cool dozen” in the retail consumer market that are worth taking note for new product ventures. The rate at which change is happening will be fast, thanks to rapid changes in the post-PC era. The dozen areas are:1. Data reduction2. Big data analysis3. Emotion4. Education5. TV 2.06. Social NEXT7. Interest graph8. NFC9. Democratization of publishing10. Utility11. Health12. MarketplaceHe listed companies in each area that have the potential to grow big. He referred to Interview Street, now a Y-combinator-funded company founded by Vivek and Hari, as redefining employment market place and talent acquisition.
Vinod Khosla predicted health care to be worth $100 to $300 billion. Shopping might undergo a huge change as well as marketplaces and payment modes. UIDAI of the Government of India is yet another massive project of a kind not undertaken so far. NFC+QR+UIDAI is a huge combination providing huge opportunities.Risk taking and failing“Only those who fail greatly can achieve greatly,” said J.F. Kennedy. Taking a cue from that statement, Vinod Khosla said, “my willingness to fail gives me the ability to succeed.” When you embark on an idea not explored before, the probability of failure is high and that should not be a deterring force for you to not pursue that idea. “You can lose only 1x of money,” said Khosla, encouraging entrepreneurs to “do what you love and are passionate about.” You wouldn’t abandon your religion if your religion is your product, opinioned Khosla. He said risk-taking needs a courageous mind in addition to guts and premature confidence. Irreverence and rule-breaking are not wrong but “the best way to win a game is by making your own rules,” concluded Khosla.
It was an hour of inspiration flowing from a seasoned entrepreneur, a VC not afraid to invest in bold ventures and bent upon seeing a change in renewable energy to the extent of eliminating conventional energy sources.–Venkatesh Krishnamoorthy, chief evangelist, YourStory.in 









 shares
                                    







































If you are a FinTech startup, apply now to the first cohort of ISME ACE. Selected startups stand to get upto $100,000 in seed funding, >$100k worth cloud credits, mentorship and much more. Apply here now!






Responses









Related Topics



Vinod Khosla







About the author





Admin 












































 RelatedWhat's NewSocial StoryHerStoryYS TVGermany Trending  #HerStory#SocialStory#InDepth  Refresh
              Stories
              Tissot  Sponsored   Are you creating your own definition of success? Tissot’s Signature Innovators Club calls for nominations
                Verisign  Sponsored   Go big with .com/.net
                 










Indian Entrepreneurs’ Exclusive Date With Vinod Khosla At NASSCOM Product Conclave














































































































































Startups
SocialStory
HerStory
Resources
Research
Events
Newsletters




Investors
YS TV
YS Profiles
In Depth
Team YS
Testimonials















                                                                            YourStory brings to you stories of entreprenuers and small business from all over India
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            YourStory's venture capital database lets you discover emerging startups and search & analyze companies
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            We conceptualize, create, and distribute the best brand experiences for startups, investors, corporates and governmen bodies.

                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 





























About
Careers
FAQs
Contact





















Report

4-min read


Indian Entrepreneurs’ Exclusive Date With Vinod Khosla At NASSCOM Product Conclave











Team YS


10 November 2011


 shares
                            



































Even in the Silicon Valley, it should be difficult to get a chance to pitch one-on-one with Vinod Khosla, a path-breaking entrepreneur who co-founded Sun Microsystems and and a legendary investor in clean-tech  who wants to change the world with renewable energy. But seven Indian entrepreneurs were lucky enough to get a exclusive date with Vinod Khosla with a one-on-one session of 15 to 20 minutes each at the NASSCOM Product Conclave 2011 where he was also the Keynote speaker. The session was hosted by Bala Parthasarathy of AngelPrime in association with YourStory.in. NASSCOM is eager to bring in such legends from the Silicon Valley to take the Indian product software ecosystem to greater heights. Highly successful entrepreneurs and investors in the Silicon Valley advising, mentoring or offering investment in Indian companies would push the envelope of these companies to become great companies.






The following startups got to exclusively present their pitches to Vinod Khosla at a closed door session in the NASSCOM Product Conclave 2011 –MobStac: 
Bangalore based Mobstac aims to make it possible for people to consume the Internet on any mobile device on the planet by accelerating the availability of mobile Internet content and delivering it to the widest possible audience. Mobstac’s technology lets you create a mobile site for your blog / website in minutes.Wifinity:
Wifinity Tech leverages wireless technologies to deliver state of art Energy Management, Manufacturing Execution Management, Security Solutions, and Smart Grid Management.Surewaves:
Surewaves is creating a media grid that allows for ad integration, content delivery, network management, media planning and reporting platform for multiple forms of digital media. Recently, they have acquired funding from Indian Innovation Fund.
mDhil:
mDhil provides basic healthcare information to the Indian consumer via text messaging, mobile web browser, and interactive digital content.High-on-Travel:
HighonTravel is a ‘slow travel’ media company. They unearth holidays that discerning travelers seek, and assist in enabling these experiences. HighonTravel does so through its carefully curated holiday portfolio.Attano: 
Attano has a suite of tablet based learning products and interactive e-books that bring learning to life by enriching and enabling access to diverse curriculum and course materials.Newgen Energy: 
NewGen Power Company Private Ltd. owns and operates distributed (“Onsite”) renewable energy generation systems ideal for companies and institutions that require a reliable source of energy (power, heat & steam) and that have a desire to reduce their carbon footprint by using renewable energy.  Target clients include Coffee & Tea Plantations, Schools, Factories / Mills, and Office Buildings.
Vinod Khosla carefully listened to these pitches, sipping a black coffee. He advised MobStac that they should concentrate on brand building as another competitor could easily offer the same services, obliterating MobStac. He quoted the example of Storify, which uses Twitter stream to publish news that is picked up byWashington Post, New York Times and other leading dailies. Storify also publishes the story on its website by linking to stories published in all the dailies that have subscribed to its service. This helps Storify build its own brand.Khosla told Surewaves founders to learn more about Wideopen platform and talk to them to understand what they do. He was very keen on Wifinity’s technology. He asked a range of questions on what technique is used by Wifinity and advised Wifinity to worry about startups who bring in disruptive innovation rather than big corporates who are slow on innovation. With Attano, Khosla referred to CK12, a non-profit venture that his wife pursues to make education free up to K-12 level. All learning has been condensed into 500 concepts and open source is used in CK12 to add content. He also emphasized on the importance of skills education in India, which results in the person landing in a job. ISB was founded to impart skill education, he added. A person enrolling on ISB and spending a few lakhs on education for a year is likely to earn three times as much after ISB and for his lifetime.
Khosla advised High-on-Travel to ask travellers to write their experiential stories to help it get more customers rather than engaging writers to tell someone else’s travel experiences. For Newgen, Khosla had lot of inputs on calorific value and stressed on polycultivation that he emphasizes often. He was eager to know the capex, operating cost and profit of the venture.Finally, Phanindra Sama, co-founder of RedBus.in, walked in for his five-minute session with Vinod Khosla who was impressed with the idea of selling bus tickets online. He asked for numbers and how many bus operators are using RedBus. His advice to Phanindra was to bet on dynamic pricing, for example, when demand shoots up on a Friday evening or a Sunday night travel.
In many pitches, Khosla kept asking about the number of people working in the venture. I was curious to know why he skipped asking how much money the venture was making. He answered, “I am not worried about financials. If basics are right, everything aggregates up.” –Venkatesh Krishnamoorthy, chief evangelist









 shares
                                    







































If you are a FinTech startup, apply now to the first cohort of ISME ACE. Selected startups stand to get upto $100,000 in seed funding, >$100k worth cloud credits, mentorship and much more. Apply here now!






Responses









Related Topics



Vinod Khosla







About the author





Team YS












































 RelatedWhat's NewSocial StoryHerStoryYS TVGermany Trending  #HerStory#SocialStory#InDepth  Refresh
              Stories
              Tissot  Sponsored   Are you creating your own definition of success? Tissot’s Signature Innovators Club calls for nominations
                Verisign  Sponsored   Go big with .com/.net
                 








Vinod Khosla on Operating and Scaling a Business  | The Fast Track














































 









Skip to content









Vinod Khosla on Operating and Scaling a Business 
			October 29, 2014		

Prev 
Next 



 


I spoke to Vinod Khosla, co-founder of Sun Microsystems, who has run his own venture capital firm, Khosla Ventures, since 2004, following nearly two decades at VC firm Kleiner Perkins. His highest-profile investments have lately been in clean tech: wood-based biofuel, new types of batteries and water purification. He studied engineering in India, then at age 20 tried and failed to start a soy-milk company. Khosla moved to the U.S., got a Stanford MBA, then co-founded Sun Microsystems in 1982. In September 2014 a judge ruled that Khosla must let the public access his private beach near Half Moon Bay in California. In the following brief interview, Khosla talks about what makes a startup successful, how employees can best collaborate, the scalability issues that occur, and what most companies get wrong when it comes to operating a business.
Dan Schawbel: Can you tell me what was different between those startups that worked and didn’t work out, and specifically what was different operationally?
Vinod Khosla: The biggest mistake I see entrepreneurs make is not knowing what they don’t know. That leads startups to focus on the wrong incentives, ask the wrong questions, and over the long run, they are unable to remove the key risks and build a large sustainable business.  That being said, I wouldn’t discount the impact of luck and timing for startups. They both play a large role, and assuming otherwise is folly. Often the single biggest differentiator of success is the founder and their entrepreneurial skills, their clarity of vision, their focus on only what is critical, on their leadership and their persistence and openness to learning.
Schawbel: Assuming you’ve hired the right people, how do you get them to collaborate efficiently, especially if distributed?
Khosla: That first assumption is the most important part though, so I would like to focus there. Hiring the right and the best people is incredibly difficult to do, and very few startups get this exactly right. I firmly believe a company becomes the people it hires, and a lot of the other pieces (including collaboration, distributed teams, etc.) will work themselves out with a great team. A great startup team is resourceful and willing to iterate and experiment on all things (not just their product / business model, but also their internal collaboration). Having said that, it is the CEO’s job to provide leadership and ensure that the team operates as a team and has shared and aligned goals.
At Khosla Ventures, we spend a lot of time focused on working with entrepreneurs to develop the right “gene pool” as we like to call it. In fact, we have a whole section on our website dedicated to team building for startups, or gene pool engineering.
Schawbel: What scalability issues occur after the first hundred employees are hired?
Khosla: As a company scales, by default, more structure will need to be added to keep a well functioning organization. This naturally could lead to increased collaboration problems, hierarchy issues, politics, etc. You need process but you cannot let process win over entrepreneurial culture. I would rather have too little management than too much.
To keep a company thinking like a startup, building out your gene pool with the same principles as before is important. For example, Scott Cook talked about a direction change at Intuit for middle managers as “guiding experimentation” rather than “managing projects.”
Schawbel: How do you know what types of functions to build out in an organization as it scales?
Khosla: “You cannot. You have to assume plans will change, and build teams with that flexibility in mind. Planning is important to understand the quality of thinking of a team and to have them consider all the factors that affect a business. But as the thing to meet at all costs it is mythical targets. Sometimes I see companies meet plans at the expense of building real value on what will make them successful in the long run.”
Schawbel: What do most companies get wrong when it comes to business operations?
Khosla: Going back to the beginning – companies tend to have blind spots because they don’t’ know what they don’t know. It’s impossible to completely correct for, but missing those critical questions can lead to problems in recruiting, team building (which can manifest years later), sales strategy, product building, etc. There are many tactical and strategic issues that different companies can get wrong (e.g. scale before product-market fit, solve a problem no one will pay for, etc.) but those typically are manifestations of the original issue. I am always surprised how many organizations know what they are doing but have not formally and critically asked why they are doing it and is that the most efficient thing to do.

Related Posts 

7 Principles of Scaling a Business and Still Have a Life
Mistakes to Avoid When Scaling a Business - Interview with Brad Feld
Build a Team that Could Compete at the Olympics of Business
3 Steps to Take to Ensure Consistency in Your Business 
Posted in Agility, Featured Interview, Strategy, Team & Project Management    | Tagged Collaboration, effective leadership, entrepreneurship, team building, Working Teams 

















Comments  








Varun Aggarwal



What makes investors attract for startup




Pingback: Vinod Khosla on Operating and Scaling a Busines...()



Pingback: How to Find the Hidden Leaders in Your Business | The Fast Track()












Stay Updated

Get the latest news about Digital Transformation, Team and Project Management, Business Innovation or Featured Interviews.




Thanks for subscribing to The Fast Track blog!



About the Author



Dan Schawbel

Dan Schawbel is a columnist at FORBES, a New York Times and Wall Street Journal bestselling author, and has been featured in over 1,000 media outlets










Try Quick Base
30 day free trial. No credit card required.

Get Started










 
















