




KIMURA FUND US L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Coghlan  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









KIMURA FUND US L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    4 Th Floor Harbour Place 
    Grand Cayman, E9, KY1-1002Phone: 3459498599 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-25


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Equity Only


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Thomas Coghlan 
 Director 


 N/A Kimura Management Ltd 
 Executive 


 N/A Kimura Us Gp Ltd 
 Executive 


 Andrew Linford 
 Director 


 Neil West 
 Director 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

































 



 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (’Saba’) Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a 
         










    










 













 











 



















Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge
        																																
              











 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET









 Share this article




























































NEW YORK, March 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Saba (Bats: CEFS) launches CEFS, an actively managed ETF that seeks to generate high income by investing in closed-end funds trading at a discount to net asset value ("NAV") and hedging the ETF's risk to rising interest rates.  This is Saba's first ETF; Saba is a well-known alternative investment products firm.








Closed-end funds are listed investment vehicles that trade at a premium or discount to NAV as a result of market technicals and sentiment.  Saba specializes in fixed income and equity closed-end funds trading at a discount to NAV, given they typically offer higher yield and return potential than the underlying securities.  A small portion of that excess return is utilized to finance the portfolio's interest rate hedge.
"Many closed-end funds are trading at an attractive discount to their net asset value," said Boaz Weinstein, Founder and Chief Investment Officer at Saba.  "In an environment where investors are searching for yield, we believe closed-end funds offer high income and a margin of safety due to the discount." 
The ETF offers access to Saba Capital's portfolio managers who have years of experience trading and hedging closed-end funds.  Saba Capital's investment process includes proprietary models that dynamically rank closed-end funds across a variety of factors, including yield, discount to NAV and quality of underlying securities.  In addition, CEFS seeks to outperform index-based closed-end fund products by actively trading the portfolio in an attempt to capture the widening and narrowing of discounts to net asset value. 
About Saba Capital Management, L.P.Saba is an Investment Adviser founded in 2009.  The firm manages over $1.6bn across three primary strategies: Closed-End Funds, Credit Relative Value and Tail Hedge.  Saba's investors are predominately institutions and include corporate pensions, public pensions, foundations, endowments, fund of funds and family offices.  The heritage of the firm dates back to 1998 at Deutsche Bank where Saba's CIO, Boaz Weinstein, founded one of the largest proprietary trading groups on Wall Street, known as Saba Principal Strategies.  The senior members of Saba Principal Strategies spun off together to begin Saba Capital.  The firm is headquartered in the historic Chrysler Building in New York with an investment office in London. www.sabacapital.com.
Carefully consider the Fund's investment objectives, risk factors, charges and expenses before investing. This and additional information can be found in the Fund's prospectus, which may be obtained by calling (212) 542-4644 or visiting www.sabaetf.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. 
Distributed by Foreside Fund Services, LLC
Net Asset Value is the per share value of a fund, found by subtracting the fund's liabilities from its assets and dividing by the number of shares outstanding.
Investing involves risk, including possible loss of principal. Investments in foreign securities may involve risks such as social and political instability, market illiquidity, exchange-rate fluctuations, a high level of volatility and limited regulation. Because the Fund is a "fund of funds," its investment performance largely depends on the investment performance of the Underlying Funds in which it invests, and the Fund is subject to the risks associated with the Underlying Funds. Leverage may increase the risk of loss and cause fluctuations in the market value of the Fund's portfolio to have disproportionately large effects or cause the NAV of the Fund generally to decline faster than it would otherwise. Derivatives may be more sensitive to changes in market conditions, amplifying risks. The Fund may engage in writing covered call options, which may limit its opportunity to profit from an increase in the price of the underlying stock above the exercise price, but continues to bear the risk of a decline in the stock. A liquid market may not exist for options held by the Fund. While the Fund receives premiums for writing the call options, the price it realizes from the exercise of an option could be substantially below a stock's current market price. High-yield bonds have a higher risk of default or other adverse credit events, but have the potential to pay higher earnings over investment grade bonds. The higher risk of default, or the inability of the creditor to repay its debt, is the primary reason for the higher interest rates on high-yield bonds.
 
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/saba-capital-management-lp-saba-launches-an-etf-focused-on-closed-end-funds-including-a-rates-hedge-300426685.html
SOURCE Saba Capital Management, L.P.
 Related Links

http://www.sabacapital.com



 












Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
Preview: Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 

Apr 06, 2017, 13:54 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Saba Closed-End Funds ETF Declares First Monthly Distribution






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Banking & Financial Services
New Products & Services








 You just read:
Saba Capital Management, L.P. ("Saba") Launches an ETF Focused on Closed-End Funds, Including a Rates Hedge


 News provided by
Saba Capital Management, L.P.  
Mar 21, 2017, 09:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 



  CAF Quote - Morgan Stanley China A Share Fund Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Morgan Stanley China A Share Fund Inc   CAF:US   New York        22.35USD   0.29   1.31%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/28/2017     Open   22.19    Day Range   22.10 - 22.35    Previous Close   22.06    52Wk Range   16.94 - 24.70    1 Yr Return   26.48%    YTD Return   31.75%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   22.19    Day Range   22.10 - 22.35    Volume   89,397    Previous Close   22.06    52Wk Range   16.94 - 24.70    1 Yr Return   28.01%    YTD Return   31.75%    NAV (on 07/28/2017)   25.64999962    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/28/2017)   561.261    Inception Date   09/27/2006    Premium/Discount   -12.87%    Average 52-Week Premium   -15.46%    Fund Managers   MAY YU / GARY CHEUNG    Last Dividend (on 06/28/2017)   0.034016    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.15%    Expense Ratio   1.82%    3 Mo Return   14.44%    3 Yr Return   20.55%    5 Yr Return   18.66%                     Profile   Morgan Stanley China A Share Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company incorporated in the USA. The Fund's objective is to seek capital growth. The Fund seeks to achieve its objective by investing, under normal circumstances, at least 80% of its assets in A-shares of Chinese companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges.    Address  Morgan Stanley Asset Management522 Fifth AvenueNew York, NY 10036USA   Phone  1-800-231-2608   Website   www.morganstanley.com              

Hiroyuki Kimura, Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  























Feedback





Hiroyuki Kimura

Director/Group CFO,
Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc






Career History




Director/Group CFO
Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc, 6/2014-PRESENT


Executive Officer
Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc, 6/2012-6/2014


Executive Officer
Nomura Real Estate Development Co Ltd, 4/2009-4/2013


Director
Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc, 6/2009-6/2012


Director
Nomura Real Estate Asset Mgmt, 4/2010-10/2011


General Manager
Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc, 2/2006-6/2009


General Manager
Nomura Real Estate Development Co Ltd, 6/2002-4/2009



Nomura Real Estate Development Co Ltd, 4/1974-6/2002


Managing Executive Officer
Nomura Real Estate Development Co Ltd, 4/2013-UNKNOWN


Managing Director
Nomura Real Estate Asset Mgmt, 10/2011-UNKNOWN


Exec Managing Director/CFO
Nomura Real Estate Office Fund Inc, 10/2011-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.nomura-re-hd.co.jp






Corporate Information
Address:

1-26-2 Nishishinjuku
Shinjuku-Ku, 163-0590
Japan


Phone:
81-3-3348-8878


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.nomura-re-hd.co.jp











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




Nomura Real Estate Holdings Inc


Board Member, 6/2009-PRESENT




Nomura Real Estate Development Co Ltd


Board Member, 4/2013-UNKNOWN




Nomura Real Estate Asset Mgmt


4/2010-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Kimura, Inc.


















Kimura, Inc.




 
















About UsKimura, Inc.
KUC
Safety
The Kimura Team
Recycle / Environmental


Sales / DesignDesign
Sales Team


Quality


Production


Products


Links


FAQ


Contact UsGeneral Inquiries

















Main Menu


HomeAbout UsDesignContact UsSearch 















Home











					Welcome to Kimura, Inc.				
	

 

 

 







Thank you for visiting Kimura, Inc. and we hope we can have the opportunity to serve you and to assist with your container needs.We specialize in designing and fabricating steel racks and pallets to meet our Customer's requirements. This is accomplished using the latest 3-D CAD design systems, prototype building and testing, robotic and manual welding lines and automated powder coating system.Using these tools, we are able to deliver high quality product on schedule to meet our Customer's operational needs.Kimura, Inc. is a 100% owned subsidiary of Kimura Unity Co. Ltd. (Japan) which started production in Laurens, South Carolina in June 2003 and we have grown to be a major supplier of transportation containers for the automotive industry.Please look around our site for more detailed information on how we can help you and if you have any questions or comments, please use the "Contact Us" tab and we will be happy to answer your query.Japanese TranslationKI Containers: Reliable, Returnable, and Recyclable. 


 



 


Featured Product









 


U Series
This container is designed to be a cost-effective packaging solution. When fully collapsed, the container is only 14¼" high, which greatly reduces transport costs when they are returned after use. Please contact us for more details.Please click on Products tab to see our range of Racks and Containers. 















Copyright © 2017 Kimura, Inc.











INVESTORS | Kimura Commodity Trade Finance






















































 















Kimura Commodity Trade Finance
Kimura Commodity Trade Finance

HOME ABOUT US INVESTORS BORROWERS NEWS CONTACT US 




HOME ABOUT US INVESTORS BORROWERS NEWS CONTACT US 










INVESTORS











“Kimura seeks to achieve performance consistent with the return and risk patterns of a diversified portfolio of commodity trade finance transactions.”




Kristofer Tremaine
CIO Kimura Commodity Trade Finance





INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE
We focus on transaction based lending to Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises (SMEs). Credit is assessed and secured against the counterparty and/or the underlying product being financed, as opposed to the traditional bank business of balance sheet assessment and unsecured lending.





COMMODITY TRADE FINANCE
The most fundamental issue in international trade finance is the method of payment agreed between importer and exporter; the exporter wants to accelerate payment from the importer, and the importer wants to delay and mitigate the supply risk from the exporter. Trade finance bridges the finance gap and settles the conflicting needs of the importer and exporter. Commodity Trade Finance has grown faster than other syndicated financings due to:

Development of free trade policies
Growing investment and consumption needs in developing countries
Increase in volumes traded
Growing demand for secured assets due to change in risk appetite by banks, regulatory framework and constraints on liquidity






COMMODITY TRADE FINANCE
Low interest rates, market uncertainty and disappointment with passive investments such as long only commodity funds have left investors seeking alternative sources of return.
 
Commodity trade finance has historically been a profitable function of banks, but regulatory changes and balance sheet restructuring following the financial crisis of 2008 has meant that many banks have been forced to scale back this lending business. This has made trade finance significantly harder to access, particular for smaller producers and traders which has led to increased demand for alternative source of finance. However, despite these structural changes, the risk profile at a transaction level remains unchanged which has led to a new opportunity for investors.





Kimura aims to package this return profile into a new category of asset class. By introducing an alternative return profile, we interest investors seeking:

Attractive risk-adjusted returns
Low volatility
Scalability
Asset diversification
Absolute returns
Uncorrelated exposures
Low minimum investment
Transparency, convenience and cost efficiency
The flexibility of quarterly liquidity






INVESTMENT PROCESS
We employ an active investment approach by selecting high quality commodity trade finance transactions across strategic commodities: energy, metals and softs.
 
We seek to deploy funding across the supply chain spectrum from producer, processor/refiner to distributor/merchant trader. Loans are mostly secured against the underlying commodity with additional recourse to the borrower’s balance sheet.
 
Kimura is able to finance any number of senior and junior debt structures as well as configurations of structured debt. Kimura will consider transactions globally, with an initial focus on Europe, CIS, Africa and Asia, and under no circumstance will review transactions involving US sanctioned countries.





Kimura adopts a stringent client on-boarding process. Due diligence is at the centre of the company’s operational mandate. A thorough review process is conducted on each new counterparty and on every transaction.
 
Although defaults within trade finance are already very low, our investment committee aims to mitigate this further by only investing in commodities, regions, counterparties and transactions that satisfy very strict risk and credit parameters. Furthermore, since we take a portfolio approach across many separate and uncorrelated transactions, the risk to overall investor return from possible default in any individual transaction is diversified significantly.
 
Transaction default rate for short-term trade finance 0.02%. (Source: International Chamber of Commerce, 2013 Global Risks Trade Finance Report)





CONSTRUCTING THE PORTFOLIO





1.





Maintain and develop an extensive database of trade finance counterparties covering multiple commodities, regions and deal types.





2.





Identify transactions and counterparties that offer the best risk adjusted exposures





3.





Pass selected transactions and counterparties through rigorous credit and commercial due diligence procedures





4.





Select only transactions which offer superior risk and return  characteristics





5.





Credit is agreed on a non-committed basis and lending is performed on a transaction by transaction basis





6.





Treasury, structuring and risk functions are managed for the lifetime of each transaction.





7.





Transactions are self liquidating and funds including profits and fees are returned to the Fund.






BENEFITS OF INVESTING IN KIMURA






Global diversification
Access to commodity trade finance risk-return profiles
Quarterly liquidity with no long dated lock-ups or other liquidity constraints
No heavily weighted individual commodity or transaction risk
Minimal commodity price exposure
Short term maturities







Highly scalable into the billions of dollars
Highly skilled and experienced management team
Low default risk, concentration risk and volatility
Broadly diversified and transparent exposure to the commodity trade finance industry
A market leading alternative lending source with highly attractive growth potential








































