



Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC Employee Discounts, Employee Benefits, Employee Perks, Employee Discount Program - Corporate Shopping

















Exclusive Offers. Elite Brands. Easy Shopping.



GO 




FOLLOW US: 


login








Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC


Enjoy Private Employee Discounts, Exclusive Pricing and Friends & Family Sales.

























- REAL RECENT OFFERS -





Special employee pricing, everyday discounts,
		private offers, Friends & Family, and more!



You're in good company! All Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC employees are eligible for unbeatable deals at over 250 of the world's best retailers.
Lifetime registration is 100% free to all employees.

FIRST NAME:LAST NAME:EMAIL:CREATE PASSWORD:RE-TYPE PASSWORD:*ALTERNATE EMAIL:Instant Access!
We absolutely respect email privacy. Privacy Policy










Top Companies Eligible For Employee Discounts

ADP, Inc.
Advanced Auto
AIG
Albertsons
Ally Financial Inc.
American Family Insurance Company
Arby's
AT&T Corporation
Avaya Inc.
Amazon.com, Inc.
Amgen Inc.
Apple Inc.
Avis Budget Group, Inc.
3M Company
Abbott Laboratories
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
Aecom Technology Corporation
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
American International Group, Inc.
AOL Inc.
Ashland Inc.
Assurant, Inc.
Autoliv, Inc.
Avery Dennison Corporation
Avon Products, Inc.
Barclays Group US, Inc.
Bechtel Corporation
Best Buy
Big Lots Stores, Inc.
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
Burger King Corporation
Bed Bath & Beyond Inc.
Ball Corporation
Barnes & Noble, Inc.
Baxter International Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Becton, Dickinson and Company
Bemis Company, Inc.
Berkshire Hathaway Inc.
BorgWarner Inc.
Boston Scientific Corporation
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Caesars Entertainment
Cargill, Incorporated
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.
US Department of Justice
Chevron Inc
ConocoPhillips Company
Coventry Health Care Inc.
Cox Enterprises, Inc.
McGraw-Hill
Crown Holdings, Inc.
Charter Communications, Inc.
Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Costco Wholesale Corporation
Cablevision Systems Corporation
Cameron International Corporation
Capital One Financial Corporation
CBRE Group, Inc.
CenturyLink, Inc.
Chubb Corporation
Computer Sciences Corporation
ConAgra Foods, Inc.
Con-way Inc.
Corning Incorporated
CSX Corporation
Cummins Inc.
Delaware North Companies, Inc.
Domino's Pizza 
Dunkin' Donuts 
Olive Garden
Chili's Grill & Bar 
DISH Network Corporation
Dollar Tree, Inc.
Dana Holding Corporation
Danaher Corporation
DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc.
Dean Foods Company
Deutsche Bank USA
US Department of Veterans Affairs
Dillards, Inc.
Dole Food Company, Inc
Dollar General Corporation
Dover Corporation
Dow Chemical Company
Duke Energy Corporation
EmblemHealth, Inc.
Emerson Electric 
Marriott International
Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company
Ernst & Young LLP
Colgate Palmolive
eBay Inc.
Express Scripts
Ecolab Inc.
Eli Lilly and Company
EMC Corporation
EMCOR Group, Inc.
Estee Lauder Companies, Inc.
Exelon Corporation
Exxon Mobil Corporation
First Data Corporation
Facebook, Inc.
Fifth Third Bancorp
Frontier Communications Corporation
Family Dollar Stores, Inc.
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.
FirstEnergy Corporation
Fluor Corporation
Foot Locker, Inc.
Ford Motor Company
Alcoa
Subway
Gamestop Corporation
Gannett Co.
General Electric 
General Mills, Inc.
General Motors Company
Genworth Financial Inc
Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Google Inc.
Halliburton
HCR ManorCare, Inc.
HCSC Group
Health Care Service Corporation
Health Management Associates, Inc.
Health Net, Inc.
Hess Energy Inc.
Highmark Inc.
HSBC Bank USA
Hy-Vee, Inc.
Henry Schein, Inc.
H.J. Heinz Company
Hartford Financial Services Group
Hewlett-Packard Company
Hillshire Brands Company
Home Depot, Inc. 
Honeywell International Inc.
Hormel Foods Corporation
Huntington Ingalls Industries
Independence Blue Cross, Inc.
Instagram, Inc.
International Paper 
Intel Corporation
Illinois Tool Works Inc.
Ingram Micro Inc.
International Business Machines


Jabil Circuit
Jefferies & Company
John Deere
Johnson & Johnson Inc.
J.C. Penney Company
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc.
Jarden Corporation
Johnson Controls, Inc.
Kaiser Foundation Hospitals, Inc.
KFC 
Kiewit Corporation
Kimberly Clark Worldwide Inc.
PwC
Koch Industries, Inc.
Kroger Foods, Inc.
KBR, Inc.
Kellogg Company
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.
Kohls Corporation
Kelly Services, Inc.
Kraft Foods Group, Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America
Liberty Interactive
Liberty Mutual Insurance
Liberty Global, Inc.
L-3 Communications
Las Vegas Sands Corp.
Lazard
LinkedIn Corporation
Loews Corporation
Mars, Incorporated
MASCO, Inc.
McKinsey & Company
Medtronic USA Inc.
Meijer, Inc.
Mattel, Inc.
Micron Technology, Inc.
Microsoft Corporation
Mondelez International, Inc.
ManpowerGroup
Marathon Petroleum Corporation
Marsh & McLennan Companies
Masco Corporation
McDonalds Corporation
Medtronic, Inc.
Merck & Company
Mohawk Industries, Inc.
Monsanto Company
Murphy Oil Corporation
National Oilwell Varco, L.P.
Nationwide
NBC Universal
New York Life Insurance Co.
News Corporation
Northern Trust Corporation
NCR Corporation
Nike, Inc.
Nordstrom, Inc.
Norfolk Southern Corporation
Nucor Corporation
Omnicom Group
OSI Restaurant Partners, LLC
Outback Steakhouse
Office Depot, Inc.
Officemax Incorporated
Omnicare, Inc.
Owens-Illinois, Inc.
Pinterest
Piper Jaffray & Co.
Pitney Bowes Inc.
Pizza Hut
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
Publix Super Markets
Parker-Hannifin Corporation
Pepsico, Inc.
Pfizer, Inc.
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc.
PPG Industries, Inc.
Praxair, Inc.
Prudential Financial
Dairy Queen
PACCAR Inc.
PetSmart, Inc
QUALCOMM Incorporated
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Company
Ralph Lauren Corporation
Raytheon Company
Red Lobster
Regions Financial Corporation
Rite Aid
Rockwell Automation, Inc.
Ross Stores, Inc.
Ryder System, Inc.
Safeway Inc.
SAIC Inc
Samsung International, Inc.
Sanmina, Inc.
Sealed Air Corporation
Sears Holdings Corporation
Sempra Energy
Sherwin-Williams Company 
Smithfield Foods, Inc.
Sodexo, Inc.
Southern Company
Southwest Airlines Company
St. Jude Medical, Inc.
Stanley Black & Decker, Inc.
Starbucks 
Starwood Hotels & Resorts 
State Street Corporation
Stryker Corporation
SunTrust Banks, Inc.
SuperValu Inc.
Symantec Corporation
Taco Bell 
TD Bank, N.A.
Tenet Healthcare Corporation
Tenneco Inc.
Terex Corporation
Texas Instruments Incorporated
Textron Inc.
US Department of Homeland Security
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
US Department of the Treasury
US Department of Agriculture
United States Department of Defense
The Shaw Group Inc.
The Timken Corporation
Travelers Companies, Inc.
Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc
Time Warner Cable
TJX Companies, Inc.
TravelCenters of America 
Twitter, Inc.
Tyson Foods
U.S. Bancorp
Union Pacific Corporation
United Airlines, Inc
United Continental Holdings
United Parcel Service
United States Steel Corporation
United Technologies Corporation
Universal Health Services, Inc.
Unum
URS Corporation
US Airways Inc.


Valero Energy Corporation
Vanguard Health Systems, Inc.
Verizon Communications
Viacom Inc.
Visteon Corporation
W.W. Grainger, Inc.
Walgreen Co.
Walt Disney Company 
Waste Management, Inc.
WellPoint Inc.
Wells Fargo & Company
Wendys 
Weyerhaeuser Company
Whirlpool 
Whole Foods Market, Inc.
Wynn Resorts
Xerox 
Yahoo
YRC Worldwide, Inc.
Yum Brands
Arizona State University
kijian.com
retailcodes.com
McKesson
Bank of America
Citibank
J.P. Morgan Chase & Co.	
Apple
CVS Caremark
IBM
Citigroup
Cardinal Health
UnitedHealth Group
Procter & Gamble
Archer Daniels Midland
AmerisourceBergen
Boeing
Walmart Stores
Target
MetLife
Caterpillar
State Farm Insurance
Comcast
Dell
UPS
Intel
Lowe's
Coca-Cola
Lockheed Martin
Cisco Systems
FedEx
Sysco
CHS
Dupont
Humana
Hess
Oracle
Delta Airlines
Aetna
American Express
Allstate
Morgan Stanley
General Dynamics
Phillip Morris
Mass Mutual
Cigna
Baker Hughes
Aramark
Darden Restaurants
Gap
Lear
Western Digital
3M
Community Health Systems
AMR
American Airlines
Northrop Grumman
State of New York
Fairfax County Public Schools
Los Angeles Unified School District
Houston Independent School District
Hawaii Department of Education
Dallas Independent School District
Montgomery County Public Schools
Credit Suisse
Verizon Wireless
UPS
Sprint
Motorola
O'Reilly Automotive
Interpublic Group
Jones Financial
Freeport McMoRan
HCA Healthcare
Fidelity Investments
 UnitedHealthcare
Highmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
Regence BlueCross BlueShield
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield
State of Texas
UBS
mywalmart.com
Pennsylvania State University
Ohio State University
University of Minnesota
University of Texas at Austin
Ashford University
University of Central Florida
Texas A&M University
University of Florida
Michigan State University
State University of New York
City University of New York
California State University
University of California
Miami Dade College
Indiana University
New York City Department of Education
New York City Public Schools
City of Chicago School District 29
Dade County School District
Broward County School District
Clark County School District
Philadelphia City School Disctrict
Hillsborough County School District
Detroit City School District
Palm Beach County School District
Orange County School District
San Diego City Unified School Disctrict
Prince Georges County Public Schools
Duval County School District
State of California
City of New York
City of Los Angeles
City of Chicago
City of Houston
City of Philadelphia
City of San Antonio
City of San Diego
City of Dallas
City of San Francisco
City of Charlotte
City of Fort Worth
City of Detroit
State Government Employees
Apple EPP
GE





Top Employee Discounts

123 Inkjets
1800Baskets.com
1800Flowers.com
1800Mattress
7 for All Mankind
Advance Auto Parts
Amazon.com
American Eagle Outfitters
Angie's List
Ann Taylor
Ann Taylor Loft
Apple Store
Art.com
Ashford.com
Avis
Banana Republic
Bare Necessities
Barnes & Noble.com
Best Buy
Best Western
Bloomingdales
Blue Nile
Bluefly.com
Bobbi Brown
Brooks Brothers Corporate Membership
Victoria's Secret
Budget-Rent-A-Car
BuyCostumes.com
Calvin Klein 
CheapTickets.com
Choice Hotels®
Uber
Clarins
Clinique
Crate & Barrel
Vegas.com
Orlando Employee Discounts
Crocs.com
Darphin
Experian
Dell Home Systems
UGG
DIRECTV
Drugstore.com
eBags.com
Eddie Bauer
Enterprise Rent-a-Car
Estée Lauder
Expedia.com
Express
Fairmont Hotels
Fandango
Finish Line
Footlocker.com
FragranceNet.com
FTD.com
Gap.com
GNC Vitamins
GoDaddy.com
Godiva
Golf Smith
Groupon
Harry & David
Hertz
Sprint Discount Program
Holiday Inn Express
Holiday Inn® Hotels
Home Depot
Hotels.com
Ice.com
InterContinental® Hotels Group
J. Crew
J. Jill
JC Penney
Kate Spade
Kiehls
Kipling
Kohls.com
La Quinta Inns & Suites
Lancome


Lands' End
Levis
LifeLock Identify Theft
Lord & Taylor
Lowes
Lucky Brand Jeans
Macys
Magazines.com
Marriott Hotels
MLB.com Shop
Modells
Molton Brown
Moosejaw
Motel 6®
Nautica
NBA Store
Saks Fifth Avenue OFF 5TH
Newegg
New York Times
NFL Shop
Nike Store
Nine West
Nordstrom
North Face
Office Depot
Old Navy
Orbitz
Origins
Philosophy
ProFlowers.com
Puma.com
Ralph Lauren
Red Envelope
REI
Restaurant.com
Saks Fifth Avenue
Sears
Sephora.com
Shari's Berries
Sheraton Hotels & Resorts
ShoeBuy.com
ShoeMall.com
Shoes.com
Sierra Trading Post
Snapfish
Solstice Sunglasses
Starbucks
Target
The Childrens Place
The Sports Authority
Tickets Now
TigerDirect.com
Timberland
Tory Burch
Travelocity
TurboTax
Under Armour
Verizon Wireless
Walmart.com
Weight Watchers
Westin Hotels
teleflora
Spanx
Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Club Monaco
Kenneth Cole
HotelStorm
Neiman Marcus Last Call
Rite Aid
Ticket Monster
Pier 1 Imports
Zipcar
Cox Communications
L.L.Bean
Kmart
Walgreens
Staples
T-Mobile
Sprint
Shutterfly


Tiny Prints
Coach
StubHub
hockeymonkey
Eve's Addiction
Pottery Barn
Rag & Bone
iTunes
Asos
Omaha Steaks
SeaWorld Parks
Samsung
Hilton Hotels & Resorts®
Geico
Evite
MICROSOFT HOME USE PROGRAM
Booking.com
Lacoste
Dockers
Cole Haan
CB2
Quicken Loans
Design Within Reach
Hyatt Hotels
Forever 21
West Elm
Liberty Mutual Insurance
CheapOair.com
T.J. Maxx
ESET
HP EMPLOYEE PURCHASE PROGRAM 
buybuy BABY
Old Pueblo Traders
Diesel
Talbots
Bed Bath & Beyond®
Sperry Top-Sider
Toms
Jo Malone
UNIQLO
39DollarGlasses.com
Gilt.com
HalloweenCostumes.com
Ticketmaster
Woot
Esurance
American Apparel
Williams-Sonoma
Verizon Broadband Services
La Mer
nomorerack.com
Carolee
PBteen
Pottery Barn Kids
Verizon Wireless Ford Employees
Verizon Wireless NYU Medical Center Employees
J.Crew Factory
DraftKings
Cars.com
Michael Kors
Billabong
QVC
Dell Member Purchase Program
DISH
American Express® Gift Cards
AccorHotels
LendingTree.com
GE Appliances Warehouse
W Hotels Worldwide
Embassy Suites by Hilton™
InterContinental® Hotels & Resorts
Hilton Garden Inn
Fairfield Inn & Suites® Marriott
Beaches® Resorts 
Atlantis Paradise Island Resort
Sandals Resorts International
Via
Parallels
U.S. Bank



























KCP






 








Search this site
















 



Kinetic Catalyst Partners



Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC6 Occom RidgeHanover, NH 03755603.540.2244info@kinetic-catalyst.com





















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites




















 





Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:01 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview



6 Occom RidgeHanover, NH 03755United States



Phone: 603-540-2244








Key Executives for Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC


Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























KINETIC CATALYST PARTNERS, LLC Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      KINETIC CATALYST PARTNERS, LLC
                    

•   HANOVER, NH
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Kinetic Catalyst Partners is based out of Hanover.    WhaleWisdom has at least 14 13D/G filings in our database for Kinetic Catalyst Partners.
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from KINETIC CATALYST PARTNERS, LLC, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




kinetic catalyst partners, llc


6 OCCOM RIDGE

HANOVER
NH
                                                        
                                                    03755


              Business Phone:
              603-540-2244







Recent SEC Filings




SC 13D/A filed on 01/20/2017
SC 13D/A filed on 12/13/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 11/25/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 09/28/2016
SC 13D/A filed on 12/28/2015
SC 13D/A filed on 12/14/2015
SC 13D/A filed on 10/14/2015
SC 13D filed on 02/12/2015
SC 13G/A filed on 10/23/2014
SC 13G filed on 04/01/2014











Current 13D/G Holdings


Stock
Sector
Shares Held
Market Value
Rank
Source
Source Date





Jacada Ltd (JCDAF)


      INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY
    

      454,265
    

      2,453,031.00
    

      1
    

      13D
    

      2017-01-19
    











Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















    Robert Ashton | Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC | ZoomInfo.com




Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:01 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























      Kinetic Catalyst Partners, Llc 13D Filing - Insider Monkey                          Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.       Home > Insider Trading > Latest 13D and 13G Filings  > 13D Filing (0001144204-17-003213)    Filing Details     Accession Number: 0001144204-17-003213 Form Type: 13D Filing Publication Date: 2017-01-20 17:15:32     Filed By: Kinetic Catalyst Partners, Llc Company:  Jacada Ltd (TLV:JCDA) Filing Date: 2017-01-20 SEC Url:  13D Filing     Ownership Summary   Please notice the below summary table is generated without human intervention and may contain errors. Please refer to the complete filing displayed below for exact figures.    Name Sole Voting Power Shared Voting Power Sole Dispositive Power Shared Dispositive Power Aggregate Amount Owned Power Percent of Class    Kinetic Catalyst Partners    57,788    0    57,788    0      1.3%   Robert B. Ashton    454,265    0    454,265    0      10.2%     Filing   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, DC 20549   SCHEDULE 13D (Rule 13d-101)   INFORMATION
TO BE INCLUDED IN STATEMENTS FILED PURSUANT TO RULE 13d-1(a)
AND AMENDMENTS THERETO FILED PURSUANT TO RULE 13d-2(a)   Under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (Amendment No. 7)*    Jacada Ltd.(Name of Issuer) Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.04 per share (Title of Class of Securities) M6184R101 (CUSIP Number)  Robert B. Ashton Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC 6 Occom Ridge Hanover, NH 03755 (603) 540-2244  With a copy to:   Derek D. Bork Thompson Hine LLP 3900 Key Center 127 Public Square Cleveland, Ohio 44114 (216) 566-5500 (Name, Address and Telephone Number of Person
        Authorized to Receive Notices and Communications) January 19, 2017(Date of Event Which Requires Filing of this Statement)  If the filing person
has previously filed a statement on Schedule 13G to report the acquisition that is the subject of this Schedule 13D, and is filing
this schedule because of §§ 240.13d-1(e), 240.13d-1(f) or 240.13d-1(g), check the following box ¨.   Note: Schedules
filed in paper format shall include a signed original and five copies of the schedule, including all exhibits. See §
240.13d-7 for other parties to whom copies are to be sent.   _______________   * The remainder of this cover page shall
be filled out for a reporting person’s initial filing on this form with respect to the subject class of securities, and for
any subsequent amendment containing information which would alter disclosures provided in a prior cover page.   The information required
on the remainder of this cover page shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purpose of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (“Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section of the Act but shall be subject
to all other provisions of the Act (however, see the Notes).     1  NAME OF REPORTING PERSON   Kinetic Catalyst Partners LLC  2  CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP   (a) ¨(b) ¨3  SEC USE ONLY    4  SOURCE OF FUNDS   WC  5  CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT
        TO ITEM 2(d) or 2(e)   ¨6  CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION   Delaware  NUMBER OF
 SHARES
 BENEFICIALLY
 OWNED BY
 EACH
 REPORTING
 PERSON WITH   7  SOLE VOTING POWER   57,788  8  SHARED VOTING POWER   0  9  SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   57,788 10  SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   011  AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY REPORTING PERSON   57,78812  CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES   ¨13  PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)   1.3%  14  TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON   OO                 1  NAME OF REPORTING PERSON   Robert B. Ashton  2  CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX IF A MEMBER OF A GROUP   (a) ¨(b) ¨3  SEC USE ONLY    4  SOURCE OF FUNDS   PF  5  CHECK IF DISCLOSURE OF LEGAL PROCEEDINGS IS REQUIRED PURSUANT
        TO ITEM 2(d) or 2(e)   ¨6  CITIZENSHIP OR PLACE OF ORGANIZATION   United States  NUMBER
OFSHARESBENEFICIALLYOWNED BYEACHREPORTINGPERSON WITH   7  SOLE VOTING POWER   454,265  8  SHARED VOTING POWER   0  9  SOLE DISPOSITIVE POWER   454,265 10  SHARED DISPOSITIVE POWER   011  AGGREGATE AMOUNT BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY REPORTING PERSON   454,26512  CHECK IF THE AGGREGATE AMOUNT IN ROW (11) EXCLUDES CERTAIN SHARES   ¨13  PERCENT OF CLASS REPRESENTED BY AMOUNT IN ROW (11)   10.2%  14  TYPE OF REPORTING PERSON   IN                 This Amendment No.
7 to Statement of Beneficial Ownership on Schedule 13D (this “Amendment No. 7”) amends the Statement of Beneficial
Ownership on Schedule 13D filed by the Reporting Persons on February 12, 2015 (as amended, the “Schedule 13D” or this
“Statement”), with respect to the Ordinary Shares, par value NIS 0.04 per share (the “Ordinary Shares”),
of Jacada Ltd., an Israeli company (the “Company”). Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Amendment No. 7
shall have the meanings set forth in the Schedule 13D. Except as amended and supplemented by this Amendment No. 7, the Schedule
13D remains unchanged.   Item 3. Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration.   The total cost for
purchasing the Ordinary Shares reported as owned by the Reporting Persons in this Statement, including brokerage commissions, was
approximately $1,865,807. The source of funds was working capital of the Fund and Mr. Ashton’s personal funds.   Item 5. Interest in Securities of the Issuer.   (a)       The
Reporting Persons beneficially own in the aggregate 454,265 Ordinary Shares, which represents approximately 10.2% of the Company’s
outstanding Ordinary Shares.   The Fund holds the
number and percentage of the Ordinary Shares disclosed as beneficially owned by it in the applicable table set forth on the cover
page to this Statement. Mr. Ashton has beneficial ownership of the 346,677 Ordinary Shares that he holds individually and in an
IRA account over which he has sole voting and dispositive power and 49,800 Ordinary Shares that have been gifted to accounts for
Mr. Ashton’s children established under the Uniform Transfer to Minors Act and over which shares, as a trustee for such accounts,
Mr. Ashton retains the sole voting and dispositive power. In addition, as the portfolio manager for the Fund, Mr. Ashton has the
sole power to direct the voting and disposition of the Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by the Fund. Mr. Ashton expressly disclaims
beneficial ownership of the Fund’s Ordinary Shares.   Each percentage ownership
of Ordinary Shares set forth in this Statement is based on 4,453,696 Ordinary Shares estimated to be outstanding, as calculated
by taking (i) 4,192,409 Ordinary Shares reported by the Company as outstanding as of March 31, 2016 in its Annual Report on Form
20-F filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2016 and adding (ii) 261,287 Ordinary Shares purchased by IGP
Digital Interaction Limited Partnership on November 14, 2016, as reported by the Company in its Report of Foreign Private Issuer
on Form 6-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15, 2016.   (b)       The
Fund beneficially owns, and has the sole power to direct the voting and disposition of, the Ordinary Shares disclosed as beneficially
owned by the Fund in the applicable table set forth on the cover page to this Statement. Mr. Ashton, as the portfolio manager of
the Fund, has the sole power to direct the voting and disposition of the Ordinary Shares held by the Fund. See also Item 5(a) above.   (c)       The
transactions effected by the Reporting Persons in the Ordinary Shares since the filing of Amendment No. 6 to the Schedule 13D on
December 13, 2016 are set forth on Schedule A to this Statement. Each of these transactions was effected through the open market.       SIGNATURE   After reasonable inquiry
and to the best of our knowledge and belief, the undersigned certify that the information set forth in this Statement is true,
complete and correct.   In accordance with
Rule 13d-1(k)(1)(iii) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the persons named below agree to the joint filing
on behalf of each of them of this Statement on Schedule 13D with respect to the Ordinary Shares of the Company.   Dated: January 20, 2017   KINETIC CATALYST PARTNERS LLC    /s/
    Robert B. Ashton  Robert
    B. Ashton  Manager     /s/
    Robert B. Ashton  Robert
    B. Ashton      Schedule A   Transactions by the Reporting Persons since
the filing of Amendment No. 6 to Schedule 13D:   Robert B. Ashton:   Transaction Date  Number of SharesBought/(Sold)   Price PerShare ($)12/16/2016  19,800  $5.2512/20/2016  7,200  $5.3012/22/2016  1,100  $5.2812/29/2016  3,200  $5.1201/04/2017  3,900  $5.2001/12/2017  200  $5.1601/13/2017  225  $5.2301/19/2017  11,687  $5.38              Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds     Hot Topics     Apple (AAPL) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Warren Buffett News & Analysis - Portfolio & Stock Picks   Biggest Insider Purchases & Sales News & Analysis - Data Screener   Google (GOOG) Latest Stock News - Company Profile   Microsoft (MSFT) Latest Stock News - Company Profile             Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.             



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Kinekt Design



























































GEAR RING®,$165





 SIZE 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20


 sizing chart » pdf







Free worldwide shipping
VAT/Duty not included
Lifetime warranty included
Easy return and exchange policy with no restocking fees





Additional Views












GEAR RING®

			The patented Gear Ring is made from high quality matte stainless steel. It features micro-precision gears that turn in unison when the outer rims are spun (as can be seen in the video). It is currently available for purchase in sixteen standard US ring sizes: 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 & 20.
For sizing, please note that our ring is wider than average. If you are a half size, we recommend ordering the next whole size up (one half size larger).
The Gear Ring sizing is unisex for both men and women.  As general guidance, the average sizes for an adult man are Size 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13.  The average ring sizes for an adult woman are Size 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. 
For international sizing, please be sure to reference a conversion chart since ring sizes do vary by country. The Gear Ring is based on US/Canadian measurements.
When using our sizing chart, please make sure you follow Steps 1 and 2 carefully.  If these 2 steps are not followed, the sizing chart will print to the wrong scale and you will not be able to acquire the correct size you need. You may need to modify your printer settings and uncheck the “fit to scale” box or set to 100% before printing.
Gift cards for the Gear Ring are available. Please email us for more information.
We gladly offer a full money back guarantee (see FAQ section) if you are unsatisfied with your purchase for any reason.



Videos

























All content Copyright Kinekt Design LLC  |  Gear Ring and Gear Necklace patented  |  All rights reserved  |  Site design by Shellshock








Kinekt Design



























































GEAR RING®,$165





 SIZE 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20


 sizing chart » pdf







Free worldwide shipping
VAT/Duty not included
Lifetime warranty included
Easy return and exchange policy with no restocking fees





Additional Views












GEAR RING®

			The patented Gear Ring is made from high quality matte stainless steel. It features micro-precision gears that turn in unison when the outer rims are spun (as can be seen in the video). It is currently available for purchase in sixteen standard US ring sizes: 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 & 20.
For sizing, please note that our ring is wider than average. If you are a half size, we recommend ordering the next whole size up (one half size larger).
The Gear Ring sizing is unisex for both men and women.  As general guidance, the average sizes for an adult man are Size 9, 10, 11, 12, and 13.  The average ring sizes for an adult woman are Size 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9. 
For international sizing, please be sure to reference a conversion chart since ring sizes do vary by country. The Gear Ring is based on US/Canadian measurements.
When using our sizing chart, please make sure you follow Steps 1 and 2 carefully.  If these 2 steps are not followed, the sizing chart will print to the wrong scale and you will not be able to acquire the correct size you need. You may need to modify your printer settings and uncheck the “fit to scale” box or set to 100% before printing.
Gift cards for the Gear Ring are available. Please email us for more information.
We gladly offer a full money back guarantee (see FAQ section) if you are unsatisfied with your purchase for any reason.



Videos

























All content Copyright Kinekt Design LLC  |  Gear Ring and Gear Necklace patented  |  All rights reserved  |  Site design by Shellshock








Kinekt Design























































GEAR RING®$165




GEAR NECKLACE®$185




KINEKT SET$330






GEAR NECKLACE MINI$125




M-PM SHIRT$25





R(EVOLVE) SHIRT$25






GIFT CARD







All content Copyright Kinekt Design LLC  |  Gear Ring and Gear Necklace patented  |  All rights reserved  |  Site design by Shellshock









Kinekt Design
























































FAQ CATEGORIES

Gear Ring Information
Gear Necklace Information
Ordering
Shipping & Delivery
Refunds & Exchanges
Privacy
Trademarks & Copyrights
Other






			For help and technical support contact us>>

Gear Ring Information

What material is used in your product?
The Gear Ring is fabricated using 316L, which is the highest quality surgical stainless steel in the jewelry market. Stainless steel has properties which make it highly durable and resistant to tarnishing, fading, scratching, and rusting. It will not bend or break and is hypoallergenic for those with metal allergies.
How do I know which ring size to order?
If you are uncertain of your ring size, please refer to our sizing chart to guide you. It is important to follow the instructions carefully and the sizing chart MUST be printed.  You can not obtain your measurement by viewing the sizing chart on your monitor.  Our rings are available in whole sizes, so if you are a half size, we recommend ordering the next whole size up (one half size larger).  Our sizing chart represents ring sizes for the US and Canada. 

How do I care for my stainless steel Gear Ring?
To care for your Gear Ring, it is recommended to soak it in warm soapy water and wipe dry with a soft cloth. Please be sure to not use any harsh abrasives or household chemicals which may damage its natural protective coat. Please note that certain grainy materials (such as sand) may clog the gears, making the ring difficult to spin, and may be difficult to remove. Do not try to oil or lubricate the ring. Do not try to dismantle or modify the construction of the ring in any manner as this may make it become impossible to repair.  We kindly request that you contact us should the need arise.
			Finally, as with any piece of jewelry, please take caution and do not wear while working with any machinery, equipment or hazardous substances.
Do you offer engraving services for the inside of the Gear Ring?
We are not able to offer engraving services directly. One of the main reasons we do not offer this service is due to errors in sizing.  We gladly offer size exchanges but this would become complicated if rings were engraved prior to making sure the ring fits.  However, we do recommend taking the Gear Ring to a local jeweler once you confirm that you have the size that fits. 
Will the colored rings lose their color over time?
Our colored rings are plated over stainless steel.  Due to the nature of PVD plating, it is normal that over time the plating may wear off.  However, we have made sure to apply a very thick layer of plating to increase the longevity of the color. 
If the color starts wearing away on my colored ring, can I send it back to be re-plated?
Yes, we will be able to re-plate your ring for an additional fee.  Please contact us if needed to learn more.
What is not covered with the Limited Lifetime Warranty?
Due to the nature of PVD plating, we can not replace your colored Gear Ring if the plating wears off over time due to normal wear and tear.  The plating/coating is not included in our warranty. However, if your item becomes damaged or if there seems to be a manufacturer's defect at any time after your purchase, we will gladly exchange your item for a new one. The Limited Lifetime Warranty is automatically part of your original order. Your ring and receipt will be required to process your warranty transaction. The only cost to you is a shipping/handling fee to send the replacement to you. Please contact us so we may quickly process your warranty.
How is my order packaged? May I send it as a gift? Is there gift-wrapping available?
Your Gear Ring will arrive in a Kinekt Design box. You may add a gift tag to any order, free of charge. We are currently unable to offer gift-wrapping service.
The Gear Ring and Gear Necklace are awesome! Will there be any other products by Kinekt Design coming out soon?
Kinekt Design is always striving to bring you new unique products. Please be sure to check back for new announcements on our website. To be sure you don't miss any new product launches, please join our mailing list.










Gear Necklace Information

What material is used in the Gear Necklace?
The Gear Necklace, including the ball chain, clasp, and tag is fabricated out of 316L stainless steel, which is the highest quality stainless steel in the jewelry market. It is light-weight and very comfortable to wear.  To fully appreciate the tactile sensation the Gear Necklace offers, it is encouraged to experience and feel the movement firsthand. 
How do I know what length necklace to order? 
The length options offered (18”, 20”, and 30”) are all the length of the necklace chain.  See our length guide as a reference point to how these different lengths may fit.  Please note this is only a general guidance since the fit will vary from person to person.  The size of the heart pendant will remain the same regardless of the chain length.  
Are there any other lengths offered?
We may be able to make a custom length for you so please email us for more details.
How do I care for my stainless steel Gear Necklace?
To care for your Gear Necklace, it is recommended to soak it in warm soapy water and wipe dry with a soft cloth. 
			Please be sure to not use any harsh abrasives or household chemicals, which may damage its natural protective coat. 
			Please note that certain grainy materials (such as sand) may clog the gears, making the gears difficult to spin, and
			 may be difficult to remove. Do not try to oil or lubricate the necklace.  It is possible to remove the chain if 
			 needed for easier cleaning.  We kindly request that you contact us should the need arise. Finally, as with any piece 
			 of jewelry, please take caution and do not wear while working with any machinery, equipment or hazardous substances.
How easily does hair get caught in the necklace?
The necklace is designed so that the gears and movement are recessed, or set down lower, inside the pendant.   Since the gears do not sit on the top surface of the necklace, it is not easy for hair to get caught.   We understand your concern but we have never found this to be an issue through all our own testing.  As your satisfaction with our product is highly important to us, we will gladly offer you a refund should it not meet your expectations.
Do you offer engraving services for the Gear Necklace?
We are not able to offer engraving services directly.  However, we do recommend that you take the necklace to a local jeweler to provide this service.
How is my Gear Necklace packaged?
Your Gear Necklace will arrive in a custom-designed Kinekt Design box.
May I send it as a gift?  Can I include a gift message? Is there gift-wrapping available?
Yes, you may send the Gear Necklace as a gift.  If you do not want us to include a packing slip with your order, 
			please send a “note to seller” during the checkout process so we know not to include it.   You may include a gift 
			message during the checkout process and we will include your note written on a gift card.  No, we are currently 
			unable to offer gift-wrapping service at this time.
How do I receive my lifetime warranty?
Your lifetime warranty comes automatically when you make your purchase.  You do not need to do anything further.  
			If anything should arise, please just email us and let us know.  You will only have to provide the original buyer 
			information so we can verify the purchase in our system.
How do I get a rebate on my Gear Necklace purchase?  Is it possible to get a rebate if I did not purchase a Gear Ring? 
We are only offering the Gear Necklace rebate to those who have already purchased a Gear Ring as a special reward to our current customers.  This rebate does NOT apply to the Gear Necklace Mini. Please note that we do offer the Kinekt Set (the Gear Ring and Gear Necklace) together at a discounted special price.  If you have purchased a Gear Ring, and want a rebate on the Gear Necklace, please fill out the Mail-In Rebate Form.  Follow the instructions carefully on the form in order to avoid any delays. 


Ordering

I am getting an error when I enter my credit card.
If you are not able to make a purchase, please 
			contact us			
			and we will conduct the transaction over the phone. To place an order over the phone, please call 888-600-8494 (new orders only please). The order desk does not have prior order information, shipping data, tracking data or return information. We are available to take your phone orders seven days a week between 6 AM EST and 11 PM EST. For all customer service questions including returns, tracking, shipping or any other questions, please 
			contact us.

How long will it take to process my order? Upon placing my order, when will I receive it?
Our typical processing time can take up to 72 hours from the time the order is placed. Once your order is ready, we will ship it out to the address you entered via our shopping cart. If you entered your email address correctly, you will receive an email notification that lets you know “Your package is on its way”.  Please be sure to check your spam or bulk mail folder.
			The shipping time will vary based on your location and your selected shipping method. Please keep in mind we have no control over shipping services and we can not be held responsible for delays that may occur. If you require your order to arrive before a specific date, we highly recommend selecting Express shipping during checkout.
What kind of payment method do you accept?
We offer safe and encrypted payment through Paypal. We accept Paypal, PayPal e-checks and credit cards (Visa, Mastercard, Amex, Discover) all through Paypal. A PayPal account is not required in order to make a purchase. If you would like to pay via an alternative method (money order, check, etc.), please
			contact us.

Will I be charged any tax or duties for my purchase?
Only if you live in the state of New Jersey will you be required to pay 7% sales tax. If you do not live in NJ, you will not have to pay sales tax. International customers are responsible for any applicable customs duties, tariffs, taxes and/or Value Added Tax (VAT) that your respective country charges.


Shipping & Delivery

How much do you charge for shipping? What are my shipping options?
As an appreciation of your business, we offer free delivery worldwide. For free shipping within the US, we ship by USPS Priority Mail service. For free shipping outside of the US, we ship via USPS Priority Mail International. All free shipping includes insurance as well as delivery confirmation.
			We will do our best to deliver your order within the estimated time. However, since we cannot guarantee that free shipments will arrive by a certain date, we suggest you select USPS Express Domestic Mail service, should this be a concern for you. Additional USPS shipping rates will apply.
How can I track my package?
If you opted for free shipping, you will receive a USPS Delivery Confirmation number delivered to your e-mail address upon shipping. You may visit www.usps.com in order to track your order.
Do you offer Express delivery service?
Yes, we offer Express Delivery service for an additional charge.  You may select this option towards the end of the checkout process. You will need to select Express shipping from the drop down menu. For domestic orders, scheduled delivery will be for the next business day.   For international orders, Express delivery will vary based on the location of your country. If you do not select Express shipping during the checkout process, your package will be sent with regular mail.  If you have additional questions, please contact us.


Refunds & Exchanges

What is your refund/return policy?
As your satisfaction with our product is highly important to us, we will gladly offer you a refund should it not meet your expectations. Our policy allows for a 30 day return (from the date of receipt) and a 100% refund on the cost of the item purchased. Please note there are no refunds on shipping costs incurred to ship the item back to us. We also can not process the refund without a return merchandise authorization or RMA #.
			To return an item for a refund:
Contact us
			in order to receive your RMA # required for the return. Download and fill out our return form, place the item in its original condition in a padded envelope or box, and include a copy of your receipt including your RMA #. Let us know the reason for your return since we strive to provide the best service & product to our customers. Send your package to the address below. We recommend you insure the package as we can not be responsible for lost or damaged items incurred during shipping.
Kinekt Design
			Attn: Return
			184 S. Livingston Ave Suite 9-239
			Livingston, NJ 07039
What if I ordered the wrong size? May I send it back for an exchange?
We will gladly offer you unlimited exchanges until you find the size fits you correctly. In order to prevent ordering the wrong size, please refer to our sizing chart to help guide you to make 	the right selection. Our policy allows a 30-day exchange (from the date of receipt). Please 	note there are no refunds on shipping costs incurred to ship the item back to us. We cannot process the exchange without a return merchandise authorization or RMA#. We will ship the exchanged item back to you for free via USPS FCM or Priority service depending on your location.
			To exchange an item for a different size:
Contact us
			in order to receive your RMA # required for the exchange. Download and fill out our exchange form, place the item in its original condition in a padded envelope or box, and include a copy of your receipt including your RMA #. Please write on the receipt the new size you would like to receive. Send your package to the address below. We recommend you insure the package as we can not be responsible for lost or damaged items incurred during shipping.
Kinekt Design
			Attn: Exchange
			184 S. Livingston Ave Suite 9-239
			Livingston, NJ 07039
How will I know when you receive my returned package for an exchange or refund?
If you want to ensure that we receive your package, please be sure to purchase postage including delivery confirmation so that you may track the package on your own.  We are NOT able to track the return packages for you.  Once we receive your package, it takes approximately 1-2 business days to process your request. You will receive an email notification (to the email address you provided on your Exchange Form) as soon as we prepare your package to ship.
			For refunds, you will receive an email notification confirming that the refund has been issued. If your package’s tracking shows it was delivered to us and you don’t hear from us after 72 hours, please contact us and let us know.
Do you have any warranty or guarantees on your product?
Yes, we offer a lifetime warranty that is automatically part of your original order. If your item becomes damaged or if there seems to be a manufacturer's defect at any time after your purchase, we will gladly exchange your item for a new one. Your ring and receipt will be required to process your warranty transaction. The only cost to you is a shipping/handling fee to send the replacement to you. Please 
			contact us
			so we may quickly process your warranty.


Privacy

What is your privacy policy?
As you browse, a "cookie" automatically logs the domain name and IP address. This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and does not identify individuals. If you join our e-mail newsletter list, your address is only used by us and will never be sold or distributed to a third party.


Trademarks, Copyrights, & Patents

May I use any designs on your website?
All designs and graphics and their section and arrangement on this website are the copyright of Kinekt Design, or their affiliates or content providers. Kinekt, Gear Ring and Gear Necklace are all registered trademarks. Permission is granted to users to electronically copy or print portions of this site for their own personal non-commercial use. Any other use on this site without the prior written consent of Kinekt Design or its affiliates or content providers is prohibited. By using this site, you agree not to alter or adapt or to create any derivative work from, any content on this site. The Gear Ring and Gear Necklace are both patented and protected by numerous other patents (both design and utility), as well as other Intellectual Property rights, both in the USA and Internationally.


Other

Do you offer any gift card/gift certificate on your products?
Yes, we offer a customized paper gift card.  Please contact us to place an order for the gift card.
			
Is Kinekt Design open to any design collaborations and/or other projects?
Yes, please contact us with any inquiries in regards to potential collaborations and we will be glad to discuss further with you.
			
What kind of services does Kinekt Design offer? 
Kinekt Design offers product design/production, product ideation and prototyping, packaging design, sourcing and manufacturing, building financial data models to ensure viability, conducting market research, website development, design promotion, product fulfillment and logistics, retail sale programs including advertising campaigns, and customer satisfaction surveys.  Please contact us to learn more. 
			







All content Copyright Kinekt Design LLC  |  Gear Ring and Gear Necklace patented  |  All rights reserved  |  Site design by Shellshock











catalyst partners llc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs





Searches related tocatalyst partners llc



growth catalyst partners llc


catalyst storage partners


catalyst development group llc


catalyst capital partners



catalyst partners grand rapids


catalysis partners


catalyst growth partners


catalyst ventures




Web Results

Catalyst Partners

catalystdc.com


Catalyst Partners is a government relations and public affairs firm specializing in helping small businesses, major trade associations, not-for-profits and Fortune ...



Public Affairs



News



Practice Areas



Overview



Business Development



Clients



Home - Catalyst Partners

catalystpartners.com


success takes more than a good idea “Catalyst Partners is a capital advisory and principal investment firm focused on developing growth-stage energy and emerging ...


Catalyst Partners Management, LLC

catalystlp.com


Investor Login. © 2017 Catalyst Partners Management, LLC. Disclaimer; Term & Conditions; Privacy Policy


Team - Catalyst Partners

catalystpartners.com/team


Seth is an entrepreneur and financial professional focused on the execution of transformative ideas. At Catalyst Partners, Seth is helping growth-stage companies to ...


the catalyst partners llc

www.thecatalystpartnersllc.com


There is never a convenient time for a crisis. The best way to prevent a PR crisis is to avoid the crisis! Learn from the pros! Put Catalyst Partners’ decades of ...


About Us : Catalyst Partners Management, LLC

catalystlp.com/about-us


Welcome to Catalyst Partners. Catalyst Partners is a private investment firm. The firm manages discretionary capital for professional and public corporations, high ...


Catalyst Partners, LLC - Bizapedia.com

https://www.bizapedia.com/us/catalyst-partners-llc.html


There are 20 companies that go by the name of Catalyst Partners, LLC in Aransas Pass TX, Atlanta GA, Boulder CO, Center Harbor NH, Centreville VA, Charlotte ...


About Us - the catalyst partners llc

www.thecatalystpartnersllc.com/about-us


In 2007, Akin started his own firm focusing on public policy issues, political campaigns, public relations and marketing. Akin has consulted on numerous gubernatorial ...


CATALYST PARTNERS LLC - NEW YORK, NY - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/catalystpartnersllc...


Find the CATALYST PARTNERS LLC business profile in NEW YORK, NY at DandB.com. Explore the Credibility Review Business Directory to learn more.


General Catalyst - Official Site

generalcatalyst.com


Funds breakthrough ventures and backs exceptional entrepreneurs via capital, business building resources and strategic support.










Form An LLC At Incorporate.com - Explore The Advantages Here



Ad
 ·
www.incorporate.com/​llc



Protect Your Personal Assets, Gain Tax Advantages and More In Minutes.





3 Step Process



Ready To Incorporate?



Learning Center Resources




Start Your Business



LLC vs. Corporation



Maintain Your Business





Get Started On Your LLC Today - Simple & Reliable Process



Ad
 ·
www.legalzoom.com/​llc



Start a Limited Liability Company. Safeguard Your Personal Assets!





How To Start An LLC



LLC Pricing Packages




LLC or Corporation?



LLC FAQs




Searches related tocatalyst partners llc



growth catalyst partners llc


catalyst storage partners


catalyst development group llc


catalyst capital partners



catalyst partners grand rapids


catalysis partners


catalyst growth partners


catalyst ventures




12345Next






Answers







Catalyst (building)



managed by John Joyce. Northwood Ravin LLC currently manages the building for owner C and J Catalyst LLC. Catalyst's first floor contains 19,792 SF of...

more






Judy Green (socialite)



Gerry, the son of Robert L. Gerry III (b. 1937), in 2000. Gerry is a managing partner at Catalyst Partners LLC, a private investment management company...

more






Asia Catalyst



to "ensure that the voices of marginalized communities are heard, and that Asia Catalyst's work focuses on the real, and most pressing, rights...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








