


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Thomas King Obituary - Avon, NY | Rochester Democrat And Chronicle






 































































































Services






Stephenson-Dougherty Funeral Home, Inc. 




350 Genesee Street


Avon, NY  14414



585-226-2340


View Map


Send Flowers











Resources


More Obituaries for Thomas King


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Thomas E. King


Obituary
Condolences




























King, Thomas E.Avon: May 4, 2013 at age 70. He is survived by his loving wife of 45 years, Linda King of Geneseo; children, Kristine (Boe) Langless of Geneseo, Kelsey (Donald) Tumminelli of Conesus, Patrick King of Lima; grandchildren, Jessica, Ian, Kaitlin Langless, Megan, Kiley Tumminelli; sisters, Patricia (Robert) Hendricks of Avon, Rita King (Joe Callahan) of Geneseo. He was predeceased by his parents, Rita and Fred King; brother, James King. Tom was a former member of the Avon Lions Club.Friends are invited to call Monday 2-4, 7-9 PM at the Stephenson-Dougherty Funeral Home Inc., 350 Genesee St., Avon. Tuesday at 9:30 AM his Funeral Mass will be held at St. Agnes Church, Avon. In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the Monroe Community Hospital Foundation and the Visiting Nurse Foundation.



Published in Rochester Democrat And Chronicle from May 11 to May 12, 2013


Read More











Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.







1 Entry



The Guest Book is Expired
Please restore the Guest Book to share in the life story for THOMAS E. KING




"I worked with Tom at GM Rochester Products Division. Tom taught me a lot about Production Control. I remember many times telling Tom I was about to shut down one of the Quad assembly lines. We then jumped on..."- 

Restore the guest book





















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries













































				More Information
			
















Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.





































Thomas E King                                                                                                            - Andover                                           , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Andover



Plastering, Drywall, and Insulation



Drywall



                            Thomas E King
                                    



 





















T 


Thomas E King                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



6 SCENIC DR ANDOVER, NJ 07821
Get Directions



(908) 852-9382
 





Business Info



 Founded 1982
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $280,000.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Drywall
 Contacts Thomas E King                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 1982, Thomas E King                                                                                                            has been providing Drywall from Andover. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







T

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























King Thomas E | Scott SC | Read Reviews + Get a Free Quote | BuildZoom


































































×





Want a quote from
King Thomas E?


We recommend getting 3 quotes
for any construction project. 
Use our
free bidding system
to get a quote from King Thomas E
+ 2 more of the best.



Tell us about your project









Is this your business? Claim now >






K







Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are King Thomas E, update license info here.




Scott, SC









King Thomas E




this is my business



Contact us






Alert*



*No active license on file. If you are King Thomas E, update license info here.




WRITE A REVIEW















Summary

this is my business
request a quote















Home

 
/


Search

 



Updated: Jul 12, 2017





Overview

Their BuildZoom score of 0 does not rank in the top 50% of South Carolina contractors.If you are thinking of hiring King Thomas E, we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board and using our bidding system to get competitive quotes. 




Where King Thomas E Works


Google





Project Types Offered



Commercial Construction
Other New Construction
Kitchen Addition
Bathroom Addition
Room Addition
Other Additions
Multi-Room Remodel
Kitchen Remodel
Bathroom Remodel
Basement Remodel
Commercial Renovation
Multi-Family Remodeling
Other Remodeling
Office Renovation
Restaurant Renovation
Retail Renovation
Other Tenant Improvement
Framing
Garage Construction






Contact




Street Address: 1104 Palmetopoint, Scott, SC 29920 

Edit





Do you work for this business?
Unlock this free profile
to update company info and see who's viewing your profile.






Similar Contractors
See more









39 Sheridan Park Cir Ste 8, Bluffton, SC 29910



Sea Castle Commercial Builders




License # CLG114768


Bluffton, SC







95

BZ Score


$80.3K
Avg Project 


1
Project














8 seabrook landing dr, Hilton Head Island, SC 29926

(864) 990-3081 ext. 146


Cottonwood Commercial Inc




License # CLG12708


Hilton Head Island, SC







107

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


74
Projects














399 Honey Hill Rd, Hardeeville, SC 29927
(864) 990-3081 ext. 2068


Hastilow's Commercial Interiors




License # CLG118707


Hardeeville, SC







95

BZ Score


-
Avg Project 


3
Projects













King Thomas E Reviews



BuildZoom hasn't received any reviews for King Thomas E. Click here to be alerted when reviews are posted about them.



Please write a review about King Thomas E










1
Rate this contractor







Click stars to rate




2
Provide a detailed review of this contractor.






 














Recent Buildzoom Projects


View all








Custom Home Build










Restaurant Buildout










Swimming Pool Project










Kitchen Remodel










Bathroom Remodel








Request a Quote





Explore BuildZoom

If you are considering hiring King Thomas E,
we recommend double-checking their license status with the license board
and using our
bidding system
to get competitive quotes.




Hiring a contractor?






Get bids from BuildZoom's best contractors within 5 mins during regular business hours by filling out this form




I need help with...





Zip Code





Request Quotes From





0


King Thomas E








95


Sea Castle Commercial Builders







107


Cottonwood Commercial Inc







95


Hastilow's Commercial Interiors






Request a Quote







License info














Unverified License


License #RB0034076StatusUnable To VerifyStateFloridaTypeRegistered Building Contractor


BuildZoom was not able to verify this license with the licensing board












ALERT*




BuildZoom Score


How the BuildZoom Score works*No active license on file. If you are King Thomas E, update license info here.








Follow this contractor








Employees







King Thomas E



















Before you Hire

Here are some rules, regulations, and laws governing general contractors
in Florida:













Does King Thomas E carry a valid contracting license?



If you pay someone to construct a building or a structure, make structural alterations to load bearing walls, or perform services such as plumbing or air conditioning work, that person must have a state contractor's license.
King Thomas E currently holds license RB0034076 (Registered Building Contractor), which was Inactive when we last checked. 











How important is contractor licensing in Florida?



The Florida Construction Industry License Board maintains high standards for contractor licensing. Prior to receiving their license, Florida contractors are required to prove four years of relevant work experience or education; pass a board examination and prove financial solvency.











Your liability risk when hiring King Thomas E



In Florida, licensed contractors with employees are required to carry workers' compensation insurance and attest they have obtained public liability and property damage insurance in the amounts determined by the Board.











Financial recourse when hiring King Thomas E



Florida maintains a recovery fund, called the Florida Homeowners' Construction Recovery Fund, which is available to a natural person who has suffered monetary damages by the financial mismanagement or misconduct of a contractor, and who has exhausted all other sources of payment. The Board makes the determination of eligibility for an award. Florida contractors are not required to carry an active bond.











What else should I know before hiring King Thomas E



As of 2007, the Florida DBPR began requiring license applicants to submit their fingerprints, which are used to run a criminal background check with the Florida Department of Law Enforcement. In addition, they are required to provide a credit report during the license application process to demonstrate financial stability. 











How is the BuildZoom score calculated?



The BuildZoom score is based on a number of factors including the contractor's license status, insurance status, verified work history, standing with local consumer interest groups, verified reviews from other BuildZoom users and self-reported feedback from the contractor.











Why you should hire through BuildZoom



When it comes to major construction work or even minor alterations to your home, hiring the wrong contractor could result in incomplete or defective work. You may even find yourself dealing with huge liability claims. BuildZoom does the homework for you and helps you hire the right contractor.











You should get several bids before hiring a contractor



The Florida Construction Industry License Board recommends getting at least three written bids before hiring a contractor. Do not automatically accept the lowest bid - an abnormally low bid may indicate the contractor made a mistake and is not including the same work quoted by their competitors. We've made the bid collection process extremely simple (and free). Just click here to get started.









About BuildZoom






BuildZoom has one simple purpose: To help you find the perfect contractor
for any job, commercial or residential.


BuildZoom is a database of every licensed contractor in the United States.
We work hard to figure out who the great contractors are, and who the bad
contractors are.

more...





BuildZoom combines license information on 3.5 million contractors with
110 million building permits, and over 80,000
reviews from property owners.If you are looking for a specific
contractor and you can’t find them on BuildZoom, it’s likely that they do
not have a license - please
contact us
and we’ll try to help!



Finding a Contractor through BuildZoom



The best way to use BuildZoom is to let us recommend contractors for
your remodeling projects.


Homeowners who

hire through BuildZoom's free bidding system
 report high rates of satisfaction, and homeowners who research
contractors online are twice as likely to be happy at the end of their
project.


If you hire a contractor through BuildZoom, that contractor is
accountable to us. We can enforce standards of behavior, mediate
disputes, and guarantee satisfaction.



Read more about why hiring through BuildZoom is so effective.
 
less...









Press Coverage





BuildZoom’s database now contains every licensed contractor across the U.S. - over 2.5 million of them... Categorized contractor profiles are enriched using government data from state licensing boards, Better Business Bureau ratings, and more…


BuildZoom jumped into the fray by announcing that it raised $10.6 million in a round led by Formation 8. ...the Y combinator-backed startup said it will be focused on remodeling projects, where the median budget is around $19,000…


A new index compiled by BuildZoom — which identifies contractors for projects — found that renovations are
running 2.8 percent above their 2005 level…




















×
Contact King Thomas E
We will attempt to deliver your message to King Thomas E. We'll notify you when it is delivered.













Your Name

Your Email

Your Phone (optional)

Your Message

I'm interested in speaking with you about a project. Are you available to chat today?

 









‹
›
×




×












 
How the BuildZoom Score Works
Read more about the BuildZoom scoring algorithm here.


A Licensed Contractor Starts with 90 Points.


Their score will increase or decrease based on these variables.
























Positive Client Feedback





Verified License + Insurance





Project History





Community Participation





Profile Page Content


Employee Info
Years in Business
Contact Info
Project Photos









Suspended or Inactive License





Negative Client Feedback





Limited Work History
























Browse remodeling photos
If you are looking for remodeling ideas, you can browse hundreds of beautiful photos of work performed by our general contractors.






Browse building permits
You can use our building permit search to see the contractors who are active in your neighborhood and the projects currently taking place.






Get a cost estimate
Use our remodeling calculator to get a ballpark estimate for your project. If you're ready to hire, use our bidding system to get actual quotes from local contractors.




































































 FDA Regulation of Combination Products 








 
































Download android app    Toll free: +1-800-447-9407     
			 
Sign In |
				    Sign Up








  







   
            Cart 0







Home
About Us
Webinars

Category

 Medical Device (ISO 13485) 
 Drugs / Biologics 
 FDA Compliance 
 Food & Beverages 
 Quality Management (ISO 9001) 
 OSHA Compliance 
 IT Security 
 Sox Compliance 
 Clinical Compliance 
 Auditing/Accounting & Tax 
 Banking & Insurance 
 Geology and Mining 
 Risk Management 
 Project Management 
 Intellectual Property Law 
 Excel Spreadsheet Techniques 
 FAA Compliance 
 Trade & Logistics 
 Retail 
 Environmental Compliance 


Webinar Pack
Products/E-Books
Resource Directory
















Advanced Search:  










Search Webinars:



Search By





Category


All
Aerospace Defense
Auditing/Accounting & Tax
Automotive Transport
Banking & Insurance
Clinical Compliance
Construction
Corporate Social Responsibility
Documentation/Records
Drugs/Biologics
Education
Electronics & Semiconductor
Energy
Engineering/Science
Environmental compliance
FDA Compliance
Food & Beverages
General counsel/Accountant
Geology & Mining
Government
Intellectual Property
Medical & Surgical
Operation
Purchasing & Vendor Relation
Quality
Retail
Risk Management
Science and Technology
Supply Chain
Trade & Logistics





Speakers


All

								 Steven Walfish

								 Jeff Kasoff

								 Teri C. Soli

								 Miles Hutchinson

								 Gina Lowdermilk

								 Rodriguez Gonzalez

								 Lynne Hare

								 Donald Jones

								 Norman G. Marriott

								 Denise Cicchella

								 Fred Vacelet

								 Stuart Gardner

								 Dev Raheja

								 Stephen Alvania

								 Jack Bleiberg

								 Roger Nakata

								 Anthony Goode

								 Ms. Michael Redmond

								 Reuven Rubinson

								 Ray Kulzick

								 James Bone

								 Kenneth D. Simonson

								 Anthony Kioussis

								 Robert E. Davis

								 Brian Perlberg

								 John E Lincoln

								 David Nettleton

								 Robert J. Russell

								 David Dills

								 Dr. Ludwig Huber

								 Steven S. Kuwahara

								 Melinda Allen

								 Anna Longwell

								 Lawrence F Muscarella

								 Thomas E. Colonna

								 Dan OLeary

								 Robert Kunka

								 Heath Rushing

								 Albert A. Ghignone

								 Elisa Harvey

								 Rotimi Toki

								 Randy Goodden

								 Karl Leinsing

								 Anne Tomalin

								 Casper Uldriks

								 Karen Greene

								 Erin Hallenberg

								 Jonathan M. Lewis

								 Louis Angelucci

								 Kenneth E. Arnold

								 Leo Lagrotte

								 Dr. Michael Forstner

								 Anthony  James Cuticchia

								 Michael Brodsky

								 John N. Zorich

								 Hannes Wagner

								 Joseph Habarta

								 Herman Bozenhardt

								 Drew Williamsen

								 Michael Drues

								 Adriaan Fruijtier

								 Ricardo Valls

								 Edward D. Mccullough

								 Jerry Lanese

								 Jerry Dalfors

								 Jan Gates

								 John Ryan

								 Roger Bezdek

								 David Ringstrom

								 Mike Morley

								 Jason Teliszczak

								 Les Schnoll

								 Buddy Baker

								 Frank Cohen

								 Karen Friedman

								 Drew R Barnholtz

								 Neal Machtiger

								 Bernard Markstein

								 Ronald Kudla

								 Michael Allocco

								 Andrew Hughes

								 Drex Rutledge

								 Betty Lane

								 Alla Teresh

								 Larry Spears

								 Omid Khodai

								 Mark Brengelman

								 Angela Bazigos

								 Richard Melancon

								 Susan Brink

								 Kim Huynh-Ba

								 Shari Storm

								 Carol Friedhoff

								 Ron Rael

								 Phil Edholm

								 Majdi Ayoub

								 Steve Yeger

								 Brad Bossence

								 Leonard Anastasi

								 Chuck Gallagher

								 Danny M. Goldberg

								 Ben Neiburger

								 Joseph Wolfe

								 Heath Suddleson

								 Stefan Graf

								 Ted Garrison 

								 Sam DeMarco

								 Jd Marhevko

								 Cathy Dolan-Schweitzer

								 Karl J Hemmerich

								 Mark Pierson

								 Ray Graber

								 James Thatcher

								 Harold Thibodeaux

								 Christopher Hopkins

								 Stephen Hull

								 Glenda Guest

								 Joy McElroy

								 Jonnie T. Keith

								 Jose Mora

								 Robert Michalik

								 Steven Wachs

								 Dorothy D. Steed

								 James E. Russell

								 David Sanders

								 Gregory J. Simms

								 John R. Godshalk

								 Robert K Minniti

								 Greta Hicks

								 Dr. Rossano V. Gerald

								 John C. Fetzer

								 Tim Stein

								 Lynn Fountain

								 Susanne Manz

								 David N. Muchemu

								 Dennis Taylor

								 Howard Cooper

								 Linda Cahan

								 Richard Chamberlain

								 Markus Weber

								 Ronald Ramsdell

								 Jay Hodes

								 Edwin Waldbusser

								 Mike Thomas

								 Joe Rosner

								 Charles H. Paul

								 Peggy Berry

								 Richard (Rick) K. Burdick

								 Subhash Patel

								 Jim Wisnowski

								 Keith Warwick

								 Thomas Perkins

								 Dr. Annelie Struessmann

								 Keith Gibbs

								 Dr. Al Bartolucci

								 Steven Laurenz

								 Candace Leuck

								 Rachelle D'Souza

								 John E. Grimes

								 Ginette Collazo

								 Donna K Olheiser

								 Lisa Marsden

								 Jane Hennessy

								 Salma Michor

								 Dr. Charlie Sodano

								 Rayleen M. Pirnie

								 Kevin Chenoweth

								 Danielle DeLucy

								 Mary McDonald

								 Brian Shoemaker

								 Jed Constantz

								 Tony Imm

								 Greg Martin

								 Vanessa Cozens

								 Leonard Eisner

								 Derk Yntema

								 Douglas Cohen

								 Deb Simpson

								 Ardi Kolah

								 Ruth Bell

								 Valarie King Bailey

								 Grant Smith

								 Vanessa Lopez

								 Hany Abou- El-Fotouh

								 Eyal Lerner

								 Carolyn Troiano





Month


All
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December























Best Quality Trainings in Lowest Price  Compare and BUY  




































FDA Regulation of Combination Products



 Sponsor this Webinar




 Attend this 60 minutes presentation  to gain a fundamental understanding of FDA’s regulation of Combination Products. 



  Duration: 60 Minutes   




Recorded


Access recorded version, only for one participant  ?


Price: US$189.00










  Refund Policy 








		     Product Id : 500184

			
               
                  Instructor :  Thomas E. Colonna
   More Trainings by this Expert




 Overview:  
A combination product is a product composed of any combination of a drug and a device; a biological product and a device; a drug and a biological product; or a drug, device, and a biological product.  
Under 21 CFR 3.2 (e), a combination product is defined to include:

A product comprised of two or more regulated components (i.e., drug/device, biologic/device, drug/biologic, or drug/device/biologic) that are physically, chemically, or otherwise combined or mixed and produced as a single entity;
Two or more separate products packaged together in a single package or as a unit and comprised of drug and device products, device and biological products, or biological and drug products;
A drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its investigational plan or proposed labeling is intended for use only with an approved individually specified drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication, or effect and where, upon approval of the proposed product, the labeling of the approved product would need to be changed (e.g., to reflect a change in intended use, dosage form, strength, route of administration, or significant change in dose); or
Any investigational drug, device, or biological product packaged separately that according to its proposed labeling is for use only with another individually specified investigational drug, device, or biological product where both are required to achieve the intended use, indication, or effect.
A combination product is assigned to an Agency Center or alternative organizational component that will have primary jurisdiction for its premarket review and regulation. Under section 503(g)(1) of the Act, assignment to a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, is based on a determination of the "primary mode of action" (PMOA) of the combination product.


A combination product is assigned to an Agency Center or alternative organizational component that will have primary jurisdiction for its premarket review and regulation. Under section 503(g)(1) of the Act, assignment to a center with primary jurisdiction, or a lead center, is based on a determination of the "primary mode of action" (PMOA) of the combination product.

Areas Covered in the Session:

Definition of combination product
FDA Regulatory Pathways
Primary Mode of Action
User Fees


Who Will Benefit:

Regulatory professionals working in the field of combination  products






Speaker Profile
 

Thomas E. Colonna earned a bachelor of science in microbiology from the University of Sciences in Philadelphia (formerly the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science), a Ph.D. in molecular biology from the Johns Hopkins University, and a law degree from the Georgetown University Law Center.  In addition, Dr. Colonna holds academic appointments at Johns Hopkins University and the University of Sciences in Philadelphia. 

Dr. Colonna provides consulting services in the scientific and regulatory aspects of a wide range of medical devices and biologics with particular expertise in the areas of in vitro diagnostics (ELISA-based, PCR-based, SNPs, microarrays, and pharmacogenomics), medical device software (including bioinformatics), and biotechnology-based products.  Dr. Colonna’s consulting clients range from Fortune 500 companies to small start-up companies located throughout the US, as well as, Canada, India, and Russia. Widely published in numerous fields, Dr. Colonna brings a unique multidisciplinary approach to problem solving.



View More Trainings by this Speaker




















 Your Recently Viewed Webinars
































 Newsletter 


Subscribe







 
 
 
 









Main Links

About Us 
Contact Us 
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 FAQ 
Support 
Unsubscribe 
RSSFeed 



Payment Methods 



Contact Us

				NetZealous LLC, 
 161 Mission Falls Lane, Suite 216, 
				  Fremont, CA 94539, USA.  



Information
   Refund Policy  
   +1-800-447-9407  
   support@compliance4All.com











Copyright © 2017 compliance4All. All rights reserved. 



	 
				













King Thomas E in Lexington, Kentucky with Reviews - YP.comStart your search by typing in the business name below.
What do you want to find?

Where?My current locationSearchHomeLexington, KYKing Thomas ELexington, KY King Thomas EAbout Search ResultsAbout Search ResultsYP - The Real Yellow PagesSM - helps you find the right local businesses to meet your specific needs. Search results are sorted by a combination of factors to give you a set of choices in response to your search criteria. These factors are similar to those you might use to determine which business to select from a local Yellow Pages directory, including proximity to where you are searching, expertise in the specific services or products you need, and comprehensive business information to help evaluate a business's suitability for you. “Preferred” listings, or those with featured website buttons, indicate YP advertisers who directly provide information about their businesses to help consumers make more informed buying decisions. YP advertisers receive higher placement in the default ordering of search results and may appear in sponsored listings on the top, side, or bottom of the search results page.Sort:DefaultDefaultDistanceRatingName (A - Z)Sponsored LinksAdd to mybookRemove from mybookAdded to your health collection!Error when adding to health collectionThis business was removed from the health collection1. King, Thomas E, MD135 E Maxwell StLexington, KY 40508(859) 226-7050Physicians & SurgeonsSponsored LinksShowing1-1
of 1resultsMap ViewSponsoredLexington Diabetic & Family Care Center(1)3292 Eagle View Ln Ste 210, Lexington, KY 40509(859) 303-9180WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFamily Foot Care - Michael J Morrill DPM2692 Richmond Rd Ste 100, Lexington, KY 40509(859) 268-2190WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFayette Surgical Associates1401 Harrodsburg Rd, Lexington, KY 40504(859) 278-4960Total Vein CareWebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoFamily Practice Associates Of Lexington1775 Alysheba Way, Lexington, KY 40509(859) 278-5007WebsiteYP AdDirectionsMore InfoRandolph L Offutt101 Medical Heights Dr, Frankfort, KY 40601(502) 661-6305New Patients Welcomed!WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoGeorgetown Internal Medicine1138 Lexington Rd, Georgetown, KY 40324(502) 316-7479WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoFamily & Internal Medicine Associates325 W Walnut St, Lebanon, KY 40033(270) 699-9500YP AdDirectionsMore InfoSterling Health Solutions209 N Maysville St, Mount Sterling, KY 40353(859) 498-2324Providing Compassionate, Quality, Life-long Care!WebsiteServices OfferedDirectionsMore InfoBates Miller & Sims100 Jay St, Stanford, KY 40484(606) 879-9463WebsiteDirectionsMore InfoDonald, L Ambroziak509 Hampton Way, Richmond, KY 40475(859) 623-6157Dr. Donald L. Ambroziak- Dr.of Podiatric MedicineWebsiteDirectionsMore InfoNorthgate, Medical Group(1)106 Commercial Dr, Harrodsburg, KY 40330(859) 734-3482Contact Us for InformationDirectionsMore InfoLaser Spine InstituteServing the Lexington area.(866) 382-7494WebsiteLocal ListingsVideoMore InfoDidn't find what you were looking for?magnifying glass 
We just redesigned yp.com! Do you like it?×            LikeNot a Fan×            Thank You!Feedback




King Thomas E Jr in Richmond, VA 23226 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Virginia
» Richmond
» Dentists
» King Thomas E Jr













King Thomas E Jr


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





5700 Old Richmond Ave  Richmond, Virginia 23226


(804) 285-2333


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
King Thomas E Jr is located at the address 5700 Old Richmond Ave in Richmond, Virginia 23226.  They can be contacted via phone at (804) 285-2333 for pricing, hours and directions.  King Thomas E Jr specializes in Cavities, Migraines, Gum Disease.  King Thomas E Jr has an annual sales volume of 0 - 500K.  .For more information contact Thomas  King Jr, DentistKing Thomas E Jr provides Examinations, Replacements, Extractions to it's customers.  For maps and directions to King Thomas E Jr view the map to the right.  For reviews of King Thomas E Jr see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Financing Available
, Referrals
, Cosmetic Dentistry
, Examinations
, Consultations
, Preventative Care
, Sealants
, Braces
, Replacements
, Extractions


 SPECIALTIES


Cavities
, Stained Teeth
, Cosmetic Dentistry
, Pediatric Dentistry
, Gum Disease
, Grinding
, Migraines
, Oral Cancer
, Oral Disease
, Aches & Pains



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (804) 285-2333
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Main Contact First Name: Thomas
Main Contact Last Name: King Jr
Main Contact Title: Dentist
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 4
Exact Sales Volume: 96000
Location Type: Single Location
Professionals On Staff: Endodontists, Dentists
Professionals On Staff Syn: Dds
Sales Volume: 0 - 500K
CATEGORIES:


Dentists
Health Care
Dentists & Orthodontists



People Also Viewed


S. K. Mohanty, D.D.S. P.C.


1782 N Parham rd.  Richmond, Virginia 23229




Wilson Richard D DDS


3800 Patterson Ave  Richmond, Virginia 23221




Gordon Marshall P


1811 Plain View Rd  Richmond, Virginia 23238




Fortner Glenn W


200 Randolph Square Ln  Richmond, Virginia 23238




Oley Shaia & Assoc


9030 Three Chopt rd Ste A Ste A Richmond, Virginia 23229




Jones John W Dr DDS


8306 Wallingford Ln  Richmond, Virginia 23227





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 


Key Contacts




Thomas  King Jr
Dentist

 



 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM



















Amazon.com: Thomas E. King: Books, Biography, Blog, Audiobooks, Kindle





Amazon.com: Books





 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks













































































Thomas E. King















See more








    Customers Also Bought Items By
  





                Melissa Watson
              





                Randy Johnson
              







                Sherry Jackson
              





                Nicole Blouin
              







                Benjamin Brooks
              





                Wendy Lynam
              







                Johnny Molloy
              





                Jimmy Jacobs
              







                Kevin Adams
              





                John F. Clark
              







                Joshua Lawrenc...
              





                Tim Homan
              







                Scott Lynch
              








Are You an Author?
  Help us improve our Author Pages by updating your bibliography and submitting a new or current image and biography.

  
›
Learn more at Author Central















            $18.71

        


        Paperback
    





Books by Thomas E. King
Showing 1 Result Books : Advanced Search



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews



All FormatsPaperback
Waterfall Hikes of Upstate South CarolinaApr 1, 2009by Thomas E. KingPaperback
$
18
71

$19.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 19 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$9.00(22 used &amp new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
18












See search results for author  "Thomas E. King"  in Books









  More Information 

›   Are you an author? Visit Author Central to change your photo, edit your biography, and more
        
›   See Author Pages Frequently Asked Questions

›   Anything else? Provide feedback about this page
    






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.














There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates























Smith John H Lembke Valdean C King Thomas E - AbeBooks













abebooks.com Passion for books.


Sign OnMy AccountBasket Help 












Search

By Keyword
By Title
By Author
By ISBN
By Publisher
By Collection


Find
Advanced Search


















              Item added to your basket
              

View basket




              Order Total (1 Item Items):
 
Shipping Destination: 


Proceed to Basket





 


View basket




Continue shopping





Smith John H Lembke Valdean C King Thomas E

You Searched For:

Author:
smith john h lembke valdean c king thomas e

Edit Your Search







Results (1 - 29) of 29







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending






Show results for
Product Type


All Product Types 


Books (29)


Magazines & Periodicals


Comics


Sheet Music


Art, Prints & Posters


Photographs


Maps


Manuscripts & Paper Collectibles



Refine by
Condition



All Conditions 


New Books (13)      


Used Books (16)      

Binding



All Bindings 


Hardcover (15)      


Softcover (9)      

Collectible Attributes


First Edition


Signed Copy


Dust Jacket


Seller-Supplied Images


Not Printed On Demand


Free Shipping



Free US Shipping (12)      

Bookseller Location


All Locations

Select a Country

Select a Country

Thailand
U.S.A.

United Kingdom





Bookseller Rating



All Booksellers 

and up


and up



and up (26)      


  (16)      

 



Search Within These Results:



























            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith, Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used

Quantity Available: 2

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2001. Book Condition: Fair. 2nd. Shows definite wear, and perhaps considerable marking on inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP32276601

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
1.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons Inc
(1997)


ISBN 10: 047130428X
ISBN 13: 9780471304289



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons Inc, 1997. Book Condition: Very Good. Great condition for a used book! Minimal wear.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP65607389

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
2.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith, Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used

Quantity Available: 2

From: Better World Books (Mishawaka, IN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.48

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2001. Book Condition: Good. 2nd. Shows some signs of wear, and may have some markings on the inside.  Bookseller Inventory # GRP10215491

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
3.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free Shipping Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 3.98

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley. Hardcover. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. little to no wear, pages are clean. The cover and binding are crisp with next no creases.  Bookseller Inventory # 2749176025

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
4.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting : A Decision-Making Approach

Valdean C. Lembke; Thomas E. King; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Silver Arch Books (St Louis, MO, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.38

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Book shows a small amount of wear - very good condition.  Bookseller Inventory # G0471328235I4N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
5.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting

Valdean C. Lembke; Thomas E. King; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John


ISBN 10: 047130428X
ISBN 13: 9780471304289



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Motor City Books (Brownstown, MI, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.38

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley & Sons, Incorporated, John. Paperback. Book Condition: Good. Minimal damage to cover and binding. Pages show light use.  Bookseller Inventory # G047130428XI3N00

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
6.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King; Valdean C. Lembke; John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons Inc
(1996)


ISBN 10: 047130428X
ISBN 13: 9780471304289



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.94

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons Inc, 1996. Paperback. Book Condition: Used: Good.  Bookseller Inventory # SONG047130428X

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
7.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King; Valdean C. Lembke; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.94

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: Used: Good.  Bookseller Inventory # SONG0471328235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
8.
















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach

King, Thomas E., Lembke, Valdean C., Smith, John H.


              Published by
              Wiley


ISBN 10: 047130428X
ISBN 13: 9780471304289



Used

Quantity Available: 1

From: Phatpocket Limited (Waltham Abbey, HERTS, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.40

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.87

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley. Book Condition: Good. Ex-library, so some wear and barcode page may have been removed, but in good overall condition.  Bookseller Inventory # Z1-L-025-00107

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
9.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach

Smith, John H., Lembke, Valdean C., King, Thomas E.


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Bestsellersuk (Hereford, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 4.71

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 11.18

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. Bumping to edges. No.1 BESTSELLERS - great prices, friendly customer service â" all orders are dispatched next working day.  Bookseller Inventory # mon0000359390

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
10.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting, Study Guide: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Free Shipping Books (Toledo, OH, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 17.41

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley. Paperback. Book Condition: VERY GOOD. little to no wear, pages are clean. The cover and binding are crisp with next no creases.  Bookseller Inventory # 2749073015

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
11.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

King, Thomas E.; Lembke, Valdean C.; Smith, John H.


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: BookStore Independent (Memphis, TN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 22.64

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.97

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: Used: Good.  Bookseller Inventory # 14081694

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
12.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting, Study Guide: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 34.86

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 2.  Bookseller Inventory # DADAX0471390623

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
13.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting, Study Guide: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King; Valdean C. Lembke; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Irish Booksellers (Rumford, ME, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 39.12

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Paperback. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # 0471390623

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
14.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting, Study Guide: A Decision-Making Approach

King, Thomas E.; Lembke, Valdean C.; Smith, John H.


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: BookStore Independent (Memphis, TN, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 35.79

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.97

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Paperback. Book Condition: Used: Good.  Bookseller Inventory # 14144160

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
15.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

King, Thomas E.; Lembke, Valdean C.; Smith, John H.


              Published by
              Wiley


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Cloud 9 Books (Wellington, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 39.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley. Hardcover. Book Condition: Fine. 0471328235 Like New Condition.  Bookseller Inventory # LN6.1165973

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
16.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting, Study Guide: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King; Valdean C. Lembke; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



Used
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 56.03

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Paperback. Book Condition: Used: Very Good.  Bookseller Inventory # SONG0471390623

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
17.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King; Valdean C. Lembke; John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Irish Booksellers (Rumford, ME, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 63.79

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. book.  Bookseller Inventory # 0471328235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
18.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

King, Thomas E.; Lembke, Valdean C.; Smith, John H.


              Published by
              Wiley


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Cloud 9 Books (Wellington, FL, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 59.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 0471328235 New Condition.  Bookseller Inventory # NEW6.1165973

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
19.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley &amp; Sons, Incorporated


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Soft cover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Supernew USA (Bangkok, ., Thailand)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 56.99

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 10.00

      From Thailand to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley &amp; Sons, Incorporated. Soft cover. Book Condition: New. New, 2nd Edition .Delivery time is 3-5 business days via either UPS, FedEx, DHL. Premium quality books.  Bookseller Inventory # 0471328235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
20.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(1996)


ISBN 10: 047130428X
ISBN 13: 9780471304289



New
Paperback

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 86.54

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 1996. Paperback. Book Condition: New. 1.  Bookseller Inventory # DADAX047130428X

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
21.
















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting

Smith John H. Lembke Valdean C. King Thomas E.


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons


ISBN 10: 0471390623
ISBN 13: 9780471390626



New

Quantity Available: 4

From: Majestic Books (London, ,, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 113.80

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.22

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons. Book Condition: New. pp. 400.  Bookseller Inventory # 7477722

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
22.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd Edition

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              Wiley
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: Ergodebooks (RICHMOND, TX, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 148.74

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 3.99

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: Wiley, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: New. 2.  Bookseller Inventory # DADAX0471328235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
23.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach, 2nd

King, Thomas E.;Lembke, Valdean C.;Smith, John H.


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Hoboken, NJ
(2001)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



Used
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: a2zbooks (Burgin, KY, U.S.A.)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 158.50

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 4.65

      Within U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., Hoboken, NJ, 2001. Hardcover. Book Condition: Very Good. 2nd Edition. The text has some marking, the cover is in very nice condition. Quantity Available: 1. ISBN: 0471328235. ISBN/EAN: 9780471328230. Pictures of this item not already displayed here available upon request. Inventory No: 1560793403.  Bookseller Inventory # 1560793403

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
24.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach (Hardback)

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley Sons Inc, United States
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Depository US (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 210.76

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley Sons Inc, United States, 2000. Hardback. Book Condition: New. 2nd Revised edition. Language: English . Brand New Book. This fully revised edition teaches readers how to understand and use accounting information in their business decisions. Taking a user-oriented approach, the text spotlights the link between accounting information and decisions and helps readers gain an appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of reported accounting information for making different types of business decisions.  Bookseller Inventory # AAH9780471328230

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
25.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach (Hardback)

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley Sons Inc, United States
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 1

From: The Book Depository (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 217.04

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley Sons Inc, United States, 2000. Hardback. Book Condition: New. 2nd Revised edition. Language: English . Brand New Book. This fully revised edition teaches readers how to understand and use accounting information in their business decisions. Taking a user-oriented approach, the text spotlights the link between accounting information and decisions and helps readers gain an appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of reported accounting information for making different types of business decisions.  Bookseller Inventory # AAH9780471328230

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
26.

















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach (2nd Revised edition)

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons Inc


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 3

From: THE SAINT BOOKSTORE (Southport, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 232.84

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 9.13

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons Inc. Hardback. Book Condition: new. BRAND NEW, Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach (2nd Revised edition), Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith, This fully revised edition teaches readers how to understand and use accounting information in their business decisions. Taking a user-oriented approach, the text spotlights the link between accounting information and decisions and helps readers gain an appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of reported accounting information for making different types of business decisions.  Bookseller Inventory # B9780471328230

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
27.


















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-Making Approach

Thomas E. King/ Valdean C. Lembke/ John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley & Sons Inc
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 2

From: Revaluation Books (Exeter, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 273.83

Convert Currency
Shipping:
US$ 7.88

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley & Sons Inc, 2000. Hardcover. Book Condition: Brand New. 2nd edition. 711 pages. 10.00x8.25x1.25 inches. In Stock.  Bookseller Inventory # __0471328235

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
28.



















            Stock Image
    








Financial Accounting: A Decision-making Approach (Hardback)

Thomas E. King, Valdean C. Lembke, John H. Smith


              Published by
              John Wiley Sons Inc, United States
(2000)


ISBN 10: 0471328235
ISBN 13: 9780471328230



New
Hardcover

Quantity Available: 10

From: Book Depository hard to find (London, United Kingdom)
Bookseller Rating:









Price: US$ 331.44

Convert Currency
Shipping:
FREE

      From United Kingdom to U.S.A.
  
Destination, Rates & Speeds



Item Description: John Wiley Sons Inc, United States, 2000. Hardback. Book Condition: New. 2nd Revised edition. Language: English . This book usually ship within 10-15 business days and we will endeavor to dispatch orders quicker than this where possible. Brand New Book. This fully revised edition teaches readers how to understand and use accounting information in their business decisions. Taking a user-oriented approach, the text spotlights the link between accounting information and decisions and helps readers gain an appreciation of the strengths and weaknesses of reported accounting information for making different types of business decisions.  Bookseller Inventory # BZV9780471328230

More Information About This Seller
              | Ask Bookseller a Question
29.



 
 


Results (1 - 29) of 29







Sort By 

Author A-Z
Author Z-A
Bookseller Rating
Highest Price
Lowest Price
Lowest Total Price
Most Recently Listed
Relevance (Beta)
Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Year of Publication Ascending
Year of Publication Descending







Create a Want
Tell us what you're looking for and once a match is found, we'll inform you by e-mail.
Create a Want


BookSleuth
Can't remember the title or the author of a book? Our BookSleuth is specially designed for you.
Visit BookSleuth


Help with Search
Search Tips 
Glossary of Terms 
Set your own Search Preferences





Mobile View:
 Available
Not Available
×




















