    Jack Salzman | Kings Point Capital Management LLC | ZoomInfo.com


Kings Point Capital Management Research Report - Revenue - Market Share - Competition - Growth
















     Target new business; track competition.
    


Subscribe
Log In











Solutions for: 
Investment BankingMarket ResearchPrivate EquityExecutivesConsultantsReporters & Journalists
 





✕
Log In

Email Address
 
Password
 






✕
Subscribe

Email Address
 
Password
 







KINGS POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT




Find a Company








Industry






  







DBA KINGS POINT PARTNERS L.P.DBA SALZMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC111 Great Neck Road Great Neck, NY 11021 

Company Awards

Fast Growing



Company Profile & Financial Information for Kings Point Capital Management
Kings Point Capital Management's revenue, profitability, growth rate by year. Trademarks and applications show Kings Point Capital Management's marketing strategy.
	Precise revenue figures by year, number of employees, and trademarks indicate Kings Point Capital Management's strengths. 
Kings Point Capital Management operates in the Investment Banking & Securities Dealing industry. 	A list of fastest growing competitors, and info on recession risks show Kings Point Capital Management's weaknesses relative to its competitors. 

	
Access the complete profile.


Fast Facts

Revenue$10 - $100 million    Exact Revenue in Premium ReportEmployees10 - 100Exact Employee Count Available in Premium ReportPrimary Industry52311 Investment Banking & Securities Dealing

Note: Revenues are statistical evaluations.

	Kings Point Capital Management's Business Operations Profile shows critical firmographic facts:
		What is the company's size? (Revenue and employees)
			What industry is the company in?
		

Premium Company Report








The Premium Kings Point Capital Management Company Report contains critical information including:
		Revenue from previous years (2010-2015)
		Growth rate
		Estimated financials and profit margin
		Funding from Venture Capital and Private Equity firms
		Latest trademark applications
		Additional industries in which the company operates
		

		$20


View subscription options





Kings Point Capital Management Revenue and Growth Rate

Kings Point Capital Management
Revenue ($ MM)Growth Rate (%)# Employees
2015Details in Premium Report
2014
2013
2012



1-Year Growth Rate:3-Year Growth Rate (CAGR):


Income Statement (Industry Averages)
Kings Point Capital Management's income statement based on industry averages: 

$ Millions(Industry Average)
Total Revenue


Operating Revenue
Cost of Goods Sold
Gross Profit
Operating Expenses
Pension, profit sharing plans, stock, annuity
Repairs
Rent paid on business property
Charitable Contributions
Depletion
Domestic production activities deduction
Advertising
Compensation of officers
Salaries and wages
Employee benefit programs
Taxes and Licenses
Bad Debts
Depreciation
Amortization
Other Operating Expenses
Total Operating Expenses
Operating Income
Non-Operating Income
EBITDA
EBIT (Earnings Before Interest and Taxes)
Interest Expense
Earnings Before Taxes
Income Tax
Net Profit
 

Trademark Applications
	Trademark applications, moreso than trademark registrations, show the products and services that are developing and being actively marketed.
	Companies that don't have any trademark applications are more likely to be stable, maintaining their existing business lines.
	Companies that are applying for new trademarks are likely to be investing in R&D and marketing, attempting to expand more rapidly or pivoting to reach strategic markets.
	Trademarks may include brand names, product names, logos and slogans. 
	


Trademark
Date

WEALTHSCOPEinvestment management and investment fund services 04/03/2013KINGS POINT CAPITAL MANAGEMENTinvestment management and investment fund services 02/14/2013 See all trademarks in the Full Report. 
Recession Risk
	IncFact analyzed data from the last recession to determine whether Kings Point Capital Management grew or shrank over that period. We also looked at other companies in the industry
	 to compare how recession-proof Kings Point Capital Management is relative to the industry. While a new recession may strike a particular industry, measuring the
	 industry and company's robustness during the last recession estimates its ability to weather future recessions.

	
Market Share of Competition: Kings Point Capital Management vs. Largest Competitors
		A competitive analysis shows these companies are in the same general field as Kings Point Capital Management, even though they may not compete head-to-head. 
		These are the largest companies by revenue. However, they may not have the largest market share in this industry if they have diversified into other business lines. 
		The "Competition" section of a business plan or investment memorandum would start by analyzing the information about these companies.
		Competitive advantage comes from offering better pricing or superior products/service.
		
Company
HeadquartersRevenue ($ MM)MERRILL LYNCH PIERCE FENNER & SMITHPennington, NJ100 CREDIT SUISSE SECURITIES USANew York, NY81 MERRILL LYNCHNew York, NY56 RAYMOND JAMES TAX CREDIT FUND 44St. Petersburg, FL52 STIFEL NICOLAUSSt. Louis, MO37 Nearby CompetitionInfo on companies that are located in close proximity to Kings Point Capital Management, operating in similar markets. 
		While some companies, particularly retail, compete with neighboring businesses for customers, other companies may compete to attract skilled employees. 
	

Kings Point Capital Management's CompetitorsRevenue ($ MM)





Fastest Growing CompetitorsThese companies are in the same general field as Kings Point Capital Management and are rapidly expanding. Companies may grow organically or through acquisition. In some cases apparently high growth rates may be caused by data that weren't available in previous years.
	

CompanyRevenue ($ MM)











   
Discover @ IncFact
Contact Us
Press & Media
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
(0.0369 s)
© 2017 IncFact.com. All Rights Reserved.










Kings Point Capital Management in Great Neck, NY 11021 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» New York
» Great Neck
» Specialized Insurance
» Kings Point Capital Management













Kings Point Capital Management


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





111 Great Neck rd Ste 310  Great Neck, New York 11021


(516) 439-5100


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Kings Point Capital Management is located at the address 111 Great Neck rd Ste 310 in Great Neck, New York 11021.  They can be contacted via phone at (516) 439-5100 for pricing, hours and directions.  Kings Point Capital Management has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Kings Point Capital Management provides Consultations, Business Banking, College Funding to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Kings Point Capital Management view the map to the right.  For reviews of Kings Point Capital Management see below.









Business Features

PRODUCTS


Employee Benefits
, Securities
, Individual Policies
, Money Markets
, Employer-Sponsored Pensions
, Group Policies
, Retirement Plans
, Stocks
, Corporate Bonds
, Profit Sharing Plans



SERVICES


Institutional Services
, Consultations
, Online Services
, Cash Management
, Commercial Services
, Investments
, Business Banking
, Disability Income
, Investment Planning
, College Funding



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (516) 439-5100
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 1 To 4
Exact Employee Count: 2
Exact Sales Volume: 110000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Specialized Insurance
Portfolio Management & Investment Services
Finance
Insurance
Investments & Securities
Specialized Insurance & Warranties



People Also Viewed


Scs Agency Inc


11 Grace Ave Ste 300 Ste 300 Great Neck, New York 11021




Freedman Michael Associates


98 Cuttermill Rd  Great Neck, New York 11021




Jjb Brokers Inc


40 Cuttermill Rd  Great Neck, New York 11021




SEEMAN HOLTZ SH FINANCIAL


  Great Neck, New York 11020




Group International Assoc Inc


98 Cuttermill rd Ste 346 Ste 346 Great Neck, New York 11021




Essential Service & Programs


161 Great Neck Rd  Great Neck, New York 11020





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














Kings Point Capital Management






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising



Sign In   DOW   21,711  0.39% SCHOELLER BLECKMANNZUMTOBEL GROUPFRAUENTHAL HOLDING






World
US















Kings Point Capital Management

  
		


 
		




Companies in United States
Insiders
Advisers
Ideas
Correlations
Volatility
News
Funds
ETFs
Crypto










	Upgrade to remove ads 





User TypeAdvisorEntity NameKings Point Capital ManagementSEC Registration # Minimum Invetsment Required0.0Assets Under Managment$ 320 M Contact Details LocationGarden City, New YorkAddress Postal Code CountryUnited StatesPhone Fax Web Sitehttp://www.kingspointcap.com




Sign In
	
				 to check out Kings-Point-Capital-Management and other financial advisors in the area. 							
		
				 As a registered user you will also get following benefit from Macroaxis membership: 							
					
				





							
								 Best Portfolio Management and Performance Monitoring Solution on Internet.
								









								 Easy to use Portfolio Optimization Tools which money managers have used for years.
								









								 Know your risk and identify high risk, low return stocks in your portfolio.
								







Get Started With Macroaxis




You May Also Consider Name Location  Net Rating  Kings Point Capital Management Garden City NY 0 Excomp Asset Management Ltd Garden City NY 0 Westbrook Asset Management  LLC Garden City NY 0 Bolter & Company  LLC Garden City NY 0 United Asset Strategies Inc. Garden City NY 0 The Bendix Financial Group  Inc. Garden City NY 0 Personal Asset Strategies  Inc. Garden City NY 0 Dartmouth Advisory Services Inc. Garden City NY 0 Jrf Asset Advisors  LLC. Garden City NY 0 Tiaa-Cref Tuition Financing  Inc. New York NY 0


Financial advisors use their knowledge of investments, 
tax laws, and insurance to recommend financial options to individuals.
The SEC typically regulates investment advisers that have assets under management in excess of $25,000,000. Investment advisers that do not meet this threshold generally are regulated by the states. The SEC registers IA firms but does not separately register individual representatives of IA firms. The states register IA firms, and many separately register individual investment adviser representatives.

Currently, you can only search for IA firms on this website. In the future, this website also will provide the ability to search for individual investment adviser representatives.

In 1996 Congress amended the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to require that the SEC establish a readily accessible electronic process to respond to public inquiries about investment advisers and their disciplinary information. The SEC created this website to satisfy Congress? mandate. 


		Refer to the following references to for additional information before selecting your Financial Advisor
			
IARD    Investment Adviser Registration Depository
Investment Adviser Search    Search for an Investment Adviser Firm
U.S. Department of Labor: Financial Advisors    Bureau of Labor Statistics: Financial Advisors
FINRA    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
AAFM    American Academy of Financial Management
CFP    Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards
FPA    Financial Planning Association









OpportunitiesExplore Investment OpportunitiesBuild portfolios using Macroaxis predefined set of investing ideas. Many of Macroaxis investing ideas can easily outperform a given market. Ideas can also be optimized per your risk profile before portfolio origination is invoked. Explore Investing Ideas  Fix All your PortfoliosBy capturing your risk tolerance and investment horizon Macroaxis technology of instant portfolio optimization will compute exactly how much risk is acceptable for your desired return expectationsFix your portfolios for free








Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets














































Kings Point Capital Management — Nick Bumgardner Photography















































Nick Bumgardner Photography


Nashville Photographer Specalizing in Commercial Food and Product Photography



























Kings Point Capital Management


May 18, 2016
by Nick Bumgardner
in Headshots















































































In 2013 Kings Point Capital Management came to me with the task of creating images of their team for their website. They wanted a mixture of formal headshots, photos of the team working and a group shot as well as any other "grab" shots that I could capture.




























The company was having a retreat at their office and this was the prefect opportunity for my team to go in and get all of this done in one day. We organized the day so that everyone got a headshot in the morning as they arrived. We were able to capture each team member again during a meeting in the conference room, a client dropped by and allowed us to take his photo with the principles in a meeting, and then we got the group shot before everyone went home.If your team is in need of some new shots for a website makeover send me an e-mail and we can work together to create some awesome content for your website.































Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at UBS AG | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Bemis Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bemis Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Hortonworks, Inc. (NASDAQ:HDP) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Needham & Company LLC					

Union Bankshares Corporation (UBSH) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research					

Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at UBS AG					

MAMMOOTH ENERGY (NASDAQ:TUSK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”					

South State Corporation (SSB) Upgraded at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods					

Utah Medical Products, Inc. (NASDAQ:UTMD) Lowered to Buy at BidaskClub					

Verona Pharma PLC American Depositary Share (NASDAQ:VRNA) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

WebMD Health Corp (NASDAQ:WBMD) Downgraded to Market Perform at Leerink Swann					

General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Given New $28.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus					

Big Lots, Inc. (BIG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Deutsche Bank AG					

DA Davidson Reiterates Buy Rating for Lam Research Corporation (NASDAQ:LRCX)					

34,300 Shares in Sabra Healthcare REIT, Inc. (NASDAQ:SBRA) Acquired by Cue Financial Group Inc.					

Realty Income Corporation (O) Position Raised by Cue Financial Group Inc.					

Cue Financial Group Inc. Has $528,000 Position in KCAP Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:KCAP)					

Sound Financial Bancorp, Inc. (SFBC) is Stilwell Value LLC’s 5th Largest Position					

Twele Capital Management Inc. Sells 7,532 Shares of iShares Cohen & Steers Realty Maj. (NYSE:ICF)					

Stilwell Value LLC Maintains Stake in FS Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSBW)					

Stilwell Value LLC Continues to Hold Stake in First Savings Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:FSFG)					

Stilwell Value LLC Has $2,095,000 Stake in BANCORP 34 INC (BCTF)					

ICC Holdings, Inc. (ICCH) Stake Held by Stilwell Value LLC					





 





						Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at UBS AG					

						 July 26th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Trevor Kearing 


							Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance 







Tweet










UBS AG assumed coverage on shares of Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. The firm issued a buy rating and a $55.00 price target on the industrial products company’s stock.
A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on BMS. BidaskClub lowered Bemis from a sell rating to a strong sell rating in a research report on Monday. Royal Bank Of Canada  restated a sell rating on shares of Bemis in a research report on Thursday, July 6th. Jefferies Group LLC  restated a hold rating and set a $45.00 price objective (up previously from $40.00) on shares of Bemis in a research report on Friday, July 14th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Bemis from a strong sell rating to a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, June 27th. Finally, Barclays PLC  restated a hold rating and set a $43.00 price objective on shares of Bemis in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $47.40.
Shares of Bemis (BMS) traded up 0.32% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $46.37. The stock had a trading volume of 173,183 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $45.93 and a 200-day moving average price of $47.45. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.26 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.99 and a beta of 0.91. Bemis has a one year low of $43.13 and a one year high of $53.10. 




Bemis (NYSE:BMS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.07. The firm had revenue of $995.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $996.21 million. Bemis had a return on equity of 19.95% and a net margin of 5.73%. The company’s revenue was up 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.60 EPS.  On average, equities research analysts predict that  Bemis will post $2.55 earnings per share for the current year. 
ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Bemis Company, Inc. (NYSE:BMS) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at UBS AG” was  published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/26/bemis-company-inc-nysebms-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-ubs-ag.html. 
Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in BMS. Advisory Services Network LLC bought a new stake in  Bemis during the first quarter worth approximately $116,000.  NEXT Financial Group Inc raised its stake in  Bemis by 31.3% in the second quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc now owns 2,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period.  Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in  Bemis by 33.5% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 3,375 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $165,000 after buying an additional 846 shares during the period.  Ffcm LLC raised its stake in  Bemis by 4.3% in the first quarter. Ffcm LLC now owns 3,724 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $182,000 after buying an additional 154 shares during the period.  Finally, Americafirst Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in  Bemis during the first quarter worth approximately $202,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  79.58% of the company’s stock. 
Bemis Company Profile
Bemis Company, Inc is a manufacturer of packaging products. The Company operates through two segments: U.S. Packaging and Global Packaging. The U.S. Packaging segment represents all food, consumer, and industrial products packaging-related manufacturing operations located in the United States. The Global Packaging segment includes all packaging-related manufacturing operations located outside of the United States, as well as global medical device and pharmaceutical packaging-related manufacturing operations.






Receive News & Ratings for Bemis Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bemis Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 



























































Kings Point Capital Management - HedgeFundJobList














































































sales@hedgefundjoblist.com



 









High Quality Hedge Fund Lists & Private Equity Lists 




Home
About
Prices/Lists
Frequently Asked Questions
Blog
Contact









 

 





­ 



Previous Next 

Kings Point Capital Management 



Kings Point Capital Management – Hedge Fund Company Info
Description:
Kings Point Capital Management is a hedge fund management company based in Brentwood, TN and has approximately $711.8 million in assets under management. Kings Point Capital Management specializes in Long/Short and Real Estate.
Contact Details
 
Address:
112 Westwood Place, Suite 210
Brentwood, TN 37027
United States
Phone/Fax:
Phone: 800-259-331
Fax: 615-620-920
Other Contact Details:
Website: www.kingspointcap.com
Main Company Email: ….@kingspointcap.com
Fund Size:
Current AUM: Available
Basic Fund Details:
Investment Strategies: Long/Short  Real Estate  
SEC Registered: No
Year Founded: 
Key Employees:
Jeff…, Senior Managing Director
Email: ….@kingspointcap.com
Jack…, Senior Managing Director
Stev…, Vice President
Key Executive Details
Other Details:
# of Employees: 9
Employment Info:
Hiring Status: Available
Download Info In Excel Format
Find 30 categories of updated info on Kings Point Capital Management including all of the above info in the below lists:
United States Hedge Fund List

×Kings Point Capital Management Main Email Address
The main corporate email address for Kings Point Capital Management is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List
Close×Kings Point Capital Management AUM
Updated assets under management information for Kings Point Capital Management is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List
Close×Kings Point Capital Management Client InfoInformation on clients of Kings Point Capital Management is available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List
Close×Kings Point Capital Management Executive Contacts
Full details for top executives at Kings Point Capital Management, including name, position, and email addresses are available as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List
Close×Kings Point Capital Management Employment InfoInterested in a job with Kings Point Capital Management? Our unique “hiring status” column shows you if they are currently hiring new employees. Also access their HR/Career emails as part of its listing in the following downloadable hedge fund lists:
United States Hedge Fund List
Close 


Popular
Recent






United States Hedge Fund List

													May 27th, 2016												




Lake Hill Capital Management

													September 19th, 2016												




Top 75 US Hedge Funds 2016

													May 27th, 2016												








Manning Napier Advisors

													September 29th, 2016												




CEA Principal Advisors Group

													September 29th, 2016												




Woodside Capital Partners

													September 29th, 2016												
















Tags@
Absolute Return
Aerospace/Defense
Arbitrage
AUM
Business Services
clients
Commodities
Consumer Products
Convertibles
Credit
Distressed Assets
Distribution
Email address
Emerging Markets
Energy
Equity
Event Driven
Financial Services
Fixed Income
Food and Beverage
founded
Fund of Funds
Funds
Global Equity
Global Macro
Health Care
Hedge Fund
Industrials
Investment Bank
Investment Banking
Long/Short
Managed Futures
Manufacturing
Media
Middle Market
Multi Strategy
phone
Private Equity
Real Estate
Services
Small Cap
Technology
Value
Ventures


By admin|2016-08-29T14:38:11+00:00August 29th, 2016|Hedge Fund, Long/Short, Real Estate|0 Comments 
Share This Story, Choose Your Platform!
 

About the Author: admin 

 






Comments are closed.


 
 
  
 
 
 
















Kings Point Capital Management LLC















































































 


































Kings Point Capital Management LLC
15234
home,page,page-id-15234,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-title-hidden,qode-theme-ver-9.2,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 
Kings Point Capital Management, LLC is an investment manager and advisor serving individual and institutional clientsClient Login
 





HOW WE ARE DIFFERENT

 



FIRM STRUCTURE & HISTORYFounded by Goldman Sachs executives with offices in New York and Tennessee, we advise and manage investment portfolios as an independent, fee-based Registered Investment Advisor.
FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCHWe analyze financial data, perform fundamental research, and meet with management teams of the companies we own for clients. Our portfolio managers combine thorough, independent research with analysis done by many of Wall Street's leading research firms when selecting securities for our client portfolios.
FAMILY AND INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTSWe manage investment portfolios and provide consolidated reporting for families with significant net worth. We also advise and manage investment portfolios for endowments, foundations, and trusts.
INDIVIDUAL SECURITIESWe build portfolios primarily using carefully researched individual securities rather than mutual funds.
FOCUSED PORTFOLIOWe believe that a concentrated equity portfolio of 20-30 individual stocks is superior to owning hundreds or thousands of stocks. 
CUSTOMIZED SOLUTIONWe believe every client deserves a customized solution. From portfolio construction to financial planning to interfacing with a client’s CPA and estate attorney, we deliver a highly customized solution.



CLIENT PROFILE

 












HIGH NET WORTH FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS

 


Kings Point Capital Management works with families and individuals who have significant wealth. We provide custom portfolios built with direct securities, consolidated reporting and access to alternative investments.

 
CLICK TO LEARN MORE ABOUT FAMILY SERVICES









INSTITUTIONS

 


Kings Point Capital Management works with institutions, such as endowments, foundations, and trust companies. We provide advisory and institutional portfolio management.

 
CLICK TO LEARN MORE ABOUT INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES



HISTORY

 









Kings Point Capital Management was founded by Jack Salzman, a former Goldman Sachs Partner (Head of Equity Research Marketing and Product Development), and Jeffrey Bates, previously a vice president in Private Wealth Management at Goldman Sachs. Jack and Jeff have over seventy-five years of collective experience managing investment portfolios for high net worth families, individuals, and institutions.


 
 





RECOGNITION

 


Kings Point Capital has been recognized by industry leading publications

 































Consolidated Reporting












































































 


































Consolidated Reporting
16339
page,page-id-16339,page-template-default,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-theme-ver-9.2,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 






Consolidated Reporting











WealthScope™




Many of our clients have asked for a detailed analysis of all their family equity and fixed income investments. To answer this need, Kings Point Capital Management created WealthScope™, a consolidated reporting analysis. This product aggregates all client investments (regardless of custodian) into one simple report. WealthScope™ allows customized manager benchmark analysis, consolidated reporting and portfolio analysis at the manager and security level. Complete customization is available, including detailed accounting (for tax loss), exposures and a time weighted (TWR) calculation regardless of manager, custodian or brokerage firm.

 


Kings Point Capital Management clients use a variety of custodians. To facilitate cross-custodian asset reporting, Kings Point Capital Management uses Advent, a high level portfolio accounting system that is managed internally.

 


In cases where we are not able to get direct custodian access, ByAll is a data aggregator making it possible to pull in daily price data from multiple custodians to create a consolidated asset reporting statement.

 































Kings Point Capital Management LLC















































































 


































Kings Point Capital Management LLC
15234
home,page,page-id-15234,page-template,page-template-full_width,page-template-full_width-php,ajax_fade,page_not_loaded,,qode-title-hidden,qode-theme-ver-9.2,wpb-js-composer js-comp-ver-4.12.1,vc_responsive


 
Kings Point Capital Management, LLC is an investment manager and advisor serving individual and institutional clientsClient Login
 





HOW WE ARE DIFFERENT

 



FIRM STRUCTURE & HISTORYFounded by Goldman Sachs executives with offices in New York and Tennessee, we advise and manage investment portfolios as an independent, fee-based Registered Investment Advisor.
FUNDAMENTAL RESEARCHWe analyze financial data, perform fundamental research, and meet with management teams of the companies we own for clients. Our portfolio managers combine thorough, independent research with analysis done by many of Wall Street's leading research firms when selecting securities for our client portfolios.
FAMILY AND INSTITUTIONAL CLIENTSWe manage investment portfolios and provide consolidated reporting for families with significant net worth. We also advise and manage investment portfolios for endowments, foundations, and trusts.
INDIVIDUAL SECURITIESWe build portfolios primarily using carefully researched individual securities rather than mutual funds.
FOCUSED PORTFOLIOWe believe that a concentrated equity portfolio of 20-30 individual stocks is superior to owning hundreds or thousands of stocks. 
CUSTOMIZED SOLUTIONWe believe every client deserves a customized solution. From portfolio construction to financial planning to interfacing with a client’s CPA and estate attorney, we deliver a highly customized solution.



CLIENT PROFILE

 












HIGH NET WORTH FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS

 


Kings Point Capital Management works with families and individuals who have significant wealth. We provide custom portfolios built with direct securities, consolidated reporting and access to alternative investments.

 
CLICK TO LEARN MORE ABOUT FAMILY SERVICES









INSTITUTIONS

 


Kings Point Capital Management works with institutions, such as endowments, foundations, and trust companies. We provide advisory and institutional portfolio management.

 
CLICK TO LEARN MORE ABOUT INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES



HISTORY

 









Kings Point Capital Management was founded by Jack Salzman, a former Goldman Sachs Partner (Head of Equity Research Marketing and Product Development), and Jeffrey Bates, previously a vice president in Private Wealth Management at Goldman Sachs. Jack and Jeff have over seventy-five years of collective experience managing investment portfolios for high net worth families, individuals, and institutions.


 
 





RECOGNITION

 


Kings Point Capital has been recognized by industry leading publications

 




























