




















 



 Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer

Sep 11, 2014, 16:10 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Hanger, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer (PRNewsFoto/Hanger, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer (PRNewsFoto/Hanger, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hanger, Inc. (NYSE:   HGR) today announced that Thomas Kiraly, former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, will join Hanger as Executive Vice President on Oct. 1 and will become Chief Financial Officer during the fourth quarter 2014.  Mr. Kiraly will work closely with incumbent CFO George McHenry until Mr. Kiraly assumes the role of CFO later this year.  As previously announced, Mr. McHenry will retire on Dec. 31, 2014.  
"With nearly 20 years' experience serving as CFO at both public and private healthcare and information technology companies, Tom is a highly successful financial leader who excels at achieving operational success and forging strong relationships with staff, business partners, leadership, and investors," Hanger President and CEO Vinit Asar said. "Tom has a keen understanding of the complexities and challenges of the evolving healthcare space and is motivated by Hanger's vision, mission, and culture.  He has the right vision to strengthen our accounting and financial processes for strategic future growth."
"I'm pleased to join Vinit and his team as they build upon Hanger's long-standing reputation as an innovative market leader in the empowerment of human potential through orthotic, prosthetic, and therapeutic solutions," Mr. Kiraly said.
Mr. Kiraly brings nearly three decades of experience leading financial operations.  Prior to Hanger, Mr. Kiraly served as the EVP, CFO, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, Inc., a $1.0 billion healthcare solutions provider of radiology, anesthesia, emergency department, and children services.  From 1999 to 2011, as EVP, CFO, and Treasurer, Mr. Kiraly led the financial, accounting, procurement, and real estate functions of Concentra, Inc., an $820 million provider of urgent care, occupational healthcare, and other healthcare services. In 2010 when Concentra was acquired by Humana, Inc., a Fortune 100 provider of insurance, health and wellbeing, and related healthcare services, Mr. Kiraly transitioned to Vice President of Finance responsible for corporate financial forecasting, analysis, internal reporting, and accounting operations.  From 1988 to 1999, as EVP and CFO of BRC Holdings, Inc., Mr. Kiraly led the financial accounting, human resources, and legal functions of a $130 million publicly-traded provider of information technology services to healthcare firms and local governments.
Mr. Kiraly earned his Master of Business Administration from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas and a Bachelor of Arts in Speech Communication from California State University in Northridge, Calif.
About Hanger, Inc. – Built on the legacy of James Edward Hanger, the first amputee of the American Civil War, Hanger, Inc. (NYSE:   HGR) delivers orthotic and prosthetic (O&P) patient care, and distributes O&P products and rehabilitative solutions to the broader market.  Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P patient care clinics with in excess of 770 locations nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions.  Steeped in over 150 years of clinical excellence and innovation, Hanger's vision is to be the partner of choice for products and services that enhance human physical capability.  For more information on Hanger, visit www.hanger.com and follow us at www.Facebook.com/HangerNews, www.Twitter.com/HangerNews, and www.YouTube.com/HangerNews. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/145461 
 SOURCE  Hanger, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.hanger.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 17, 2014, 17:00 ET
Preview: Hanger to Release Third Quarter 2014 Results on Thursday, November 6 After Market Close and Host Conference Call at 9:00 am Eastern on Friday, November 7













Sep 03, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: Hanger Appoints Melissa Debes as Chief Accounting Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





May 12, 2017, 07:15 ET
Hanger Completes Restatement of Prior Financial Statements; Files...






 More news releases in:

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




















 



 Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer

Sep 11, 2014, 16:10 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Hanger, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer (PRNewsFoto/Hanger, Inc.)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Hanger announces Thomas Kiraly to become Chief Financial Officer (PRNewsFoto/Hanger, Inc.)
 


 

 




 





 


AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 11, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Hanger, Inc. (NYSE:   HGR) today announced that Thomas Kiraly, former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, will join Hanger as Executive Vice President on Oct. 1 and will become Chief Financial Officer during the fourth quarter 2014.  Mr. Kiraly will work closely with incumbent CFO George McHenry until Mr. Kiraly assumes the role of CFO later this year.  As previously announced, Mr. McHenry will retire on Dec. 31, 2014.  
"With nearly 20 years' experience serving as CFO at both public and private healthcare and information technology companies, Tom is a highly successful financial leader who excels at achieving operational success and forging strong relationships with staff, business partners, leadership, and investors," Hanger President and CEO Vinit Asar said. "Tom has a keen understanding of the complexities and challenges of the evolving healthcare space and is motivated by Hanger's vision, mission, and culture.  He has the right vision to strengthen our accounting and financial processes for strategic future growth."
"I'm pleased to join Vinit and his team as they build upon Hanger's long-standing reputation as an innovative market leader in the empowerment of human potential through orthotic, prosthetic, and therapeutic solutions," Mr. Kiraly said.
Mr. Kiraly brings nearly three decades of experience leading financial operations.  Prior to Hanger, Mr. Kiraly served as the EVP, CFO, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, Inc., a $1.0 billion healthcare solutions provider of radiology, anesthesia, emergency department, and children services.  From 1999 to 2011, as EVP, CFO, and Treasurer, Mr. Kiraly led the financial, accounting, procurement, and real estate functions of Concentra, Inc., an $820 million provider of urgent care, occupational healthcare, and other healthcare services. In 2010 when Concentra was acquired by Humana, Inc., a Fortune 100 provider of insurance, health and wellbeing, and related healthcare services, Mr. Kiraly transitioned to Vice President of Finance responsible for corporate financial forecasting, analysis, internal reporting, and accounting operations.  From 1988 to 1999, as EVP and CFO of BRC Holdings, Inc., Mr. Kiraly led the financial accounting, human resources, and legal functions of a $130 million publicly-traded provider of information technology services to healthcare firms and local governments.
Mr. Kiraly earned his Master of Business Administration from the University of Texas in Austin, Texas and a Bachelor of Arts in Speech Communication from California State University in Northridge, Calif.
About Hanger, Inc. – Built on the legacy of James Edward Hanger, the first amputee of the American Civil War, Hanger, Inc. (NYSE:   HGR) delivers orthotic and prosthetic (O&P) patient care, and distributes O&P products and rehabilitative solutions to the broader market.  Hanger's Patient Care segment is the largest owner and operator of O&P patient care clinics with in excess of 770 locations nationwide. Through its Products & Services segment, Hanger distributes branded and private label O&P devices, products and components, and provides rehabilitative solutions.  Steeped in over 150 years of clinical excellence and innovation, Hanger's vision is to be the partner of choice for products and services that enhance human physical capability.  For more information on Hanger, visit www.hanger.com and follow us at www.Facebook.com/HangerNews, www.Twitter.com/HangerNews, and www.YouTube.com/HangerNews. 
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140911/145461 
 SOURCE  Hanger, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.hanger.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 17, 2014, 17:00 ET
Preview: Hanger to Release Third Quarter 2014 Results on Thursday, November 6 After Market Close and Host Conference Call at 9:00 am Eastern on Friday, November 7













Sep 03, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: Hanger Appoints Melissa Debes as Chief Accounting Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.




 Read More





May 12, 2017, 07:15 ET
Hanger Completes Restatement of Prior Financial Statements; Files...






 More news releases in:

  Health Care & Hospitals
  Medical Equipment
  Medical Pharmaceuticals
Personnel Announcements












Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


     Thomas Kiraly | Hanger Orthopedic Group , Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Thomas Kiraly – CFO Moves 





































CFO MovesTracking CFO Movement Across the USA
CFO Moves – week ending January 9, 2015
Posted on January 12, 2015 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Institutional Venture Partners (IVP)
PTC 
Cepheid 


Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
Raytheon Company 
Continental Building Products, Inc. 


West Corporation 
Alorica
Burlington Stores, Inc. 


Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Inc. 
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
Goodwin Procter


Stealth BioTherapeutics 
Indi (Integrated Diagnostics®)
Ease Entertainment Services


Alpha Natural Resources, Inc. 
AnyPresence
Sypris Solutions, Inc. 


BioAmber Inc. 
Scheck Industries 
Halfpenny Technologies, Inc.


Clustrix
Scioderm, Inc. 
Industrial Services of America, Inc. 


Aptys Solutions
BenefitMall
Senseonics, Inc.


Incyte Corporation 
Hanger, Inc.
People’s United Financial, Inc.


Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp.
Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. 
Brew Hub


IQNavigator





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Institutional Venture Partners (IVP), announced the addition of Tracy Hogan as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining IVP, Ms. Hogan was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Elevation Partners for more than 10 years. Prior to joining Elevation Partners, Tracy was the Vice President of Finance at Fox Paine & Company, a private equity firm based in the San Francisco Bay Area. Before that, Tracy was the Vice President of Finance at Code Hennessy & Simmons LLC, a private equity firm based in Chicago. Tracy began her finance career at Ernst & Young’s Audit Practice in Chicago and Boston.
PTC (NASDAQ: PTC) announced the appointment of Andrew Miller as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), effective February 5, 2015. Miller will join PTC from Cepheid where he has served as Chief Financial Officer since April 2008. Miller’s career also includes financial leadership positions at Autodesk, MarketFirst Software, Cadence Design Systems, and Silicon Graphics. Miller began his career at accounting firm Deloitte and Touche. Miller also serves on the Board of Directors of United Online, Inc. (NASDAQ: UNTD). Miller replaces Jeff Glidden, who announced in August, 2014 his intention to retire. Mr. Glidden will serve as a consultant to the Company for a transition period following Mr. Miller’s commencement of employment with the Company.
Cepheid (NASDAQ: CPHD) announced that Andrew Miller, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will be leaving Cepheid to pursue an opportunity with PTC Inc.  Mr. Miller will continue to serve as Cepheid’s CFO through February 3, 2015. Upon Mr. Miller’s departure, Cepheid’s vice president and corporate controller, Daniel Madden, will assume the role of principal financial and accounting officer until a new chief financial officer is appointed.  
Universal Pictures Home Entertainment (UPHE) announced that Jeff Fleeher has been appointed to the newly created position of Worldwide Chief Financial Officer (CFO). A seasoned executive of NBCUniversal (NBCU), Fleeher most recently served as the company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Strategy Content Distribution.  Prior to that role, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the NBCUniversal Television Networks Distribution and Digital Distribution group. Before joining NBCU, Fleeher was a part of GE’s Corporate Audit Staff. Fleeher joined GE in 2001 as a member of the Junior Officer Leadership Program, where he completed sales and strategy roles for GE Energy.
Continental Building Products, Inc. (NYSE: CBPX) announced that it has appointed James “Jay” Bachmann to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Bachmann has served as Interim Chief Executive Officer since November 2014 and Chief Financial Officer since January 2014. Mr. Bachmann will continue to serve as Chief Financial Officer in an interim role. Mr. Bachmann formerly served as Chief Financial Officer at Lafarge USA and Co-Chief Financial Officer of Lafarge North America from November 2012 through December 2013. He also held multiple executive responsibilities at Lafarge since 2002, including Senior Vice President Finance – Investor Relations of Lafarge SA from January 2008 through October 2012 and Senior Vice President and Controller of Lafarge North America Inc. from November 2005 to June 2006. Prior to Lafarge, he worked at Arthur Anderson from September 1990 to April 2002. 
Raytheon Company (NYSE: RTN) announced the appointment of Anthony F. “Toby” O’Brien vice president and Chief Financial Officer, succeeding David C. Wajsgras, who was appointed as President, Raytheon Intelligence, Information and Services (IIS) business. The new appointments are effective March 2, 2015. Wajsgras joined Raytheon as senior vice president and Chief Financial Officer in 2006. Prior to joining the company, Wajsgras was executive vice president and CFO of Lear Corporation. Before joining Lear, Wajsgras was corporate controller for Engelhard Corporation and held numerous financial management positions with Honeywell International, Inc. O’Brien joined Raytheon in 1986, holding numerous finance positions of increasing responsibility with the company over the course of his 29-year career. He most recently served as vice president and chief financial officer for Raytheon’s Integrated Defense Systems (IDS) business. Previously, O’Brien was vice president of Finance and the senior finance executive responsible for Raytheon Airline Aviation Services and Raytheon’s International Landed Companies, and Chief Financial Officer for Raytheon Aircraft Company.
West Corporation (NASDAQ: WSTC) announced the appointment of Jan Madsen as its new Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms. Madsen will replace Paul Mendlik, who had previously announced his plans to retire. Ms. Madsen comes to West from Creighton University, where she had overall financial responsibility for the University. Ms. Madsen previously served as the chief financial officer for the Financial Services Division of First Data Corporation.
Alorica announced that James Molloy has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The appointment of Molloy to CFO comes on the heels of Alorica’s announced agreement to acquire West Corporation’s agent services businesses. Prior to his work at Alorica, he held positions as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Vanguard Logistics Services and leadership positions at BAX Global, The Brink’s Company and Deloitte & Touche.
Burlington Stores, Inc. (NYSE: BURL) announced the resignation and retirement of Todd Weyhrich, the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and the promotion of Marc Katz, currently Executive Vice President of Merchandise Support and Information Technology to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Weyhrich served as the Company’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2007. Previously, Marc was Executive Vice President of Merchandise Planning and Allocation since 2009, and Chief Accounting Officer from July 2008 through December 2009. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Katz served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of A.C. Moore Arts & Crafts, Inc. from September 2006 to June 2008. Prior to his employment with A.C. Moore, Mr. Katz held various positions with Foot Locker, Inc., including most recently as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer, from June 1997 to September 2006. Prior to his employment with Foot Locker, Mr. Katz served for eight years in various financial positions at The May Department Stores Company.
Nuverra Environmental Solutions, Inc. (NYSE: NES) announced the appointment of Greg Heinlein as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Nuverra, Mr. Heinlein served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ION Geophysical. Before joining ION Geophysical in 2011, Mr. Heinlein was Chief Operating and Financial Officer of Genprex, Inc. From 2005 to 2010, Mr. Heinlein held senior management positions at Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., including Vice President and Treasurer from 2005 to 2008 and Vice President, Global Sales and Marketing, from 2008 to 2010. Prior to joining Freescale Semiconductor, Mr. Heinlein served as Vice President and Treasurer of Fisher Scientific International Inc. and Great Lakes Chemical Company. Mr. Heinlein began his career in 1987 at The Dow Chemical Company, where he worked for more than 12 years in progressively senior financial management positions.
Zynerba Pharmaceuticals, Inc. announced the appointment of Richard A. Baron as vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). Prior to joining Zynerba, Mr. Baron served as senior vice president and CFO of Globus Medical. He previously served as vice president, finance and chief financial officer of Avid Radiopharmaceuticals, a biotech company sold to Eli Lilly in 2011. Mr. Baron also served as CFO for a number of life sciences companies including Animas Corporation, which was sold to Johnson & Johnson in 2007.
Goodwin Procter announced that Michael Barton has joined the firm as Chief Financial Officer. Barton comes to Goodwin from Rothstein Kass, where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Rothstein Kass, Barton was Executive Director for Finance at Grant Thornton LLP, where he previously held the positions of Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, and Group Director of Finance and Administration.
Stealth BioTherapeutics (formerly Stealth Peptides) announced the appointment of Mark P. Colonnese as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Stealth, Mr. Colonnese most recently served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Transgenomic, Inc. Previously, he served as Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations and Chief Financial Officer at Salutria Pharmaceuticals, LLC. Prior to that, Mr. Colonnese served as Executive Vice President, Commercial Operations at AtheroGenics, Inc. Prior to joining AtheroGenics, Mr. Colonnese held executive positions at Applied Analytical Industries, Inc. and Schering-Plough Corporation.
Indi (Integrated Diagnostics®) announced that it has appointed Douglas Sanders as chief financial officer. Sanders is a prominent international life sciences CFO and entrepreneur who most recently served as CFO of CMC Biologics. Sanders is the co-founder of several life sciences companies. Prior to that, he spent 15 years with Hoffmann-La Roche, mainly in Europe. His most recent position at Roche was as head of business operations and CFO for Roche Consumer Health, a division of Hoffmann-La Roche based in Switzerland. Later Sanders returned from Europe to become CFO of MediQuest Therapeutics. Earlier in his career he held auditor positions at companies including Eastman Kodak Company, Hoffman, Stewart & Schmidt and Ernst and Young.
Ease Entertainment Services announced the appointment of Craig Dougherty as Chief Financial Officer. Dougherty most recently served as Chief Operating Officer of boutique asset management firm Fusion Analytics Holdings. He began his career at Union Bank, founding and building their entertainment & media finance group before serving as the President of the bank’s Private Capital Group. After 20 years at Union Bank, Craig joined ReplayTV, co-inventor of the DVR, in 1999 as CFO. He subsequently served as CFO of Silk Trading Co. and as an executive with a handful of new media start-ups. In 2008, Craig teamed with Stuart McLean to co-found Content & Company.
Alpha Natural Resources, Inc. (NYSE: ANR) announced that Chief Financial Officer Frank Wood will retire effective February 28, 2015.  At that time, Alpha’s Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer, Philip J. Cavatoni, will assume the additional duties of the CFO. Philip Cavatoni’s role with the corporation will be expanded to Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Strategy Officer.  Cavatoni has been with Alpha Natural Resources since 2009.  Prior to joining the company, Cavatoni held numerous positions with J.P. Morgan, beginning in 1991.
AnyPresence announced that Danielle Metzler has joined the company as Chief Financial Officer. For the past seven years, Metzler served as the Vice President of Finance for Mandiant Corporation before its acquisition by Fire Eye, Inc.  Prior to Mandiant, she was the CFO for Momentum Systems, Inc. which was acquired by Open Text.  Previously, Metzler held senior financial positions at various technology firms, including Sybase.
Sypris Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ: SYPR) announced that Anthony C. Allen has been appointed to the position of Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Allen previously served as Vice President, Treasurer, and Assistant Secretary of Sypris Solutions, Inc. (“Sypris”) since December 2004 and as Vice President of Finance and Information Systems and Assistant Secretary from 2003 to December 2004. Mr. Allen served as Vice President, Controller and Assistant Secretary of Sypris from 1997 to 2003. He served as Vice President of Finance of Sypris’ predecessor from 1994 to 1998 and as Vice President and Controller from 1987 to 1994. Prior to 1987, Mr. Allen served in a variety of management positions with Armor Elevator.
BioAmber Inc. (NYSE: BIOA) announced that Chief Financial Officer Andrew Ashworth retired on December 31, 2014 and Francois Laurin has been hired to succeed Andrew as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer.  Francois was most recently the CFO of Alderon Iron Ore Corp.  Francois was formerly the CFO of Consolidated Thompson Iron Mines and prior to that he was the CFO of Transat A.T. Francois has also held senior financial positions at Caisse de Depot du Quebec, Bombardier and Teleglobe.
Scheck Industries announced that Kevin P. McDonnell has joined the Scheck team as Chief Financial Officer. Mr. McDonnell recently served as CFO at Grenzebach Glier and Associates (GG+A). He has also held financial and operating leadership roles in public, private-equity backed, and family owned companies in the U.S. and Europe such as Sara Lee, Kraft, GG+A, WRS Compass and Kenny Construction Company.
Halfpenny Technologies, Inc. announced the appointment of Carl Smith as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Smith was CFO of Airclic. Prior to Airclic, he was CFO of MEDecision.
Clustrix announced that Thomas Muise will join Clustrix as Chief Financial Officer. Prior to Clustrix, Muise was CFO at PivotLink. Before that, Muise was CFO of analytics appliance leader Kickfire. Earlier in his career, Muise spent 12 years at Tandem Computers supporting a variety of business units, including the NonStop SQL database software division.
Scioderm, Inc. announced the appointment of Ian A.W. Howes to the position of chief financial officer. Mr. Howes joins Scioderm from Akebia Therapeutics, where he held the position of chief financial officer and vice president, corporate development. Prior to that, Mr. Howes was chief financial officer and vice president, corporate development of Serenex, Inc.
Industrial Services of America, Inc. (NASDAQ: IDSA) announced the appointment of Todd L. Phillips as its Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Phillips joins ISA from CRS Reprocessing, LLC, where he held the positions of Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to CRS, Mr. Phillips was Chief Financial Officer at Genscape, Inc. Mr. Phillips has seventeen years of finance experience, including four years in public accounting.
Aptys Solutions announced that Chad Terry has been named chief financial officer (CFO).
BenefitMall announced the addition of Stephanie Bowman, Chief Financial Officer and promotion of T. Scott Kirksey, current Chief Financial Officer to President. Prior to joining BenefitMall, Bowman served as Executive Vice President and CFO at Tuesday Morning Corporation. Kirksey has served as BenefitMall’s Chief Financial Officer since December 1999. Prior to joining BenefitMall, Kirksey served as co-CFO and Vice President of Financial Planning/Reporting at Greyhound.
Senseonics, Inc. announced the appointment of R. Don Elsey as the company’s new Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Senseonics, Don served from May 2014 to February 2015 as the CFO of Regado Biosciences. From December 2013 to March 2014, he was the CFO of LifeCell, Inc. From June 2005 to December 2012, he served as Senior VP and CFO at Emergent BioSolutions, Inc. Don served as the Director of Finance and Administration at IGEN International, Inc. and its successor BioVeris Corporation, from April 2000 to June 2005. He also served as Director of Finance at Applera and in several finance positions at International Business Machines, Inc. Don serves on the board of directors of RegeneRx Biopharmaceuticals.
Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ: INCY) announced the appointment of Paul J. Clancy as Director. Paul J. Clancy is Executive Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Biogen Idec and has served in these positions since August 2007. From 2001 to 2007, Mr. Clancy held several senior executive positions with Biogen Idec and its predecessor Biogen, Inc., including Vice President of Business Planning, Portfolio Management and U.S. Marketing, and Senior Vice President of Finance. Prior to that, he spent 13 years at PepsiCo serving in a range of financial and general management positions. Mr. Clancy serves on the board of directors of Agios Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Hanger, Inc. announced that Thomas E. Kiraly, Executive Vice President, succeeded George E. McHenry as Chief Financial Officer of the Company and became the Company’s principal financial officer.  As previously disclosed, Mr. McHenry retired from the Company on December 31, 2014. Mr. Kiraly joined the Company in October 2014 as Executive Vice President.  Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Kiraly served as the Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, Inc.  Sheridan Healthcare, Inc., was sold to AmSurg Corporation in July of 2014.  From 1999 to 2011, Mr. Kiraly served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and led the financial accounting, procurement and real estate functions of Concentra, Inc. In 2010, when Concentra, Inc. was acquired by Humana, Inc., Mr. Kiraly transitioned to the position of Vice President of Finance, responsible for corporate financial forecasting, analysis, internal reporting, and accounting operations.  From 1988 to 1999, Mr. Kiraly served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of BRC Holdings, Inc.
People’s United Financial, Inc. announced that R. David Rosato has been appointed to the position of Chief Financial Officer of the Company effective January 1, 2015. Mr. Rosato has served as a Senior Executive Vice President of the Company and of the Company’s principal operating subsidiary, People’s United Bank (the “Bank”), and as Chief Financial Officer of the Bank since April 14, 2014. Prior to that date, Mr. Rosato had served as Senior Vice President and Treasurer of the Bank and the Company since 2007.
Raptor Pharmaceutical Corp. (NASDAQ: RPTP) announced the appointment of Michael P. Smith as Chief Financial Officer. Michael Smith most recently served as Catalyst Biosciences’ Chief Financial and Business Advisor. Prior to that, he was Vice President of Business Development at iPierian and Chief Financial Officer for Memory Pharmaceuticals. Previously, Mr. Smith was Vice President of Business Development at QLT.
Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: BOOT) announced the hiring of Greg Hackman as Chief Financial Officer. Greg will serve in this position beginning January 26. Most recently he served as Vice President Finance, Global Controller for Claire’s Stores. Prior to Claire’s, he spent more than 20 years working with both May Department Stores and then Macy’s in various financial roles, including financial planning, reporting and analysis, expense planning, and payroll. Paul Iacono, the current CFO of Boot Barn, will redirect his efforts in a new role as Vice President, Business Development.
Brew Hub has hired Dave Winking as the company’s first chief financial officer. Winking joins Brew Hub after serving as a financial consultant to craft brewers throughout the Midwest. From 2011 through 2013, Winking served as vice president, business operations for advertising agency Momentum Worldwide. Prior to 2011, Winking spent more than 21 years in a variety of finance, marketing and media positions at Anheuser-Busch in St. Louis.
IQNavigator announced that Barry Capoot has joined the Company’s executive team as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). The Company’s current CFO, Debi Srdoc, will be leaving the Company to pursue other opportunities. Capoot most recently was CFO of Genesis Water. Prior to Genesis Water, Capoot served as CFO for Grant Victor. Prior to his operations roles, Capoot spent ten years in investment banking.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...CFO Moves – week ending September 12, 2014
Posted on September 15, 2014 Written by Dergel CFO Admin Leave a Comment CFO Moves this week include:



Coach, Inc. 
Baker Hughes Incorporated 
Avon Products, Inc. 


hhgregg Inc. 
The Dow Chemical Company 
Hanger, Inc. 


Summit Hotel Properties 
Recommind
Cardinal Health 


Saia Inc. 
First Advantage
International Paper Company 


diaDexus, Inc. 
Bankwell Financial Group
XZERES Corp. 


VigiLanz
MemberSuite, Inc. 
QNB Bank 


HMS Holdings Corp. 
U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. 
Wunderman New York 


SCAN Health Plan
Creative Associates International 
Itron, Inc. 


NTN Buzztime, Inc. 
NBTY, Inc. 
MOCON, Inc. 


Acucela Inc. 
Glovista Investments LLC
Cyprium Partners 


Riverbed Technology 
PRGX Global, Inc. 
KCG Holdings, Inc. 


Rocket Fuel Inc.





Would you like to receive our weekly CFO Moves directly in your email? Click the SIGN ME UP! button on the right of the blog page.
Should you have any CFO Moves to report, please email us.
CFO Moves is published by Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Stanton Chase International). Samuel can be reached by email at s.dergel@stantonchase.com or by phone at +1 (415) 738-2070.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
Coach, Inc. (NYSE:COH) announced the appointment of Gebhard Rainer, as President and Chief Operating Officer, effective September 29, 2014. Mr. Rainer joins Coach from Hyatt Hotels Corporation, where he most recently held the position of Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Rainer served as Managing Director for Hyatt International Europe, Africa and Middle East (EAME) LLC from January 2007 to August 2012. Mr. Rainer is filling a position that has been vacant since September 2013.
Baker Hughes Incorporated (NYSE: BHI) announced that Kimberly A. Ross, has been appointed Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) effective October 22, 2014. Ross currently serves as Executive Vice President and CFO of Avon Products, Inc. She served as Executive Vice President and CFO of Royal Ahold N.V. from 2007 to 2011 and held various other finance positions at Royal Ahold from 2001 to 2007. Peter Ragauss will continue with the Company serving as Senior Vice President and CFO until Kimberly assumes those responsibilities on October 22, 2014.
Avon Products, Inc. (NYSE: AVP) announced that Kimberly Ross, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has resigned effective October 2, 2014. Ms. Ross joined Avon in 2011. Robert Loughran, Vice President and Corporate Controller, will be appointed Avon’s acting Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Loughran has been with Avon for 10 years, serving as Vice President and Controller since 2012. He joined the company as Assistant Controller in 2004. Prior to Avon, Mr. Loughran spent 15 years in various financial reporting and accounting positions at public companies, and in public accounting roles at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and Deloitte & Touche LLP.
hhgregg Inc. (NYSE: HGG) announced the hiring of Robert J. Riesbeck as Chief Financial Officer. Most recently, Mr. Riesbeck served as Operations Executive/Group CFO at Sun Capital Partners. Before joining Sun Capital, Mr. Riesbeck was CFO of Marsh Supermarkets, a Sun Capital portfolio company. Prior to this, Mr. Riesbeck was CFO of American Golf Corporation and also previously held business-unit CFO roles at Nike, Inc. Mr. Riesbeck began his career with Grant Thornton LLP.
The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE: DOW) announced that Chief Financial Officer William H. (Bill) Weideman has elected to retire from the Company, following 38 years of service with Dow. The Board of Directors has elected Howard I. Ungerleider to succeed him as chief financial officer, and his appointment will become effective October 1, 2014. Ungerleider joined Dow in 1990. In 2006, he was appointed North American commercial vice president for Dow’s Basic Plastics business portfolio. From 2008 to 2011, Ungerleider served as vice president of Investor Relations. He was named president for Dow’s Performance Plastics Division in 2011, and in 2012 was named executive vice president of Dow’s Advanced Materials Division, and joined Dow’s senior-most executive team. 
Hanger, Inc. (NYSE: HGR) announced that Thomas Kiraly, former Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, will join Hanger as Executive Vice President on Oct. 1 and will become Chief Financial Officer during the fourth quarter 2014.  Mr. Kiraly will work closely with incumbent CFO George McHenry until Mr. Kiraly assumes the role of CFO later this year.  As previously announced, Mr. McHenry will retire on Dec. 31, 2014. Prior to Hanger, Mr. Kiraly served as the EVP, CFO, and Treasurer of Sheridan Healthcare, Inc. From 1999 to 2011, as EVP, CFO, and Treasurer of Concentra, Inc. From 1988 to 1999, he was EVP and CFO of BRC Holdings, Inc.
Summit Hotel Properties (NYSE: INN) announced that Greg A. Dowell has been appointed Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective October 1, 2014. Mr. Dowell will succeed Paul Ruiz, who has served as interim Chief Financial Officer since May of 2014. Mr. Ruiz will continue to serve in his present position as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. Most recently, Dowell held the position of Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at American Campus Communities (NYSE: ACC). Prior to joining ACC in 2001, Dowell spent ten years in progressive capacities with Century Development where he began as an accountant and ultimately served as Senior Vice President of Management Services over the student housing portfolio.
Recommind announced that it has appointed Bernard Huger to the position of Chief Financial Officer. Huger was previously Chief Financial Officer of MuleSoft. He previously served as Vice President of Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. Prior to his tenure at J.P. Morgan, he served as a Vice President at Stifel Nicolaus.
Cardinal Health announced that Michael C. Kaufmann has been named chief financial officer of the company effective Nov. 11, 2014. This follows the previously announced planned retirement of current Chief Financial Officer Jeffrey W. Henderson.  Kaufmann has served in the role of chief executive officer of Cardinal Health’s Pharmaceutical segment since 2009.  He joined Cardinal Health in 1990 and held a number of senior operational, sales and finance positions. Kaufmann is a member of the executive committee of the boards of the Healthcare Distribution Management Association and the National Association of Chain Drug Stores, and a trustee at Ohio Northern University.
Saia Inc. (NASDAQ: SAIA) announced that Fritz Holzgrefe has been named the company’s new chief financial officer (CFO). Holzgrefe most recently served as the vice president of business development for a Georgia subsidiary of one of the world’s leading agricultural processors. Prior to that, he served as the same company’s vice president and CFO. Jim Darby, Saia’s CFO of 14 years, will remain with the company through Sept. 30 to facilitate the transition.
First Advantage, a Symphony Technology Group (STG) company, announced that Michael S. Duffey has joined as Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Previously, Duffey spent 10 years as CFO at market information firm Symphony IRI, another STG business. Duffey has also held executive finance positions at a broad range companies, including Covansys Corporation, APW and M.A. Hanna Company.
International Paper Company (NYSE: IP) announced the election of Ray G. Young to its board of directors effective October 1, 2014. Mr. Young has been the senior vice president and chief financial officer of Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) since 2010. Prior to joining ADM, Young served as vice president of international operations in China at General Motors Company (GM), as well as executive vice president and chief financial officer of GM.
diaDexus, Inc. (OTC: DDXS) announced that Jean Viret, Ph.D., chief financial officer, will be leaving the company effective September 19, 2014 to pursue an opportunity outside of the company.
Bankwell Financial Group, the holding company for Bankwell Bank, announced that Michael Brandt joined the Company’s Board. Mr. Brandt is Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Prudential Retirement, a division of Prudential Financial. Mr. Brandt was previously Senior Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer at GE Capital Commercial Finance and Region Head and Chief Operating Officer, Americas at Babcock & Brown.
XZERES Corp. (OTC: XPWR) has appointed R. Michael Williams as chief financial officer, succeeding Steven Shum who has been appointed chief operating officer and who will remain a company director. Williams previously served as CFO of Dr. Bott. Prior to Dr. Bott, he was vice president of finance at Sonetics Corporation. He has also served as CFO of Silver Eagle Manufacturing Co. Before Silver Eagle, Williams was vice president of finance at HemCon Medical Technologies. Earlier in his career, he held controller positions at FEI Company, TRM Corporation, Williams Controls Industries, Gerber Legendary Blades Division of Fiskars, and Del Monte Foods.
VigiLanz announced the appointment of Patrick Spangler as Chief Financial Officer. Before joining VigiLanz, he served as Chief Financial Officer of Healthland, Inc. Prior to his tenure at Healthland, he served as SVP and CFO for Epocrates, a public company purchased by athenahealth. He also served as SVP and CFO of ev3, Inc., a public company purchased by Covidien. Prior to ev3 he served in various capacities at Medtronic Inc. Mr. Spangler also serves on the Board of Directors of Urologix Inc. (NASDAQ: ULGX).
MemberSuite, Inc. announced it has brought on John Hutchinson as Chief Financial Officer. Previously he was CFO of CCH Small Firm Services.
QNB Bank has named Janice McCracken as Chief Financial Officer.  McCracken previously served as CFO for Noah Bank and National Penn Bank.
HMS Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: HMSY) announced that Jeffrey S. Sherman will serve as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Jeff Sherman joins HMS from AccentCare, where he served as EVP/CFO. Sherman previously was EVP/CFO of publicly traded LifePoint Hospitals Inc. His healthcare experience also includes senior finance positions at Tenet Healthcare Corporation.
U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRTS) announced the resignation of David G. Robson as its Chief Financial Officer. Michael Yoshida, the Company’s current Controller, will assume the responsibilities as Principal Accounting Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Yoshida has served as the Controller of the Company since 2009. From August 2005 until August 2009, Mr. Yoshida served as the Vice President Finance and Controller for Hot Topic, Inc. and as the Senior Director of Finance and Controller for Bristol Farms from December 1998 until August 2005. Mr. Yoshida served as Chief Financial Officer, Vice President Finance at Farmers Market from May 1995 to December 1998.  From 1984 to 1995, Mr. Yoshida held various accounting and finance positions with Ralphs Grocery Company and Irvine Ranch Farmers Market.
Wunderman New York named Dan Wadleigh aboard as chief financial officer. Dan Wadleigh brings over 15 years of sound financial and operational strategies within the marketing services industry to Wunderman.  Wadleigh joins Wunderman from Landor where he served as chief financial officer.
SCAN Health Plan announced the appointment of Vinod Mohan as the company’s new chief financial officer. Most recently Mohan served as regional chief financial officer/Medicare and Medicare Advantage plans for UnitedHealth Group Inc./United Healthcare. Immediately prior, Mohan served as chief financial officer for Sutter Health Plus and before that chief financial officer/vice president, consumer business for WellPoint.
Creative Associates International announced that Oswaldo Holguin will join as Chief Financial Officer. Holguin served as Deputy Chief Financial Officer at Management Systems International and was Finance and Administration Director at Chemonics International, where he also held other key financial posts.
Itron, Inc. (NASDAQ: ITRI) announced that W. Mark Schmitz has been appointed executive vice president (EVP) and chief financial officer (CFO). Schmitz most recently served as the CFO of Alghanim Industries. He previously served as CFO at several other global corporations, including The Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co., Tyco International Limited’s Worldwide Fire and Security Segment and Plug Power Inc. In addition, he held a number of financial leadership roles at General Motors over 25 years. Schmitz succeeds Steven Helmbrechtas Itron’s CFO. Helmbrecht will remain with Itron through December 31, 2014 to facilitate a smooth transition.
NTN Buzztime, Inc. (NYSE: NTN) announced that Kendra Berger has resigned as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, and will continue to provide transition and support services through December 31, 2014.  Sandra Gurrola, the Company’s current Controller, will be promoted to Vice President of Finance and serve as the principal accounting officer for financial reporting purposes.  Ms. Gurrola joined the Company in November of 2009 as the Director of Accounting and has continued to escalate in her role and responsibilities since that time.
NBTY, Inc., and its parent company, Alphabet Holding Company, Inc., announced the appointment of Dipak Golechha as their Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Golechha comes to NBTY and Alphabet Holding from Chobani, where he served as Chief Financial Officer. Previously, Mr. Golechha spent nearly two decades at Procter & Gamble, where he was Chief Financial Officer of Global Feminine Health & Hygiene and Chief Financial Officer of Global Snacks.
MOCON, Inc. (NASDAQ: MOCO) announced that Darrell Lee will retire as vice president, treasurer and CFO at the beginning of October 2014, after nearly ten years with the company. Elissa Lindsoe, former CFO of Galil Medical Ltd., has been appointed vice president, treasurer and CFO effective October 6, 2014. Prior to her tenure at Galil, she served as CFO for two publicly traded companies: Urologix, Inc. and Indentix Incorporated.
Acucela Inc. announced that its Chief Financial Officer (CFO), David Lowrance, will be leaving the Company for family reasons. Brian O’Callaghan, who currently sits on Acucela’s Board of Directors, and has been appointed to become the company’s new President and Chief Operating Officer (COO), will also assume the role of Interim CFO. Brian O’Callaghan has served on the Company’s Board of Directors since September 2013. He was most recently Chairman and CEO of Sonrgy Inc. Previous to Sonrgy, Mr. O’Callaghan served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Sangart Inc. and as a member of Sangart’s Board of Directors. Mr. O’Callaghan has also held the position of Chief Commercial Officer at NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as General Manager of two global divisions of Covance Inc.,
Glovista Investments LLC announced the appointments of Christy Espinal as the firm’s Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining Glovista, Christy was the Controller and FINOP for MYD Market Inc. Prior to that, Christy was Assistant Controller for Proxima Alfa Investments (USA) LLC. Prior to Proxima, Christy was Senior Internal Auditor for Sony Corporation of America and previously part of the Assurance and Advisory practice of Deloitte & Touche LLP. 
Cyprium Partners announced the hiring of Ted Laufik as its new Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. Mr. Laufik will replace Dennis Wagner, who plans to retire on October 31st. Ted is a senior finance professional with more than 25 years of finance, strategy, investor relations and compliance experience, including with one of the country’s leading private equity and venture capital firms.
Riverbed Technology (NASDAQ: RVBD) announced the appointment of Steffan Tomlinson to its board of directors. Mr. Tomlinson currently serves as Chief Financial Officer of Palo Alto Networks. Mr. Tomlinson has held the chief financial officer position at a number of technology companies, including Aruba Networks from 2005 to 2011.
PRGX Global, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRGX) announced that Robert B. Lee, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, Controller and Treasurer, will retire from the Company on December 31, 2014. In connection with Mr. Lee’s pending retirement, Peter Limeri has been named Senior Vice President – Finance, effective September 11, 2014. The Board of Directors of the Company intends to appoint Mr. Limeri as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer later this year. Peter Limeri has over 25 years of financial experience, including his previous service with PRGX as Chief Financial Officer from February 2006 until May 2009. Mr. Limeri’s previous experience also includes serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of LCG, LLC, and service as President and Chief Financial Officer of Physiotherapy Associates.
KCG Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: KCG) announced the departure of Steve Bisgay, Chief Financial Officer.  Sean Galvin, Chief Accounting Officer, will serve as KCG’s Interim CFO. Mr. Galvin led the accounting team at Knight Capital before taking the lead accounting role at KCG.
Rocket Fuel Inc. (NASDAQ: FUEL) announced that J. Peter Bardwick, Chief Financial Officer, has given notice of his intention to resign as CFO to pursue other opportunities closer to his home and family. Mr. Bardwick will continue to serve as CFO until the end of the Company’s third fiscal quarter of 2014 and will continue with Rocket Fuel in a consulting capacity thereafter. Beginning on October 1, 2014, Ms. Bela Pandya, the Company’s Vice President of Finance, will serve as interim CFO.
Share this:LinkedInTwitterFacebookGoogleEmailPrintLike this:Like Loading...Follow CFO Moves via Email

Join the 6,397 people that receive this update by email every week. 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
 

							Email Address						












Sign up for the CFO Search Report
CFO Search Report, a follow on to CFO Moves, provides  information on CFO career opportunities in the market. 
CFO Search Report provides eligible CFOs with more information on the career opportunities identified in CFO Moves.  
CFO Search Report will provide monthly updates to eligible CFOs only. 
To apply to join and receive this exclusive monthly report, please click this link.
PS - Only qualified CFOs will be accepted to receive this exclusive monthly report. 


Samuel Dergel
Samuel is an Executive Search Consultant and CFO & Financial Executive Search Specialist with Dergel Executive Search.
Samuel and his team prepares this blog weekly so you can have one comprehensive source for CFO Moves across the USA. We track CFO Moves in our quest to be the most knowledgeable and up to date Executive Search firm focusing on the Chief Financial Officer.
If you are a company that would like help with your next CFO Hire, are a CFO that is looking to hire the right deputies for your team, or are a CFO looking for your next move, feel free to contact us.
Telephone: (415) 738-2070
Email: samuel@dergelcfo.com

 
 


Twitter: DergelCFOFollow"6 years later: Looking back at my career reboot" https://t.co/0DOtFZjK8z by @DergelCFO on @LinkedIn   Are you a #CFO with something to say about US #taxreform ?   RT @cfo: Penn West CFO and two deputies charged with #fraud. https://t.co/BlM98ACgrm https://t.co/oA76gnXLFu   This weeks' #CFO Moves includes movement at @LiquidRobotics @Kohls @MarinSoftware and 19 other co's… https://t.co/3VA0ZPZBq8   RT @OracleERPCloud: #CFOs: which quality best describes your style? See what else @DergelCFO thinks makes a great #CFO https://t.co/3TLWeah…   
Archives
Archives

Select Month
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 


EmailLinkedinRSSTwitter
© 2011-2016 Samuel Dergel (Executive Search Consultant and CFO Search Specialist). All rights reserved


 




Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address





Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			














%d bloggers like this:








Thomas Kiraly, Hanger Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  



























Feedback





Thomas Kiraly

Exec VP/CFO,
Hanger Inc






Career History




Exec VP/CFO
Hanger Inc, 1/2015-PRESENT


Exec Vice President
Hanger Inc, 10/2014-1/2015


VP:Finance
Humana Inc, 2010-2011


Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer
Concentra Operating Corp, 1999-2010


Exec VP/CFO
Brc Holdings Inc, 1988-1999


Exec VP/CFO/Treasurer
Sheridan Healthcare Inc, 4/2013-UNKNOWN


Exec VP/CFO
Concentra Managed Care Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.hanger.com






Corporate Information
Address:

10910 Domain Drive
Suite 300
Austin, TX 78758
United States


Phone:
1-512-777-3800


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.hanger.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



California State University
Bachelor's Degree


University of Texas at Brownsville
MBA








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Thomas E  Kiraly - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Thomas E  Kiraly
Check out list of companies and businesses related to Thomas E  Kiraly. Find out Thomas E  Kiraly address and contact details. View other people related to Thomas E  Kiraly - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

10910 DOMAIN DRIVE SUITE 300 AUSTIN 78758 TX




Companies related to Thomas E  Kiraly
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0000722723HANGER, INC.EVP & Chief Financial Officer 10910 DOMAIN DRIVE SUITE 300 AUSTIN 78758




Thomas E  Kiraly on the Web
Persons related to Thomas E  Kiraly - HANGER, INC.NamePositionCityKENNETH J.  ABODVP, Treas. & Asst. Secretary BETHESDAACOF MANAGEMENT LPLOS ANGELESACOF MANAGEMENT LPLOS ANGELESACOF MANAGEMENT LPLOS ANGELESACOF MANAGEMENT LPLOS ANGELESACOF OPERATING MANAGER LPLOS ANGELESACOF OPERATING MANAGER LPLOS ANGELESACOF OPERATING MANAGER LPLOS ANGELESACOF OPERATING MANAGER LPLOS ANGELESGabrielle B.  AdamsVice President Accounting AUSTINAsif  AhmadDirector AUSTINRussell Glenn  AllenVP, Treasurer & Asst. Secy. AUSTINRussell Glenn  AllenVP, Treasurer & Asst. Secy. AUSTINARES CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP10% Owner LOS ANGELESARES CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND LPLOS ANGELESARES CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP10% Owner LOS ANGELESARES CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES FUND LP10% Owner LOS ANGELESARES MANAGEMENT INCLOS ANGELESARES MANAGEMENT INCLOS ANGELESARES MANAGEMENT INCLOS ANGELESARES MANAGEMENT LLCLOS ANGELESARES MANAGEMENT LLCLOS ANGELESARES PARTNERS MANAGEMENT CO LLCLOS ANGELESARES PARTNERS MANAGEMENT CO LLCLOS ANGELESARES PARTNERS MANAGEMENT CO LLCLOS ANGELESARES PARTNERS MANAGEMENT CO LLCLOS ANGELESVINIT K  ASARPresident and CEO BETHESDAVINIT K  ASARChief Executive Officer AUSTINVINIT K  ASARAUSTINCHRISTOPHER B  BEGLEYDirector ABBOTT PARKCHRISTOPHER B  BEGLEYDirector AUSTINCHRISTOPHER B  BEGLEYAUSTINMITCHELL J MD  BLUTTNEW YORKEDMOND E  CHARRETTEEDMOND E  CHARRETTEDirector LITTLETONEDMOND E  CHARRETTEDirector LEXINGTONEDMOND E  CHARRETTEDirector LEXINGTONTHOMAS P  COOPERDirector THOMAS P  COOPERDirector SAN DIEGOTHOMAS P  COOPERDirector SAN DIEGOTHOMAS P  COOPERDirector SAN DIEGOMELISSA  DEBESVP & Chief Accounting Officer NEW YORK,MELISSA A.  DEBESVP & Chief Accounting Officer AUSTINCYNTHIA L  FELDMANNDirector BETHESDACYNTHIA L  FELDMANNDirector BETHESDACYNTHIA L  FELDMANNDirector AUSTINWILLIAM R  FLOYDDirector BETHESDAERIC  GREENDirector BETHESDAERIC  GREENDirector BETHESDAERIC  GREENDirector AUSTINSTEPHEN E  HAREDirector RICHMONDSTEPHEN E  HAREDirector BETHESDASTEPHEN E  HAREDirector AUSTINThomas E  HartmanSVP and General Counsel BETHESDAThomas E  HartmanVP and General Counsel BETHESDAThomas E  HartmanVP and General Counsel AUSTINREBECCA  HASTSVP & Chief Compliance Officer ROCKVILLEREBECCA  HASTPresident-Linkia, LLC ROCKVILLETHOMAS  HOFMEISTERVP-Finance and CAO BETHESDATHOMAS  HOFMEISTERVP of Finance & CAO BETHESDATHOMAS  HOFMEISTERVP-Finance and CAO AUSTINISAAC  KAUFMANDirector BETHESDAISAAC  KAUFMANDirector AUSTINThomas E  KiralyEVP & Chief Financial Officer AUSTINTHOMAS F  KIRKDirector PONTE VEDRA BEACHTHOMAS F  KIRKPresident & COO PONTE VEDRA BEACHTHOMAS F  KIRKPresident and CEO PONTE VERDE BEACHTHOMAS F  KIRKPres & Chief Executive Officer PONTE VERDE BEACHTHOMAS F  KIRKDirector AUSTINC RAYMOND  LARKIN JRC RAYMOND  LARKIN JRDirector ALAMORISA  LAVIZZOMOUREYSamuel M.  LiangExecutive Vice President* AUSTINGLENN M  LOHRMANNBETHESDACynthia L  LuccheseDirector PLEASANTONJEFFREY L  MARTINBETHESDAJEFFREY L  MARTINPres. Innovative Neurotronics BETHESDAJEFFREY L  MARTINPres. Innovative Neurotronics BETHESDARON  MAYPres./Southern Prosthetic ALPHARETTARON  MAYS. Prosthetic Supp.; President DULUTHRON  MAYPresident-S. Prosthetic Supply ALPHARETTARON  MAYPresident-So. Prosthetic Sup. ALPHARETTAGEORGE E  MCHENRY JREx. VP & CFO BETHESDAGEORGE E  MCHENRY JRExecutive Vice President, CFO BETHESDAGEORGE E  MCHENRY JRExecutive Vice President, CFO AUSTINWALTER A  MEFFERT JRVP-Chief Information Officer BETHESDAWALTER A  MEFFERT JRVP-Chief Information Officer AUSTINEDWARD L  MITZELVP, Chief Information Officer BETHESDAAndrew C.  MortonSVP - Human Resources AUSTINAndrew C.  MortonV.P.-Human Resources AUSTINMarion  MullauerVP & Chief Information Officer BETHESDAMICHAEL F  MURPHYVP, Development and Marketing BETHESDAPETER J  NEFFBETHESDAPETER J  NEFFDirector BETHESDAPETER J  NEFFDirector BETHESDAPETER J  NEFFDirector AUSTINJASON P  OWENVice President and Treasurer BETHESDAJASON P  OWENVice President BETHESDARICHARD  PETTINGILLDirector SANTA BARBARARICHARD  PETTINGILLDirector AUSTINScott  RansonSVP, Chief Information Officer AUSTINSamuel R  ReimerVP, Treasurer, Asst. Secretary BETHESDASamuel R  ReimerVP, Treasurer, Asst. Secretary AUSTINBennett  RosenthalDirector LOS ANGELESBennett  RosenthalDirector LOS ANGELESBennett  RosenthalDirector LOS ANGELESBennett  RosenthalDirector LOS ANGELESBennett  RosenthalDirector LOS ANGELESJOHN J  RUSHBETHESDAJOHN J  RUSHVP and Chief Medical Officer BETHESDAJOHN J  RUSHVP and Chief Medical Officer BETHESDAIVAN R  SABELChairman of the Board BETHESDAIVAN R  SABELCHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD, CEO BETHESDAIVAN R  SABELChairman of the Board BETHESDAIVAN R  SABELDirector BETHESDAIVAN R  SABELDirector AUSTINIVAN R  SABELAUSTINPaul A.  SevertTreasurer AUSTINPATRICIA B  SHRADERDirector FRANKLIN LAKESPATRICIA B  SHRADERDirector AUSTINKATHRYN M  SULLIVANDirector BATON ROUGERICHMOND L  TAYLORExecutive Vice President BETHESDARICHMOND L  TAYLORExecutive Vice President BETHESDARICHMOND L  TAYLORExecutive Vice President BETHESDARICHMOND L  TAYLORExecutive Vice President AUSTINHOWARD EDWARD TED  THRANHARDTDirector HOWARD EDWARD TED  THRANHARDTDirector JACKSONVILLEHOWARD EDWARD TED  THRANHARDTDirector PONTE VEDRAHai  TranTreasurer and Assistant Sec'y BETHESDABRIAN  WHEELERVP, Human Resources BETHESDABRIAN  WHEELERVP, Human Resources LAWRENCEVILLEBRIAN  WHEELERVice President-Human Resources BETHESDAKenneth W.  WilsonPres./COO Southern Prosthetic* AUSTIN












 










Thomas E Kiraly, 57  - Louisville, KY | MyLife.com™ Background Profile



































Search for your public page


First Name



Last Name



City





Search


*All fields are required
Already a member? Log in


















About & Contact Info






                    Photos && Social Posts






Reviews & Ratings





Court & ArrestRecords





Friends & Family












 TK


View Photos



 Edit/Remove

Thomas Kiraly
 Louisville, KY
 Age: 57 -
								01/24/1960





AKA:
                                                Thomas E Kiraly, Thomas Evan Kiraly













Work Info







Marital Status






Unavailable






 Politics









Education Info





  Edit/Remove My Info

View Full Contact Info
- OR -
View Full Background Details







Reputation Score:
4.00/5




4.00

							        	
													(1 Review)
												






                                        Rate:
                                        
                                            Thomas










Improve my Rating
                                                |  
                                                 Ask others to Rate




Ranking: 
Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD











  Edit/Remove My Info
Contact Info







View Phone Number









View Email Address, 
                                    
                                         |  Send message











13*** **** 508


Louisville, KY 40213







View Full Contact Details
- OR -
View Full Background Details








 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 4}} more
 + {{bingImagesInit.images.length - 3}} more



Summary:
                    
Summary:  

currently lives in  



Louisville
, KY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Grapevine
, TX.
        















About & Contact Information


Thomas's Story




Summary:  

currently lives in  



Louisville
, KY.


            Before that,  lived in
            



Glenview
, KY.
        




Contact Information





                            This section includes information on Addresses, Phone Numbers, and Email Addresses
                        




                                                Recent Address
                                            
13*** **** 508
Louisville, KY
View Address


Past Address
52*** **** Rd




Grapevine
, TX
View Address


Past Address
36*** **** Ave




Glenview
, KY
View Address


Past Address
42*** **** Rd




Euless
, TX
View Address


Past Address
26*** **** Dr




Colleyville
, TX
View Address





    Thomas may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Thomas's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                




View Full Phone, Email & Address Details





Work History





    Thomas may have Work information - Check Full Background Report to see possible job history including what current and previous jobs, companies they may have been employed at, job titles, duration of employment,  and a list of their co-workers.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





School History




    Thomas may have Education Information - Check Full Background Report to see possible education history including where and when they attending high school and college, and a complete list of their high school class list.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Properties




    Thomas may have Properties - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known properties. This may contain information such as address, market value, purchase price,  and loan amount.


                View Full Background Details
            





Corporate Affiliations




    Thomas may have Corporate Affiliations - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of known corporate affiliations. This may contain information such as company name, job title, address, and time period of service.


                View Full Background Details
            





Licenses and Permits




    Thomas may have Licenses & Permits - Check Full Background Report to see weapons permits, Federal Aviation Administration pilot licenses and Drug Enforcement Administration licenses for prescribing controlled pharmaceuticals. If applicable, you will also see Thomas's license number and expiration date.
                

                View Full Background Details
            






Photos & Social Posts


Photos









ViewPhotos





    Thomas may have Photos - Check Full Background Report to see possible pictures and photo albums found from social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Social Posts





View Social Posts



    We did not find any Social Posts records after searching multiple government records, social and public sources. As part of your premium service, we will continue to search and notify you when we find new information.



    Thomas may have hidden Social Profiles & Photos - Check Full Background Report to see Thomas's social media activity. This may contain online profiles, dating websites, forgotten social media accounts, and other potentially embarrassing profiles. This may also contain additional contact information, giving you more ways to get in touch.
                





Reviews & Ratings





Thomas Kiraly's Reputation Score:
4.00/5



4.00

						        	
                                            (1 Review)
                                        







                                    Rate:
                                    
                                        Thomas










Improve my Rating
                                            |  
                                             Ask others to Rate
                                            |  
                                            Write a Review




Ranking:  Compared to U.S. Population




BAD
POOR
FAIR
GOOD

















Jeffrey Tinsley, CEO & Founder of Mylife.com

Personal Review









Reply










×
Showing balanced reviews improves the credibility of your positive reviews, so consider keeping them.Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
Yes
No








×
Your request has been sent.
Close









        Court & Arrest Records
        
            
            
                
            
        
    


Arrest and Criminal Records




    Thomas may have Arrest and Criminal Records - Check Full Background Report to see possible arrest or conviction records we have found on Thomas. This may include any DUIs, traffic tickets and outstanding warrants. When applicable, we may show where the crime occurred and provide details about the offense.


                View Full Background Details
            





Sex Offender Status




    Thomas may have Sexual Offenses - Check Full Background Report to see a complete list of any and all sex offenses Thomas may have been convicted of and his current sex offender status if applicable.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies




    Thomas may have Lawsuits, Liens & Bankruptcies - Check Full Background Report to see local, state and federal court documents, sensitive legal information and any litigation that Thomas may have been involved in.  We'll reveal arrest details like case numbers, offense descriptions, and booking dates, where available.
                

                View Full Background Details
            







Family & Friends


Relatives/Associates




    Thomas may have a record of Relatives/Associates - Check Full Background Report to see possible family members, friends, co-workers, and associates found from multiple government records, social and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Classmates




    Thomas may have a record of associated Classmates - Check Full Background Report to see possible who they are and full classlists  found from school records and public sources.
                

                View Full Background Details
            





Neighborhood Information | Information based on current address








Age








Education Level










Household Income








Estimated Home Values










Top Buying Habits








Top Interests & Hobbies










Find Another Thomas Kiraly






tk


Thomas Kiraly, 65 
Oxford, CT



tk


Thomas Kiraly, 42 
Tampa, FL



tk


Thomas Kiraly, 60 
Granger, IN



tk


Thomas Kiraly, 59 
Roseville, MI



tk


Thomas Kiraly, 32 
Roseville, MI



tk


Thomas Kiraly, 69 
El Paso, TX




                                View More
                            














A Full Background Report Includes



Find Background Profiles & Reputation Scores for Everyone in the U.S.



                            MyLife searches government, social & public sources to pull together all details in one place
                        




                            Contact details include addresses, email, phone numbers, photos & social profiles and more
                        




                            Background checks include arrest & court records, education & work history, personal reviews and more to asses anyone's reputation
                        



Only MyLife Helps You Improve Your Background Report & Reputation Score



                            Edit & correct your own Background Report to look your best to employers, clients, friends, dates & others searching for you on Google.
                        




                            Ask friends, family, employers & clients to review you to improve your public Reputation Score.
                        




                            Remove your information from sites you can't control to protect your privacy
                        



See What MyLife Customers Are Saying

                        "When considering new tenants, you should always
                        check and verify their background to feel secure
                        & protected. MyLife makes it easy"
                    


- Ron W.




 







Back to Top




















×
Send Message


Message sent
An error has occurred, please try again later...


How do you know this person?

Please select (used to notify recipient)
Unknown
College
High School
Junior High School
Grade School
Met on MyLife.com
Is My Friend
Related to Me
Mutual Friend
Work
Club or Organization
Religion Affiliation
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Found You Through a Dating Service
Found Your Service



Subject



Message




 Add/Track Contact
							







SEND NOW

















×


					Your message has been sent.
				











×
Help Thomas build his reputation & public image 
Thank you for rating Thomas Kiraly
Please provide additional details to give people more insight into Thomas's reputation. 



Sorry! We were unable to submit your review


                                        Please select at least one quality
                                    




Does Thomas have these qualities?
Deselect all







Personal
Professional
Dating





 Smart
 Loyal
 Honest
 Good listener
 Humble
 Generous
 Fun
 Easy going
 Optimistic
 Kind
I would NOT be friends with Thomas
 I would be friends

Is there anything you want to say about  on a personal level?
  (Optional)




 Responsible
 Hardworking
 Intelligent
 Collaborative
 Creative
 Resourceful
 Motivated
 Flexible
 Ambitious
 Articulate
I would NOT work with Thomas

Is there anything you want to say about  on a professional level?
  (Optional)




 Faithful
 Respectful
 Understanding
 Funny
 Romantic
 Sexy
 Smart
 Passionate
 Good looking
 Good listener
 I would NOT date Thomas

Is there anything you want to say about  concerning dating?
  (Optional)




You are responsible for your submissions, which must be true, lawful and not violate any person's rights. You agree to our User Agreement.







How do you know Thomas?*

Friends
                                          Friend
Professional
Dating
Family Member
Neighbor
School
Club or Organization
Religious
Myself
Not Sure
Don't Know Them
Other







    Post anonymously
?






















































POST REVIEW








×

                        
                                Two Ways to Improve your Score
                            




Correct and Edit your extended background details
Correct & Edit


Ask Family & Friends  for positive reviews
  Send an Email
Share on Facebook










×





























×





Search to Find Background Reports & Publicly Exposed Personal Details on Anyone including Yourself.
Are You Thomas Kiraly?


YES
See & control your exposed background info
See, Monitor & Enhance Your Background Report that People are Viewing.


NO
See public background info on  Thomas 
See Background Report to Learn  the Truth about Thomas .











×





Thank you. We received your vote.











×






GET AN ADDITIONAL PREMIUM REPORT ON Thomas Kiraly
Premium data contains highly sensitive  info such as:

Arrest Records
Wealth & Assets
Lawsuits & Liens
Licenses & Permits
Sexual Offenses
Corp. Affiliations




                            In order to access the sensitive info on a Premium Report today, an additional fee is required. Remember, you do not need to purchase a Premium Report to access the info that is available in Standard Reports.
                        
BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
No, thank you




THANK YOU FOR YOUR PURCHASE
Your Premium Report is now Ready
CLICK HERE TO SEE REPORT




There is a problem authorizing your charge on this card. Please try your card again or try another card.























Credit Card No.






Expiry Date

MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12


Year

                                                        2017

                                                        2018

                                                        2019

                                                        2020

                                                        2021

                                                        2022

                                                        2023

                                                        2024

                                                        2025

                                                        2026

                                                        2027

                                                        2028

                                                        2029

                                                        2030

                                                        2031

                                                        2032

                                                        2033




CVC 









BUY PREMIUM REPORT FOR  
















×
You now have access to view Thomas Kiraly's Premium Background Report.

The information in this report is gathered from Government, Social & Public Records gathered from across the web.

                                    Access Thomas's Premium Background Report
                                    









×
MyLife Protects & Builds Your Reputation


MyLife gathers up-to-date Government, Social & Public Records so you know what's public everywhere online and help you build your reputation for employers, friends and others that search for you here and on Google.
We recommended you:

Edit & Correct Your Background Report
Complete Your Profile Providing Positive Details
Ask Friends for Positive Reviews
See Who's Checking Your Background
Remove Unwanted Records You Can't Control










×
Review posted! Register to get reply alerts



New to MyLife? Register today for FREE.

Already a member?  Log in







































Name




Email

We respect your privacy


Message


Register to send your email

Gender

                                I am
                                Male
Female



Birthday


MM
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12




DD




YYYY


Must be 13 years or older to join


ZIP Code



Password



Confirm Password




FIND MY PAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy




See & Monitor All Background Info That's Public On AnyoneWe'll show you all background information, personal reviews and other details from government records and proprietary sources across the web, plus alert you to changes.
Edit and Add-To Your Background Info, Personal Reviews and Social PostsControl your public details to look good to employers, clients, friends and anyone who finds you online.
Send Messages To Get In Touch With AnyoneGet complete contact info on anyone. Send unlimited messages to make valuable professional and personal contacts.












×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Thomas Kiraly











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












�
Send a message to  Thomas



Compose your message





































Your name




From



Message




SEND YOUR MESSAGE

By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement & Privacy Policy









×





Sign up for FREE. See detailed background info for Thomas Kiraly











































                                        Already a member? Log in

























VIEW FULL DETAILS




                                       By clicking on the button above, you agree to our User Agreement &  Privacy Policy




*Must be 13 years or older to join






Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.
Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.


Send Message to Anyone Get complete contact info on anyone, make valuable professional and personal contacts.
Monitor Your Personal Info & Background Report that's Public Make sure it's accurate.
Edit Your Background Info & Personal ReviewsViewed by employers, clients, friends, or anyone
See Who's Searching for You ® Employers, friends, lovers, stalkers and others are looking for you.
Remove Private Information that's Exposed Stop sites from selling your private details online.












Find Anyone:

Find Anyone:
A|
B|
C|
D|
E|
F|
G|
H|
I|
J|
K|
L|
M|
N|
O|
P|
Q|
R|
S|
T|
U|
V|
W|
X|
Y|
Z







COMPANY
About Us
Testimonials
Press
Careers
Contact Us
Blog
FAQs




SERVICES
Monitor Your Identity
Remove Your Public Profiles
Background Check
See Who's Searching for You
Connect with Friends & Find People
Manage Your Membership




DIRECTORIES
People Search




Visit us on:












                Copyright © Tue Jul 25 05:26:58 PDT 2017 MyLife.com®, Inc. |
User Agreement |
Privacy Policy
U.S. Patent No. 6,701,348 and 6,694,353








	            * The other websites referenced on this site are owned and operated by their respective companies, and the associated trademarks and logos are the property of those companies. Links are provided for reference only and MyLife.com® does not imply any connection or relationship between MyLife.com® and these companies.
	        



 












Thomas  Kiraly's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
K
Kiraly

Thomas  Kiraly




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 136384925Thomas  Kiraly37 Oakwood DrOxford, CT 06478Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384926Thomas  Kiraly945 Florida AveMc Donald, OH 44437Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384927Thomas J Kiraly4202 Fowler AveTampa, FL 33620Age 42 (Born May 1975)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384928Thomas E Kiraly2600 Whitehaven DrColleyville, TX 76034Age 57 (Born 1960)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384929Thomas E Kiraly51240 Oak Lined DrGranger, IN 46530Age 61 (Born Dec 1956)(574) 277-3025Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384930Thomas E Kiraly2600 Whitehaven St NColleyville, TX 76034Age 57 (Born 1960)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384931Thomas R Kiraly119 Oakwood DrSeymour, CT 06483Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384932Thomas R Kiraly36 Oakwood DrOxford, CT 06478(203) 888-6843Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384933Thomas W Kiraly29541 Commonwealth StRoseville, MI 48066Age 59 (Born Mar 1958)(586) 774-5646Background Check - Available
Record ID: 136384934Thomas A Kiraly4801 Excalibur DrEl Paso, TX 79902Age 69 (Born 1948)(915) 544-7095Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313609Thomas  Kiraly37 Oakwood DrOxford, CT 06478Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313610Thomas  Kiraly945 Florida AveMc Donald, OH 44437Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313620Thomas R Kiraly119 Oakwood DrSeymour, CT 06483Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313621Thomas R Kiraly36 Oakwood DrOxford, CT 06478(203) 888-6843Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313630Thomas W Kiraly29541 Commonwealth StRoseville, MI 48066Age 59 (Born Mar 1958)(586) 774-5646Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313640Thomas A Kiraly4801 Excalibur DrEl Paso, TX 79902Age 69 (Born Feb 1948)(915) 544-7093Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313641Thomas E Kiraly2600 Whitehaven DrColleyville, TX 76034Age 57 (Born 1960)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313642Thomas E Kiraly2600 Whitehaven St NColleyville, TX 76034Age 57 (Born 1960)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313643Thomas E Kiraly51240 Oak Lined DrGranger, IN 46530Age 61 (Born Dec 1956)(574) 277-3025Background Check - Available
Record ID: 623313649Thomas J Kiraly4202 Fowler AveTampa, FL 33620Age 42 (Born May 1975)Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Background Checks and Public Records Search - Truthfinder








 


















Call Toll Free!  (800) 699-8081



Public Records Search
Social Media, Photos, Police Records, Background Checks, Contact Information and Much More!









START HERE - Try searching a friend, relative, celebrity, yourself, or someone else you might know...



First Name:





Last Name:





City:





State:


All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
District Of Columbia
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virgin Islands
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





This is me
Searching for yourself?




Search





  This secure connection is confirmed




We're Very Popular















What Our Happy Users Are Saying




"TruthFinder.com is freakishly accurate… Really scary how much info is out there." -Zac K.


"You found an old friend for me. Thank you." -Nancy V.


"TruthFinder is an excellent site for finding out about someone." -Sherrie F.


"This site is so wonderful. I found my lost godchildren and their mom. Thank you so much." -Lawrence W.


"This is one way to really know a potential date." -Charmaine R.


"Your service is more than perfect. It is a blessing. Thank you for the very hard work that you do." -Richard B.


"Truthfinder is a very accurate updated system. Their information is proper. And can be very helpful too." -Juan M.









Notice
This site contains REAL police records (court records of driving citations, speeding tickets, felonies, misdemeanors, sexual offenses, mugshots, etc.), background reports, photos, court documents, address information, phone numbers, and much more. Please BE CAREFUL when conducting a search and ensure all the information you enter is accurate.
Learning the truth about the history of your family and friends can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.
TruthFinder does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. We provide a lot of sensitive information that can be used to satisfy your curiosity, protect your family, and find the truth about the people in your life. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employers, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purposes that would require FCRA compliance.
I Understand


Help Us Refine Your Results
Select Your Gender



Male



Female

NEXT

Skip


























Amazon.com: kiraly







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 1,647 results for "kiraly"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals












Kiraly Last Name Strong American Cool T Shirtby avatshirt
$
26
99-$
28
99

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersProduct Description... This Kiraly Last Name Strong American T Shirt is provided on quality ...Metal Signs Kiraly Family Parking - Customized Last Name - 12"X18" Quality Aluminum Signby VinMea
$
23
99

+ $2.10 shippingSnow Clues: A Dan Kiraly MysteryMay 23, 2017by Terez PeipinsKindle Edition$0.00Read this and over 1 million books withKindle Unlimited.
$
4
99

to buyPaperback
$
15
95

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn StockMore Buying Choices$15.95(10 used &amp new offers)
3.6 out of 5 stars
7Borrow for free from your Kindle device.Join Amazon PrimeKiraly Got Parody Custom Name T Shirt T Shirtby Jokertshirt
$
25
99-$
27
99

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersProduct Description... This Kiraly Got Parody Custom Name T Shirt T Shirt is provided on ...









The Sand Man: An AutobiographyApr 1999by Karch Kiraly and Byron ShewmanHardcover$5.11(19 used &amp new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
9Fekete Kiraly [Explicit]by T Dot JacksonMP3 Music
$
0
99

Not yet available.2015 Sportkings KARCH KIRALY # SM08 Vault Single Memorabilia Silver Hat #d 3/5by Sportkings
$
80
00

+ $3.00 shippingOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.Karch Kiraly; Gabrielle Reece #9/25 (Trading Card) 2011 Upper Deck World of Sports - Sports Nation Dual Signatures #SN-RKby Upper Deck World of Sports
$
40
24

+ $3.99 shippingOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.u23471-r KIRALY Family Name Bar & Grill Home Beer Food Neon Signby AdvPro Name
$
31
99

$39.99+ $9.99 shippingOnly 20 left in stock - order soon.Gabor Kiraly (Hungary) Soccer White Stainless Steel Water Bottle Straw Topby Custom Image Factory
$
19
99

+ $5.27 shippingLet's Play Beach Volleyball with Karch Kiraly and Karolyn Kirby Learn the Game From Volleyball's Two Top Ranked Playersby ESPN IntelliPlay Total Sports InstructionUnknown Platform$4.75(3 open box & new offers)Gabor Kiraly (Hungary) Soccer Stainless Steel Mugby Custom Image Factory
$
20
99

+ $5.31 shipping6" printed KIRALY name oval Euro style MAGNET for any metal surfaceby Beach Graphic Pros
$
6
99

+ $5.00 shippingKarch Kiraly's Championship VolleyballJun 13, 1996by Karch KiralyPaperback
$
13
83

$15.75PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$1.95(67 used &amp new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
62010 Erzsébet Cellars Tokaj Grand Cru Király dűlő 750mlby Kiraly Dulo
$
24
99

See DetailsEligible for 1¢ Standard Shipping See DetailsKIRALY Drive Street Sign, Custom KIRALY Family Last Name Sign - Blue - 9"x36"by The Lizton Sign Shop
$
49
95

+ $5.00 shippingProduct Description... KIRALY Drive Street Sign, Custom KIRALY Family Last Name Sign - Blue - 9 ...












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forKindle StoreContemporary FictionRomantic SuspenseU.S. Historical FictionSingle Authors Short StoriesBooksVolleyballForeign Language ReferenceEuropean HistorySports & OutdoorsGothic FictionHistoryRomantic SuspenseSports BiographiesWords, Language & GrammarLinguistics ReferenceSee moreMovies & TVMystery & ThrillersDramaMoviesForeign FilmsAmazon VideoVHSCDs & VinylClassicalChamber MusicJazzAmazon VideoMoviesCollectibles & Fine ArtCollectible Sports Trading CardsDigital MusicClothing, Shoes & JewelryHome & KitchenEverything ElseSports & OutdoorsAutomotive Parts & AccessoriesTools & Home ImprovementGrocery & Gourmet FoodSoftwareToys & GamesSee All 16 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBook LanguageEnglishEuropean CountriesAustria & HungaryGreeceActorCindy DíazAgnes KiralyAdolfo FernándezLois SmithHarry L. SeddonVirginia MadsenBobby CannavaleTom AldredgeDylan BakerAlan AldaMatthew BroderickJimmy BennettJim True-FrostLouis C.K.Gérard DepardieuSee moreDirectorIsabel de OcampoTerry KinneyNimród AntalYves SimoneauNimrod AntalMovie & TV Show Release Decade2010 & Newer2000 - 20091990 - 19991980 - 19891970 - 19791960 - 1969Up to 1960Avg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates































Amazon Prime

































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 





















































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started































 

Simplify your life with Amazon PrimeWhere savings happen and entertainment lives. 







Start your 30-day Prime free trial 

After your free trial, Amazon Prime is just $10.99/month.  Cancel anytime.
                    
                              See more plans  ›


Give the gift of Prime | 
                            Refer a friend | 
                            Have a Prime promo code?




    
    
    



Fast, FREE shipping on over 50 million eligible itemsChoose from FREE Two-Hour, Same-Day or Two-Day Delivery with Prime    
    
    



Need a last minute gift? Can’t get out of the house? Realize you forgot to pick up something? With FREE Two-Day Shipping and more from Amazon Prime, your shopping problems are solved. You get unlimited deliveries with no minimum order size, and with millions of eligible items, the options are practically limitless. When shipping to select metro areas, Prime members also get FREE Same-Day Delivery on over a million items and FREE 2-hour delivery with Prime Now on daily essentials and groceries. With FREE release-date delivery on eligible pre-order items, you can enjoy highly anticipated books, movies, and video games as soon as possible. 
Learn more about all the Prime shipping options

    
    
    



Enjoy instant access to video streaming    
    
    



Prime includes popular movies and TV shows    
    
    



Make every night a movie night with Prime Video. Your Prime membership includes instant access to thousands of movies and TV shows at no additional cost. Catch Amazon Original Series like Golden Globe-winning Transparent, Mozart in the Jungle, and Goliath, Emmy-winning Man in the High Castle, or exciting and wildly popular The Grand Tour. Stream on select Smart TVs, Roku, Xbox, Amazon Fire TV, iPhones, tablets, and Android devices. Download entertainment to your device to watch offline anywhere.
Browse movies and TV shows
    
    
    



Over two million songs. Thousands of playlists and stations.    
    
    



On-demand, ad-free music streaming     
    
    



Prime Music is a music streaming benefit featuring a growing selection of two million songs, Alexa voice-integration, and personalized recommendations at no additional cost with your Amazon Prime Membership. Unlock even more music with Amazon Music Unlimited, plus get an exclusive Prime member discount.
Learn more
    
    
    



Books, Magazines & More    
    
    



Unlimited reading on any device    
    
    



Prime Reading gives you unlimited access to over a thousand books, current issue magazines, books with Audible narration, comics, Kindle Singles, and more. With access from any device – including your phone, tablet, or Kindle – you can read however you want, whenever you want.
Learn more
    
    
    



Original audio series from Audible    
    
    



Unlimited listening to original audio series    
    
    



Get hooked on original audio series from Audible: hunt for clues with intrepid investigators, think big with bold visionaries, or ‘keep it real’ with fearless comedians. Listen to insightful and engaging playlists handcrafted for every interest and refreshed daily, drawing from news, comedy shows, articles, talks and more. Whether you want to turn rush hour into an adventure with a great story or master a new topic while riding the train, your commute will never be the same. Audible Channels–from Audible, a world leader in audio entertainment.
Learn More
    
    
    



Twitch Prime    
    
    



Get free game content every month, exclusive discounts, plus loads more    
    
    



Get a member exclusive discount on new release and preorder boxed video games. You'll get characters, vehicles, skins, and boosts for top games on Twitch, plus surprises like full indie games and exclusive loot. You also receive ad-free viewing and a free monthly Twitch channel subscription to support your favorite streamer.
Learn more
    
    
    



All your photos, together at last    
    
    



Free unlimited photo storage    
    
    



Your Prime membership comes with free unlimited photo storage through Prime Photos, which lets you securely save as many photos as you like and see them on your phone, computer, or tablet. You can share this Prime benefit and give free photo storage to up to five family members or friends. Collect photos together with your invited family and friends in the Family Vault and store memories from everyone in one safe place. New photo search technology makes it easy to find specific photos by searching for things like “sunset” or “Seattle,” and your photos are organized automatically so it’s easy to find and enjoy them.
Learn more
    
    
    



Prime Rewards    
    
    



Cardmembers earn 5% Back with a Prime Credit Card.    
    
    



Eligible Prime members can earn 5% back at Amazon.com using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Card or the Amazon Prime Store card. All Prime members earn 2% rewards on their debit spending with Amazon Prime Reload.
Learn More

    
    
    



Get Early Access    
    
    



30-minute early access to select Amazon Lightning Deals    
    
    



Consider yourself a techy, the best-styled fashionista on the block, or just an everyday savvy shopper? Be among the first to decide what's hot and what's not. Get 30-minute early access to select Lightning Deals on Amazon.

Shop Amazon Lightning Deals

Look for Prime eligible items, videos, music and Kindle books are clearly marked. Just look for the Prime logo when you shop. 














  Back to top      Get to Know Us   Careers   About Amazon   Investor Relations   Amazon Devices      Make Money with Us   Sell on Amazon   Sell Your Services on Amazon   Sell on Amazon Business   Sell Your Apps on Amazon   Become an Affiliate   Advertise Your Products   Self-Publish with Us   Become an Amazon Vendor   Sell Your Subscription on Amazon   › See all      Amazon Payment Products   Amazon Rewards Visa Signature Cards   Amazon.com Store Card   Amazon.com Corporate Credit Line   Shop with Points   Credit Card Marketplace   Reload Your Balance   Amazon Currency Converter      Let Us Help You   Your Account   Your Orders   Shipping Rates & Policies   Amazon Prime   Returns & Replacements   Manage Your Content and Devices   Amazon Assistant   Help                   English   United States          Amazon Music Stream millionsof songs       Amazon Drive Cloud storagefrom Amazon       6pm Score dealson fashion brands       AbeBooks Books, art& collectibles       ACX Audiobook PublishingMade Easy       Alexa Actionable Analyticsfor the Web       Amazon Business Everything ForYour Business          AmazonFresh Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door       AmazonGlobal Ship OrdersInternationally       Home Services Handpicked ProsHappiness Guarantee       Amazon Inspire Digital EducationalResources       Amazon Rapids Fun stories forkids on the go       Amazon Restaurants Food delivery fromlocal restaurants       Amazon Video Direct Video DistributionMade Easy          Amazon Web Services Scalable CloudComputing Services       Audible DownloadAudio Books       AudiobookStand Discount Audiobookson Disc       Book Depository Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide       Box Office Mojo Find MovieBox Office Data       ComiXology Thousands ofDigital Comics       CreateSpace Indie Print PublishingMade Easy          DPReview DigitalPhotography       East Dane Designer Men'sFashion       Fabric Sewing, Quilting& Knitting       Goodreads Book reviews& recommendations       IMDb Movies, TV& Celebrities       IMDbPro Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need       Junglee.com Shop Onlinein India          Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital PublishingMade Easy       Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Deliveryon Everyday Items       Prime Photos Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime       Shopbop DesignerFashion Brands       TenMarks.com Math Activitiesfor Kids & Schools       Warehouse Deals Open-BoxDiscounts       Whispercast Discover & DistributeDigital Content               Withoutabox Submit toFilm Festivals       Woot! Deals andShenanigans       Zappos Shoes &Clothing       Souq.com Shop Online inthe Middle East       Subscribe with Amazon Discover & trysubscription services               Conditions of Use   Privacy Notice   Interest-Based Ads   © 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates    










v
























