


Smart Sand (NYSE:SND) Stock Price, News & Analysis | MarketBeat






















    























































































Smart Sand Company Profile (NYSE:SND)



  






Company Profile



Analyst Ratings



Earnings History



Earnings Estimates



Dividend History



Insider Trade



Headlines



Social Media



Chart






About Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)
Smart Sand, Inc. is a producer of Northern White raw frac sand, which is a proppant used to enhance hydrocarbon recovery rates in the hydraulic fracturing of oil and natural gas wells. The Company sells its products primarily to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies and oilfield service companies under a combination of long-term take-or-pay contracts and spot sales in the open market. It owns and operates a raw frac sand mine and related processing facility near Oakdale, Wisconsin. In addition to the Oakdale facility, it owns a second property in Jackson County, Wisconsin, known as Hixton site. Its sand reserves include a balanced concentration of coarse (20/40, 30/50 and 40/70 gradation) sands and fine (60/140 gradation) sand. Its reserves contain deposits of approximately 20% of 20/40 and coarser substrate, over 40% of 40/70 mesh substrate and approximately 40% of 100-mesh substrate. Its 30/50 gradation is a derivative of the 20/40 and 40/70 blends. 


Industry, Sector and Symbol:

Sector: Basic Materials
Industry: Construction Materials - NEC
Sub-Industry: N/A
Symbol: NYSE:SND
CUSIP: N/A
Web: smartsand.com/

Capitalization:Market Cap: $253.34 millionOutstanding Shares: 40,340,000Average Prices:50 Day Moving Avg: $7.85200 Day Moving Avg: $13.2152 Week Range: $5.90 - $21.99


P/E:Trailing P/E Ratio: 16.88Foreward P/E Ratio: 5.56P/E Growth: 0.12Sales & Book Value:Annual Revenue: $73.93 millionPrice / Sales: 3.43Book Value: $4.16 per sharePrice / Book: 1.51


Profitability:EBIDTA: $25.65 millionNet Margins: 3.87%Return on Equity: 2.51%Return on Assets: 2.08%Misc:Average Volume: 928,656 shs.Short Ratio: 2.46

 

Frequently Asked Questions for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)
What is Smart Sand's stock symbol?

Smart Sand trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbol "SND."



How were Smart Sand's earnings last quarter?

Smart Sand Inc (NYSE:SND) released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May, 11th. The company reported $0.02 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.03. The business earned $25 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $18.13 million. Smart Sand had a return on equity of 2.51% and a net margin of 3.87%. The company's revenue for the quarter was up 140.4% on a year-over-year basis.  View Smart Sand's Earnings History.



Where is Smart Sand's stock going? Where will Smart Sand's stock price be in 2017?

10 equities research analysts have issued 1-year target prices for Smart Sand's shares. Their forecasts range from $8.50 to $22.00. On average, they anticipate Smart Sand's stock price to reach $15.53 in the next twelve months. View Analyst Ratings for Smart Sand.



Who are some of Smart Sand's key competitors?

 Some companies that are related to Smart Sand include Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL), Highland Gold Mining Ltd (HGM), OMNOVA Solutions (OMN), Resolute Forest Products (RFP), CVR Partners, LP (UAN), Intrepid Potash (IPI), Haynes International (HAYN), AgroFresh Solutions (AGFS), Endeavour Silver Corporation (EXK), NL Industries (NL), Landec Corporation (LNDC), Taseko Mines Ltd (TGB), Ryerson Holding Corporation (RYI), Trecora Resources (TREC), Kenmare Resources plc (KMR), Asanko Gold (AKG), Golden Star Resources (GSS) and DAQO New Energy Corp. (DQ).



Who are Smart Sand's key executives?

Smart Sand's management team includes the folowing people: Jose E. Feliciano, Independent Co-Chairman of the BoardAndrew R. Speaker, Co-Chairman of the BoardCharles E. Young, Chief Executive Officer, DirectorLee E. Beckelman, Chief Financial OfficerWilliam John Young, Executive Vice President of Sales and LogisticsRobert Kiszka, Executive Vice President - OperationsSusan Neumann, Vice President - Accounting, Controller, SecretaryRonald P. Whelan, Vice President - Business DevelopmentColin Leonard, Independent DirectorTimothy J. Pawlenty, Independent Director



When did Smart Sand IPO?

 (SND) raised $175 million in an initial public offering on Friday, November 4th 2016. The company issued 10,600,000 shares at a price of $15.00-$18.00 per share.  Credit Suisse and Goldman Sachs acted as the underwriters for the IPO and Jefferies, Simmons & Company International (Energy Specialists of Piper Jaffray, Tudor, Pickering, Holt and Deutsche Bank Securities were co-managers. 



Who owns Smart Sand stock?

Smart Sand's stock is owned by many different of institutional and retail investors. Top institutional shareholders include Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. (2.05%), Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. (1.57%), Sprott Inc. (1.49%), Viking Fund Management LLC (0.92%), Russell Investments Group Ltd. (0.62%) and Spark Investment Management LLC (0.60%). Company insiders that own Smart Sand stock include Andrew R Speaker, Charles Edwin Young, Jose Enrique Feliciano, Lee E Beckelman, Robert Kiszka and Susan E Neumann. View Institutional Ownership Trends for Smart Sand.



Who sold Smart Sand stock? Who is selling Smart Sand stock?

Smart Sand's stock was sold by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Viking Fund Management LLC, Sprott Inc., Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P., Spark Investment Management LLC and NGAM Advisors L.P.. Company insiders that have sold Smart Sand stock in the last year include Andrew R Speaker, Charles Edwin Young, Jose Enrique Feliciano, Lee E Beckelman, Robert Kiszka and Susan E Neumann. View Insider Buying and Selling for Smart Sand.



Who bought Smart Sand stock? Who is buying Smart Sand stock?

Smart Sand's stock was acquired by a variety of institutional investors in the last quarter, including Russell Investments Group Ltd., Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc., Bank of Montreal Can, Creative Planning and Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc..  View Insider Buying and Selling for Smart Sand.



How do I buy Smart Sand stock? 

Shares of Smart Sand can be purchased through any online brokerage account. Popular online brokerages include Vanguard Brokerage Services, TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Scottrade, Fidelity and Charles Schwab. 



What is Smart Sand's stock price today?

One share of Smart Sand stock can currently be purchased for approximately $6.28.


MarketBeat Community Rating for Smart Sand (NYSE SND)Community Ranking:  3.4 out of 5 (  )Outperform Votes:  69 (Vote Outperform)Underperform Votes:  31 (Vote Underperform)Total Votes:  100MarketBeat's community ratings are surveys of what our community members think about Smart Sand and other stocks. Vote "Outperform" if you believe the stock will outperform the S&P 500 over the long term. Vote "Underperform" if you believe the stock will underperform the S&P 500 over the long term. You may vote once every thirty days.


Analyst Ratings
Consensus Ratings for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND) (How are Consensus Ratings Calculated?) MarketBeat calculates consensus ratings using the most recent rating from each brokerage that has rated a stock within the last twelve months. Since brokers often use different ratings systems, each rating is normalized to a standardized rating score of 1 (sell), 2 (hold), 3 (buy) or 4 (strong buy). Consensus ratings scores are calculated using the mean average of the number of normalized sell, hold, buy and strong buy ratings. Each stock's consensus rating is derived from its calculated consensus ratings score (0-1.5 = Sell, 1.5-2.5 = Hold, 2.5-3.5 = Buy, >3.5 = Strong Buy). MarketBeat's consensus price targets are a mean average of the most recent available price targets set by each analyst that has set a price target for the stock in the last twelve months.MarketBeat will no longer include ratings and price target data in its consensus calculation if a broker drops coverage and MarketBeat has received a report that coverage was dropped. Ratings from certain research firms that issue ratings using purely quantitative methods (such as Zacks, Vetr and ValuEngine) are not included in consensus calculations. MarketBeat's consensus ratings and consensus price targets may differ from those calculated by other firms due to differences in methodology and available data.Ratings Breakdown: 3 Hold Ratings, 7 Buy RatingsConsensus Rating:Buy (Score: 2.70)Consensus Price Target: $15.53 (147.26% upside)

Analysts' Ratings History for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)

Show:  
Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage
All Ratings For This Stock


DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetImpact on Share PriceDetails7/20/2017Credit Suisse GroupDowngradeOutperform -> Neutral$20.00 -> $8.50High6/26/2017Jefferies Group LLCReiterated RatingBuy$20.00 -> $15.00High6/15/2017Janney Montgomery ScottInitiated CoverageBuy -> Buy$13.00High5/30/2017Deutsche Bank AGReiterated RatingBuy$21.00 -> $18.00Low5/25/2017Evercore ISIInitiated CoverageIn-Line$12.00High4/11/2017SimmonsBoost Price TargetOverweight$21.00 -> $22.00High3/17/2017Johnson RiceUpgradeAccumulate -> Buy$20.00 -> $21.00High1/20/2017Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)DowngradeBuy -> Neutral$17.00N/A12/7/2016Tudor PickeringInitiated CoverageBuyN/A11/29/2016Piper Jaffray CompaniesInitiated CoverageOverweight$13.25N/A(Data available from 7/29/2015 forward)


Earnings
Earnings History for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)Earnings History by Quarter for Smart Sand (NYSE SND)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallDetails5/11/2017Q1 2017$0.05$0.02$18.13 million$25.00 millionViewN/A3/16/201712/31/2016$0.40$0.40$29.75 million$29.45 millionViewN/A(Data available from 1/1/2011 forward)


Estimates
Earnings Estimates for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)2017 EPS Consensus Estimate: $0.40QuarterNumber of EstimatesLow EstimateHigh EstimateAverage EstimateQ1 20171$0.04$0.04$0.04Q2 20171$0.09$0.09$0.09Q3 20171$0.13$0.13$0.13Q4 20171$0.14$0.14$0.14(Data provided by Zacks Investment Research)


Dividends
Dividend History for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by MarketBeat.com


Insider Trades
Insider Trading and Institutional Ownership History for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)Insider Trades by Quarter for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionDetails2/7/2017Charles Edwin YoungCEOSell1,302,927$17.50$22,801,222.50  2/7/2017Jose Enrique FelicianoDirectorSell2,410,883$16.58$39,972,440.14  2/7/2017Lee E BeckelmanCFOSell7,882$17.50$137,935.00  2/7/2017Robert KiszkaVPSell100,069$17.50$1,751,207.50  2/7/2017Susan E NeumannInsiderSell2,402$17.50$42,035.00  11/29/2016Andrew R SpeakerInsiderSell35,258$11.00$387,838.00  11/29/2016Charles Edwin YoungCEOSell198,056$11.00$2,178,616.00  11/29/2016Jose Enrique FelicianoDirectorSell564,696$10.34$5,838,956.64  11/29/2016Lee E BeckelmanCFOSell1,524$11.00$16,764.00  11/29/2016Robert KiszkaVPSell16,124$11.00$177,364.00  (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward)


Headlines
Headline Trends for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)


Latest Headlines for Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)


Source:


All Sources
Trusted Sources
MarketBeat.com
Bloomberg
MarketWatch
Motley Fool
NASDAQ
Reuters
Seeking Alpha
The Street
The Wall Street Journal
Yahoo Finance




DateHeadlineSmart Sand Inc (SND) Receives Average Rating of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - July 24 at 10:38 PMReviewing Armstrong World Industries (AWI) and Smart Sand (NYSE:SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 22 at 8:04 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Downgraded by Credit Suisse Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 20 at 7:45 PMHere's Why Smart Sand Inc's Stock Is Sinking Todaywww.fool.com - July 20 at 1:29 PMFinancial Comparison: Smart Sand (NYSE:SND) and FORTERRA INC (FRTA)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 15 at 7:46 AMReviewing Smart Sand (NYSE:SND) and Vulcan Materials Company (VMC)www.americanbankingnews.com - July 11 at 10:18 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $29.70 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - July 9 at 9:38 AMWhy Frontier Communications, Smart Sand, and Eldorado Gold Slumped Todayfinance.yahoo.com - July 8 at 9:12 AMZacks: Brokerages Anticipate Smart Sand Inc (SND) to Post $0.09 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - July 7 at 11:58 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Given Average Rating of "Buy" by Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 27 at 8:12 PMJefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Smart Sand Inc (SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - June 26 at 5:50 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 17 at 7:14 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buywww.americanbankingnews.com - June 16 at 8:30 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Janney Montgomery Scottwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 15 at 7:56 AMETFs with exposure to Smart Sand, Inc. : June 13, 2017finance.yahoo.com - June 13 at 7:58 PMZacks: Analysts Anticipate Smart Sand Inc (SND) to Announce $0.08 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - June 13 at 12:34 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Receives Average Recommendation of "Buy" from Analystswww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 12:49 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - June 2 at 7:26 AMDeutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Smart Sand Inc (SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 30 at 2:29 PMEvercore ISI Initiates Coverage on Smart Sand Inc (SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 25 at 9:14 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 24 at 8:20 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $26.83 Millionwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 21 at 9:04 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Sees Large Decline in Short Interestwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 19 at 8:26 PM Analysts Expect Smart Sand Inc (SND) to Announce $0.10 Earnings Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - May 16 at 8:14 PMJefferies Group Comments on Smart Sand Inc's FY2020 Earnings (SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 15 at 10:12 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - May 14 at 2:22 PMSmart Sand's (SND) CEO Charles E. Young on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcriptseekingalpha.com - May 11 at 8:59 PMSmart Sand, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Resultsfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 8:58 PMInvestor Network: Smart Sand, Inc. to Host Earnings Callfinance.yahoo.com - May 11 at 8:58 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Announces Quarterly  Earnings Resultswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 11 at 1:52 PMETFs with exposure to Smart Sand, Inc. : May 8, 2017finance.yahoo.com - May 8 at 7:23 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Receives Average Recommendation of "Buy" from Brokerageswww.americanbankingnews.com - May 8 at 1:28 PMSmart Sand Inc's Lock-Up Period Set To End Tomorrow (NYSE:SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - May 2 at 8:58 AM$17.88 Million in Sales Expected for Smart Sand Inc (SND) This Quarterwww.americanbankingnews.com - April 28 at 9:12 PMSmart Sand, Inc. Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Investor Conference Callfinance.yahoo.com - April 27 at 3:24 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.04 Per Sharewww.americanbankingnews.com - April 26 at 8:33 AMETFs with exposure to Smart Sand, Inc. : April 24, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 24 at 6:20 PMMetals and Minerals Stocks Under Scanner -- Denison Mines, Smart Sand, Hudbay, and Ferroglobewww.prnewswire.com - April 17 at 8:59 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Receives "Overweight" Rating from Simmonswww.americanbankingnews.com - April 11 at 6:28 PMETFs with exposure to Smart Sand, Inc. : April 10, 2017finance.yahoo.com - April 10 at 7:26 PMSmart Sand, Inc. Announces Union Pacific Railroad Expansionfinance.yahoo.com - April 7 at 12:39 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Cut to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 28 at 8:11 AMSmart Sand's (SND) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLCwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 25 at 7:50 AMAnalysts Offer Predictions for Smart Sand Inc's Q1 2017 Earnings (SND)www.americanbankingnews.com - March 24 at 8:14 AMFY2020 EPS Estimates for Smart Sand Inc (SND) Reduced by Jefferies Groupwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 23 at 1:59 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to "Buy"www.americanbankingnews.com - March 23 at 8:53 AMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Lowered to "Hold" at Zacks Investment Researchwww.americanbankingnews.com - March 22 at 8:22 AMBRIEF-Smart Sand Inc Q4 earnings per share $0.40www.reuters.com - March 18 at 12:56 AMWhy Smart Sand Inc's Shares Popped 16% Todaywww.fool.com - March 17 at 3:52 PMSmart Sand Inc (SND) Lifted to “Buy” at Johnson Ricewww.americanbankingnews.com - March 17 at 2:45 PM


Social





Chart
Smart Sand (SND) Chart for Saturday, July, 29, 2017




This page was last updated on 7/29/2017 by MarketBeat.com Staff












































    Bob Kiszka | Vidyo Inc | ZoomInfo.com

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version
















People directory - Last Names - Kiszka















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
K

Kiszka




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Kiszka
Adelaid Kiszka
Adolphina Kiszka
Adriane Kiszka
Aimee Kiszka
Alan Kiszka
Amanda Kiszka
Amiee Kiszka
Amy Kiszka
Andrew Kiszka
Ann Kiszka
Annabell Kiszka
Annmarie Kiszka
Anthony Kiszka
D Kiszka
Daniel Kiszka
David Kiszka
Dawn Kiszka
Debbie Kiszka
Deborah Kiszka
Debra Kiszka
Denys Kiszka
Diane Kiszka
Donald Kiszka
Dorothy Kiszka
F Kiszka
Flora Kiszka
Florence Kiszka
Francis Kiszka
Frank Kiszka
Frederick Kiszka
Freeman Kiszka
Helen Kiszka
J Kiszka
James Kiszka
Jan Kiszka
Janet Kiszka
Jean Kiszka
Jenn Kiszka
Jennifer Kiszka
Jessica Kiszka
Jim Kiszka
Jo Kiszka
Joe Kiszka
John Kiszka
Jon Kiszka
Joseph Kiszka
Julia Kiszka
Julian Kiszka
K Kiszka
Karen Kiszka
Karene Kiszka
Kathie Kiszka
Kazimierz Kiszka
Keith Kiszka
Kelly Kiszka
Kevin Kiszka
L Kiszka
Laurie Kiszka
Lawrence Kiszka
Leslie Kiszka
Linda Kiszka
Lisa Kiszka
Louis Kiszka
Lucille Kiszka
M Kiszka
Maria Kiszka
Marie Kiszka
Mark Kiszka
Martin Kiszka
Mary Kiszka
Maryellen Kiszka
Marysue Kiszka
Matthew Kiszka
Maureen Kiszka
Melissa Kiszka
Michael Kiszka
Michelle Kiszka
Monica Kiszka
Monika Kiszka
Nick Kiszka
Paul Kiszka
R Kiszka
Rebecca Kiszka
Regina Kiszka
Richard Kiszka
Rick Kiszka
Robert Kiszka
Rosa Kiszka
Rosemarie Kiszka
Rosemarre Kiszka
Ruth Kiszka
Ryszard Kiszka
Taberusz Kiszka
Tadeusz Kiszka
Taduesz Kiszka
Ted Kiszka
Terry Kiszka
Thaddeus Kiszka
Theresa Kiszka
Thomas Kiszka
Weronika Kiszka








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Robert  Kiszka - Islamorada, FL | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Robert  Kiszka in Islamorada, FL


Robert  Kiszka

                                                                        Intelius found that Robert  Kiszka  from Islamorada, FL.  We have connected them to
                1 address,
                1 phone,
                and 0 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Robert Has Lived In

Islamorada, FL







Robert  Kiszka



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Robert? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Robert, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Robert  Kiszka
Get a Criminal Check on Robert  Kiszka
Get a Public Record Report on Robert  Kiszka
Get a People Search Report on Robert  Kiszka


Robert  Kiszka's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Robert  Kiszka has lived as well as Robert  Kiszka's phone numbers and email addresses.




Robert  Kiszka Has Lived in 1 States
Florida Address for Robert  Kiszka


 P* B** 8* 

Islamorada, FL


Has Lived In

Islamorada, FL


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Robert  Kiszka

(305) ***-**** - Islamorada, FL 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Robert  Kiszka

r*****a@***.com


Get Email Report




Robert  Kiszka's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Robert  Kiszka


Robert  Kiszka's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Robert  Kiszka's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Robert Kiszka
Username Matches

                  RobertKiszka
                  KiszkaRobert
                  Robert.Kiszka
                  Kiszka.Robert
                  Robert_Kiszka
                  Kiszka_Robert
                  Robert-Kiszka
                  Kiszka-Robert
                  RKiszka
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
R Kiszka







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.


















Our Team — Coté Orphan, a QuintilesIMS company























 var _gaq = _gaq || []; _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-35998426-1']); _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']); (function() { var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true; ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js'; var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s); })(); 
























Our Leadership Team 







Timothy R. Coté, MD, MPHPrincipal & Chief executive officerDr. Timothy R. Coté is a leading national regulatory expert in orphan drug development. With 23 years of Federal service at the FDA, NIH, and CDC, Dr. Coté recently served as the Director of the FDA Office of Orphan Products Development (OOPD) from Sept 2007 – May 2011. In this role he implemented the Orphan Drug Act and personally signed decisions on 1400+ orphan drug designation applications. An anatomic pathologist and medical epidemiologist, he has published 80 peer-reviewed articles on areas as diverse as HIV/AIDS-related malignancies, typhoid fever epidemics, and the impact of bicycle helmet laws on injury statistics.  Dr. Coté is founder and CEO at Cote Orphan; he directs and trains staff to create compelling regulatory submissions that are finely tuned to each client's business strategy and to the unwritten rules within the FDA.Dr. Coté received a bachelor's degree from Syracuse University, a medical doctorate from the Howard University College of Medicine and a master's degree in Public Health from Harvard School of Public Health.


      
        Contact Tim
      
    


Contact Tim




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!




 







Erin Lawless Miller, JDChief Operating OfficerErin Lawless Miller has experience in law, finance, and operations management. In her current role as a member of the Senior Leadership Team, Lawless Miller functions as the Chief Operating Officer and is responsible for the operations of Human Resources, Finance, Marketing, and Strategic Planning. She was a member of the government and regulatory practices at Venable, LLP and the boutique FDA law firm of Buc & Beardsley, LLP, both in Washington, DC. As a contributing editor at the New York State Science and Technology Law Center, Lawless Miller wrote numerous articles on regulatory issues affecting patent, intellectual property, and technology transfer law for journal publication.Lawless Miller has a law degree from Syracuse University College of Law and graduated Magna Cum Laude from Syracuse University’s prestigious S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. She holds certificates in contract negotiation and finance from Harvard Law School’s Program on Negotiations and the National Labor College. She earned a Black Belt in Lean Six Sigma. Lawless Miller is a 2009 recipient of the Hermes Award for outstanding contribution in the area of communications law and policy.







JOSEPH KISZKA, MBA VICE PRESIDENT OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTJoseph Kiszka has experience in business development and strategy in both the medical device and biotech markets. In previous roles, Kiszka has worked closely with medical device executives and physicians on market development, product development, as well as medical education and training. In his current role at Coté Orphan combined with his previous achievements in earlier roles at Coté Orphan, Kiszka develops and drives overall business development strategy and long-term sales initiatives for a team of Business Development Managers and Associates covering national and international markets.  He earned his Master’s in Business Administration from Mount St. Mary's University, his Undergraduate Bachelor’s Degree in Science from George Washington University, and Six Sigma Lean and Green Belt from Villanova. Additionally, Joseph has recently started work to achieve a Ph.D. Prior to joining Coté Orphan Kiszka served 11 years in the U.S. Navy.







Robert Anderson, PhDDirector of Regulatory Affairs ScienceRobert Anderson has experience in translational science, regulatory affairs and program management. At Coté Orphan he is Director of Regulatory Affairs Science and his major responsibilities include coaching and mentoring clients and internal teams of regulatory scientists on submission strategy, product development planning and Chemistry, Manufacturing and Control (CMC) challenges. He has a extensive expertise in vaccines, and biotherapeutics, including cellular and gene transfer products. Prior to joining Coté Orphan, Anderson served as Senior Principal Regulatory Affairs Scientist at Leidos, Inc. Previously, Anderson was a Product  Reviewer (CMC) and Regulatory Project Manager at CBER/FDA. His portfolio of projects included novel viral vectors, cell therapies, cytokines and monoclonal antibodies and immunoglobulin like molecules. Anderson earned a B.Sc. in Biology/Microbiology from University of the Sciences in Philadelphia (USP; nee PCPS), a Ph.D. in Microbiology from the Pennsylvania State University College of Medicine, and completed doctoral and post-doctoral research in viral immunology and antigen processing.  Anderson also completed post-doctoral work at Yale University School of Medicine.


      
        Contact Erin
      
    


Contact Erin




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!







      
        CONTACT JOSEPH
      
    


New Form




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!







      
        CONTACT BOB
      
    


New Form




Name *
Name


                  First Name



                  Last Name



Email Address *



Subject *



Message *






Thank you!




Our Staff

Regulatory Affairs Team


Business Development Team 


Administrative Team





COTÉ ORPHAN, LLC8630 Fenton Street, Suite 724Silver Spring, MD 20910(202) 779-9599Cambridge Innovation Center (CIC)Cambridge, MA 02141 UK: 44 (203) 514-3684Fax: (202) 318-5386info@coteorphan.com  A QuintilesIMS Company









Contact Us













Robert Kiszka, Smart Sand Partners LP: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Robert Kiszka

Exec VP:Operations,
Smart Sand Partners LP






Career History




Exec VP:Operations
Smart Sand Partners LP, 8/2014-PRESENT


Exec VP:Operations
Smart Sand Inc, 5/2014-PRESENT


VP:Operations
Smart Sand Inc, 9/2011-5/2014







Corporate Information
Address:

24 Waterway Avenue
Suite 350
The Woodlands, TX 77380
United States


Phone:
1-281-231-2660


Fax:
-











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft















Employment Agreement Between Smart Sand, Inc. And Robert Kiszka - Smart Sand Partners Lp  - Pennsylvania
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Employment Agreement     > EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN SMART SAND, INC. AND ROBERT KISZKA

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Employment Agreement Between Smart Sand, Inc. And Robert Kiszka
Employment Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Employment Agreement involves SMART SAND PARTNERS LP | Smart Sand LLC | SMART SAND, INC. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT BETWEEN SMART SAND, INC. AND ROBERT KISZKA Governing Law: Pennsylvania      Date: 11/13/2014 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 10.6A

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
BETWEEN

SMART SAND, INC. AND ROBERT
KISZKA

This Employment Agreement (this
“ Agreement ”) is entered into this 13th
day of September, 2011, to be effective as of September 13,
2011, (the “ Effective Date ”) by and
between SMART SAND, INC ., a Delaware corporation (hereafter
the “ Company ” or “
Employer ”), and ROBERT KISZKA, with a mailing
address of 7 Old Cabin Road, Newtown, Pennsylvania 18940 (hereafter
“ Executive ”). This Agreement shall
supersede all prior agreements between Executive and the Company or
its subsidiaries or predecessor entities (including, but not
limited to Smart Sand, LLC) regarding the matters addressed herein
including, but not limited to, that specific Employment Agreement
between Executive and Smart Sand LLC dated July 13, 2011
(collectively the “ Prior Agreements
”).

RECITALS:

WHEREAS , Executive has terminated any and all Prior
Agreements and concurrently herewith certain investors are
investing in Company and are requiring Executive to enter into this
Agreement as a material condition to the closing of the financing,
which shall occur on or about the Effective Date hereof.

WHEREAS , the Company is (i) engaged in the
production, sale and distribution of sand for use in the hydraulic
fracturing process, (ii) engaged in the acquisition of land
for the purpose of mining such sand and the development and
building of facilities for the processing of such sand, and
(iii) pursuing similar ventures (the “
Business ”);

WHEREAS , the Company desires to engage Executive to
provide certain services related to the development and operation
of the Business; and

WHEREAS , Executive desires to render such services
pursuant to the terms of this Employment Agreement (this “
Agreement ”).

NOW, THEREFORE
, in consideration of the mutual
promises and covenants contained herein and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Employment
.

(a) Effective upon the date hereof
(the “Effective Date ”), the Company
hereby engages Executive as Vice President of Operations of the
Company. During the term of this Agreement, Executive shall report
to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Executive shall
also, as may be requested, serve as an officer or on the Board of
Directors of the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries
established and existing from time to time, including without
limitation, Fairview Cranberry, LLC (collectively, the “
Subsidiaries ”).



(b) Executive hereby accepts such
appointments subject to the provisions and conditions of this
Agreement.

2. Term of Agreement .
This Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall
commence upon the Effective Date. This term of employment shall be
for an initial three (3) year period expiring on the two
(2) year anniversary of the Effective Date, if not sooner
terminated pursuant to Section 6 below (the “
Initial Period ”). This term of employment
shall thereafter automatically renew for successive additional one
(I) year periods (the “ Renewal Periods
”), if not sooner terminated pursuant to Section 6
below, unless at least thirty (30) days prior to the
expiration of the Initial Period or a Renewal Period, either party
shall have given notice to the other party in accordance with this
Agreement that such notifying party does not wish to extend the
Agreement term. During any Renewal Period, the terms and conditions
of this Agreement and any amendment(s) hereto that may then be in
effect shall continue to apply. For avoidance of doubt, references
in this Agreement to the “ Term ” shall
mean only the Initial Period and all of the Renewal
Periods.

3. Executive’s
Duties .

(a) Executive agrees to devote
Executive’s full business time and attention to the affairs
of the Company to fulfill his obligations hereunder. In the
positions described in Section 1(a), Executive shall together
with the President of the Company be responsible for the day-to-day
management of the business and operations of the Employer and shall
perform such additional duties as may be assigned by the
Company’s Board of Directors which are appropriate and
consistent with such positions (the “Duties”).
Executive’s principal work location will be in the
Pennsylvania area unless otherwise agreed by Executive and the
Company. Executive will be required to travel as specified from
time to time by the Company’s Board of Directors. Subject to
compliance with Executive’s obligations set forth in this
Agreement, nothing contained herein shall prohibit Executive from
serving as a member of any board of directors or other governing
body of any person or providing consulting services to any
person.

(b) If requested by the Company, the
Executive will cooperate with the Company in efforts by the Company
to obtain key man life insurance with respect to Executive and will
submit to all reasonable and customary examinations by the provider
of such life insurance. The Company shall be the sole beneficiary
with respect to any key man life insurance so obtained.

4. Company’s
Duties .

(a) The Company shall:

(i) Compensate Executive as set
forth in Section 5 below.

(ii) Furnish the Executive with a
suitable office, and such equipment, supplies, instruments, and
clerical and staff support as are reasonable and necessary to
fulfill his Duties as set forth in this Agreement.
 
2



(iii) Furnish Executive with such
data, materials, documents and other information as are reasonable
and necessary to fulfill his responsibilities and Duties as set
forth in this Agreement.

(iv) Reimburse Executive for all
reasonable out of pocket business expenses he incurs to fulfill the
terms of this Agreement, approved by the Company in accordance with
its policies, rules, standards, and/or procedures governing such
expenses, including without limitation, those for travel, lodging,
food, telephone, facsimile and other electronic voice or data
transmissions. Executive shall submit periodic reports of such
expenses on forms with supporting documentation as the Company
shall prescribe for its executives. Any reimbursement under this
Section 4(a)(iv) shall comply with the requirements of
Section 22 hereof.

(b) During the Term of this
Agreement, the Company shall provide, at its expense, Directors and
Officers liability insurance coverage relating to Executive’s
acts and/or omissions as an officer and/or employee of the Company
and any of its affiliates including, but not limited to, the
Subsidiaries noted in Section 1(a) above. The limits of
coverage and terms of the Directors and Officers liability
insurance are to be mutually agreeable to Executive and the
Company.

5. Compensation
.

(a) The Company shall pay Executive
a base annual salary of $300,000, less all appropriate state and
federal employment taxes and withholdings (“ Base
Salary ”) in installments in accordance with the
Company’s standard payroll practices for salaried employees
(but no less frequently than twice a month) during the Term of this
Agreement.

(b) Executive shall be eligible to
receive an annual bonus (the “ Bonus ”),
commencing with the year that includes the Effective Date, based
upon service and/or performance in a given calendar year, in an
amount which shall be determined in the discretion of
Company’s Board of Directors. Such Bonus shall be paid to
Executive within two and one- half months after the close of the
applicable calendar year to which the Bonus relates.

(c) Executive shall be eligible to
participate in coverage under the Company’s insurance and
disability plans or programs, pension plans and other executive
benefit plan or programs, if any, at least equal to the coverage
generally provided to other full-time executives of the Company at
the same level as Executive.

(d) Executive shall be entitled to
such number of days of vacation per year in addition to personal
days and sick leave in accordance with the policies of the Company
from time to time in effect for other full-time executives of the
Company at the same level as Executive.
 
3



6. Termination
.

(a) For Cause . The Company
shall have the right, at any time effective upon notice to
Executive, to terminate the Executive’s employment hereunder
for “ Cause ” (as hereinafter defined).
For purposes of this Agreement, “ Cause ”
shall mean (i) a documented repeated and willful failure by
the Executive to perform his duties, (ii) Executive’s
conviction or entry of a plea of nolo contendere for
fraud, misappropriation or embezzlement, or any felony or crime of
moral turpitude (iii) willful material violation of a policy
which is directly and materially injurious to the Company or any
subsidiary of the Company, and (iv) Executive’s material
breach of this Agreement. With respect to subsections 6(a) (i),
(iii) and (iv) above, Cause shall exist only after
written notice of such failure, violation or breach is delivered to
Executive and Executive shall have failed to cure such violation or
breach within 30 days after such notice, if curable. For purposes
of this definition, no act or failure to act on the part of the
Executive shall be considered “willful” unless done or
omitted not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the
action or omission was in the best interest of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries or Affiliate.

(b) Good Reason . Executive
shall have the right, at any time upon notice to the Company, to
terminate this Agreement and Executive’s employment hereunder
for “ Good Reason ” (as hereinafter
defined) in the event the Executive provides notice to the Company
of the Good Reason condition within ninety (90) days after the
initial existence thereof and the Company fails to cure such
condition within thirty (30) days of the receipt of notice.
For purposes of this Agreement, “ Good Reason
” means (in the absence of written consent thereto by the
Executive) (i) material diminution by the Company of
Executive’s authority, duties and responsibilities, which
change would cause Executive’s position to become one of less
responsibility, importance and scope, (ii) material reduction
by the Company of the Base Salary, unless such reduction is a
result of a reduction of salaries to all employees of the Company
and the reduction of Executive’s salary is not greater, on a
percentage basis, than the average of the salary reductions (which
shall be measured on a percentage basis) imposed on the other
employees of the Company.

(c) Death and Disability .
The Executive’s employment will terminate upon his death. The
Executive’s employment may be terminated by the Company upon
forty-five (45) days written notice from the Company following
the determination, as set forth immediately below, that the
Executive suffers from a Permanent Disability. For purposes of this
Agreement, “ Permanent Disability ” means
either (i) the inability of Executive to engage in substantial
gainful activity by reason of a medically determinable physical or
mental impairment that can be reasonably expected to result in
death or can be reasonably expected to last for a continuous period
of not less than four (4) months or (ii) Executive is, by
reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment
that can be reasonably expected to result in death or can be
reasonably expected to last for a continuous period of not less
than four (4) months, receiving income replacement benefits
for a period of not less than three (3) months under an
accident and health plan covering employees of the Company. Such
Permanent Disability shall be certified by a
 
4



physician chosen by the Company and
reasonably acceptable to the Executive (if he is then able to
exercise sound judgment) or Executive’s designee. During
‘any period that the Executive fails to perform his Duties
hereunder as a result of a Permanent Disability (“
Disability Period ”), but prior to termination
of employment, the Executive will continue to receive his Base
Salary at the rate then in effect for such period until his
employment is terminated pursuant to this Section 6(c);
provided, however, that payments of Base Salary so made to the
Executive will be reduced by the sum of the amounts, if any, that
are or were payable to the Executive under any disability benefit
plan or plans of the Company and that were not previously applied,
and such payments will be made in accordance with the
Company’s standard payroll practices for salaried employees
(but no less frequently than twice a month).

7. Effects of
Termination .

(a) In the event that
Executive’s employment is terminated pursuant to
Section 6(a) hereof or by the Executive without Good Reason,
(i) Executive’s employment hereunder shall immediately
cease, (ii) the Company shall pay to the Executive within
thirty (30) days after the date of termination, with the exact
date of payment being determined by the Company in its sole and
absolute discretion, which date shall be no later than the date
required under applicable law, the “ Standard
Entitlements .” For purposes of this Agreement,
“ Standard Entitlements .” means the
Executive’s (i) accrued and unpaid (as of the
termination date) Base Salary, (ii) accrued and unpaid (as of
the termination date) Bonus for the calendar year prior to the
calendar year in which the termination date occurs,
(iii) accrued but unused (as of the termination date) vacation
pay and (iv) approved and unreimbursed (as of the termination
date) business expenses. Notwithstanding any provision of this
Agreement to the contrary, Standard Entitlements shall include
employee benefits that by their terms continue after the
termination of employment; provided, however, that, employee
benefits, if any, provided after the termination date shall be so
provided in accordance with the schedule applicable thereto. For
purposes of this Agreement, the schedules described in this
Section 7(a) shall be referred to as the “
Standard Entitlements Payment Schedule .” Once
the Standard Entitlements have been paid to the Executive, the
Company shall have no further obligation to Executive.

(b) If Executive shall die during
the Term, then: (i) the Company shall pay to Executive’
estate the Base Salary specified in Section 5(a) in separate,
substantially equal monthly installments until the earlier to occur
of (A) the date which is six (6) months from the date of
death, or (B) the date upon which the monthly installment is
payable to Executive in February of the year immediately following
the calendar year during which Executive’s date of death
occurs; (ii) Executive’s Estate shall be paid, in a
single lump sum on March 1 of the year following the calendar
year during which Executive’s date of death occurs, an amount
equal to the Base Salary that would have been paid to Executive
during the six (6) month period from the date of death had
Executive’s death not occurred, less the total payments to
Executive pursuant to Section 7(b)(i) above; and
(iii) Executive’s Estate or designated beneficiary shall
receive the Standard Entitlements, payable in accordance with the
Standard Entitlements Payment Schedule (applied by
 
5



substituting date of death for
termination date). Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
the payments to Executive set forth in Sections 7(b)(i) and
7(b)(ii) shall be made in accordance with the short-term deferral
exception to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the “Code”) under Treasury
Regulations section 1.409A-1(b)(4).

(c) If at any time during the term
of this Agreement, Executive’s employment hereunder is
terminated by the Executive for Good Reason, or by the Company (or
any successor company following a Change in Control, as defined
below) without Cause, then: (i) the Company shall pay to
Executive the Standard Entitlements, payable in accordance with the
Standard Entitlements Payment Schedule and a “
Severance Payment ” equal to the Base Salary
specified in Section 5(a) due for a period equal to the
greater of (x) twelve months or (y) the number of months
remaining in the Initial Period or Renewal Period, as applicable,
in separate, substantially equal monthly installments until the
earlier to occur of (A) the date which is twelve
(12) months from the termination date, or (B) the date
upon which the monthly installment is payable to Executive in
February of the year immediately following the calendar year during
which Executive’s employment terminated; and
(ii) Executive shall be paid, in a single lump sum on
March 1 of the year following the calendar year during which
Executive’s employment was terminated, an amount equal to the
Base Salary that would have been paid to Executive during the
twelve (12) month period from the termination date had a
termination of Executive’s employment hereunder not occurred,
less the total payments to Executive pursuant to
Section 7(c)(i) above; and (iii) Executive shall receive
the Severance Payment, if and only if Executive and the Company
execute a mutual release of any and all claims arising out of or
any way related to Executive’s employment or termination of
employment with the Company in form and substance acceptable to the
Company and such release has become effective in accordance with
its terms prior to the 60th day following the termination date
(“ Release ”). All other Company
obligations to Executive will be automatically terminated and
completely extinguished. Anything herein to the contrary
notwithstanding, the payments to Executive set forth in Sections
7(c)(i) and 7(c)(ii) shall be made in accordance with the
short-term deferral exception under Treasury Regulations section
1.409A-1(b)(4). Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding,
non-renewal of the Executive’s employment hereunder after the
expiration of the Initial Term or any Renewal Period and the
election pursuant to Section 2 to terminate the Agreement at
the expiration of a Term shall not be considered a termination of
this Agreement by Company without Cause or by Executive for Good
Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, a “ Change of
Control ” of the Company shall be deemed to have
occurred at any such time as there is a direct or indirect change
of more than 50% from that thereof on the Effective Date in the
(a) equity ownership (on a fully-diluted basis), or
(b) voting contro


 








 


















Sample Employment Agreement, Employment Agreement Template, Employment Agreement Sample, Employment Contract Sample, Employment Contract Template - Free Employment Agreement Forms (page 1 Of 858)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Employment Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>





An employment agreement is a document which delineates the terms of the relationship between an employer and employee. If you are hiring a new employee, this document can help form a solid foundation for your business relationship. The document will specify expectations for both parties and may include items such as terms of conduct, employee benefits, vacation time, medical leave, hours, and other issues that may be up for consideration, depending on the business' needs.

An employment agreement might also incorporate arbitration conditions, confidentiality terms and non-compete clauses, provided that separate documents do not address these issues. Some employers may include a progressive disciplinary policy section in the agreement, wherein conditions and repercussions for employee misconduct are explained.

Once signed, an employment agreement is a legally binding contract that can be enforced in a court of law. Often an employer or company makes their offer of employment contingent on an employee signing the agreement.        



Employment Agreement, Employment Agreement Template, Employment Agreement Sample, Employment Contract Sample, Employment Contract Template 






These example
  Employment Agreements and Sample Employment Contract are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their
  clients. Use them as Employment Agreement samples, Employment Agreement templates, work contracts, competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about
  transactions within a particular industry or sector.We have millions of online legal documents, contracts and clauses that you can search for free.   See Also:Confidentiality AgreementsEmployee Bonus Plan Agreements




1) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: SOLIS TEK, INC./NV | Solis Tek Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
2) AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: HOMESTREET, INC. | HomeStreet, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/16/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Washington
3) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC | Adaptimmune Limited | Adaptimmune, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Pennsylvania
4) RETENTION AGREEMENTParties: COLONY BANKCORP INC | Colony Bank 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Georgia
5) FIRST AMENDMENT OF EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: FIRST BANCORP /NC/ | First Bancorp 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017

6) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: NUSTATE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC. | NUSTATE ENERGY HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
7) Employment AgreementParties: FIRST FOODS GROUP, INC. | First Food Group, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 3/7/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
8) Form of Equity Award AgreementParties: SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP | SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017

9) GENERAL RELEASE AND COVENANT NOT TO SUEParties: FINISH LINE INC /IN/ | Finish Line, Inc | Running Specialty Group 
								
								Document Date: 3/3/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Indiana
10) Employment AgreementParties: COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP | COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
11) RETENTION BONUS POOL RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT UNDER THE BOSTON PRIVATE FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC. 2010 INDUCEMENT STOCK PLANParties: BOSTON PRIVATE FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC | Boston Private Financial Holdings, Inc | NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
12) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: CEMPRA, INC. | Cempra, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:North Carolina
13) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: DEL FRISCO'S RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. | Del Frisco's Restaurant Group, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
14) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: NATIONAL STORAGE AFFILIATES TRUST 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Maryland
15) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC. | DELEK US HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Tennessee
16) AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: WESTINGHOUSE AIR BRAKE TECHNOLOGIES CORP | Faiveley Transport SA | Wabtec Corporation, FW Acquisition LLC | Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
17) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT dated May 3, 2012Parties: AXIS CAPITAL HOLDINGS LTD | AXIS Capital Holdings Limited | AXIS Specialty Limited | AXIS Specialty US Services, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

18) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: STERLING BANCORP | Sterling National Bank 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
19) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: CELSIUS HOLDINGS, INC. | Celsius Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Florida
20) AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: LIFE STORAGE LP | Life Storage, Inc | Sovran Acquisition Limited Partnership | Sovran Self Storage, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

21) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: WASTE CONNECTIONS, INC. | Waste Connections, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
22) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CORP | ZEBRA TECHNOLOGIES CORPORATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Illinois
23) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: ONCOCYTE CORP | OncoCyte Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
24) CALLAWAY GOLF COMPANY OFFICER EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: CALLAWAY GOLF CO | CALLAWAY GOLF COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
25) ADDENDUM TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: CELSIUS HOLDINGS, INC. | Celsius Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

26) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: SOHU COM INC | Changyoucom Limited | Goulston  Storrs, PC 
								Law Firm: Goulston Storrs
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
27) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: CTI BIOPHARMA CORP 
								Law Firm: O'Melveny Myers
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Washington
28) ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC. EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC. | ALLSCRIPTS HEALTHCARE SOLUTIONS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Illinois
29) SEVERANCE AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASEParties: SOUTHCROSS ENERGY PARTNERS, L.P. | Southcross Energy Partners GP, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
30) EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: FIESTA RESTAURANT GROUP, INC. | Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc 
								Law Firm: Hughes Hubbard
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
31) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: AIT THERAPEUTICS, INC. | Advanced Inhalation Therapies (AIT) Inc | Advanced Inhalation Therapies (AIT) Ltd 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) AMENDMENT #1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: DIODES INC /DEL/ | Diodes Incorporated 
								
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
33) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: PHARMERICA CORP | PharMerica Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Kentucky
34) YRC WORLDWIDE INC. RESTRICTED STOCK AGREEMENTParties: YRC WORLDWIDE INC. | YRC WORLDWIDE INC 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

35) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: FEDERATED INVESTORS INC /PA/ | FEDERATED SECURITIES CORP 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Pennsylvania
36) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: KAR AUCTION SERVICES, INC. | KAR Auction Services, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Indiana
37) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: LUMINEX CORP | Luminex Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
38) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: LUMINEX CORP | Luminex Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Texas
39) SIXTH AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: SP PLUS CORP | APCOA's and APCOA/Standard Parking Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

40) AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: KAR AUCTION SERVICES, INC. | KAR Auction Services, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017

41) Retention AgreementParties: ENDURANCE INTERNATIONAL GROUP HOLDINGS, INC. | Constant Contact, Inc | Endurance International Group Holdings, Inc | Holdings, Paintbrush Acquisition Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
42) AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: REDWOOD TRUST INC | Redwood Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
43) CHANGE IN CONTROL EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: HANCOCK HOLDING CO | HANCOCK HOLDING COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Mississippi
44) AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: REDWOOD TRUST INC | Redwood Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
45) AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: REDWOOD TRUST INC | Redwood Trust, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:California
46) AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: INSMED INC | Insmed Incorporated 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

47) AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: XTANT MEDICAL HOLDINGS, INC. | Xtant Medical Holdings, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

48) AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTParties: INSMED INC | Insmed Incorporated 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

49) EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (Farmer Bros. Co. / Siers)Parties: FARMER BROTHERS CO | FARMER BROS CO 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

50) Supplement to Employment Agreement October 3, 2016Parties: AUTOLIV INC | Autoliv, Inc 
								
								Document Date: 2/23/2017

 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778798081828384858687888990919293949596979899100101102103104105106107108109110111112113114115116117118119120121122123124125126127128129130131132133134135136137138139140141142143144145146147148149150151152153154155156157158159160161162163164165166167168169170171172173174175176177178179180181182183184185186187188189190191192193194195196197198199200201202203204205206207208209210211212213214215216217218219220221222223224225226227228229230231232233234235236237238239240241242243244245246247248249250251252253254255256257258259260261262263264265266267268269270271272273274275276277278279280281282283284285286287288289290291292293294295296297298299300301302303304305306307308309310311312313314315316317318319320321322323324325326327328329330331332333334335336337338339340341342343344345346347348349350351352353354355356357358359360361362363364365366367368369370371372373374375376377378379380381382383384385386387388389390391392393394395396397398399400401402403404405406407408409410411412413414415416417418419420421422423424425426427428429430431432433434435436437438439440441442443444445446447448449450451452453454455456457458459460461462463464465466467468469470471472473474475476477478479480481482483484485486487488489490491492493494495496497498499500501502503504505506507508509510511512513514515516517518519520521522523524525526527528529530531532533534535536537538539540541542543544545546547548549550551552553554555556557558559560561562563564565566567568569570571572573574575576577578579580581582583584585586587588589590591592593594595596597598599600601602603604605606607608609610611612613614615616617618619620621622623624625626627628629630631632633634635636637638639640641642643644645646647648649650651652653654655656657658659660661662663664665666667668669670671672673674675676677678679680681682683684685686687688689690691692693694695696697698699700701702703704705706707708709710711712713714715716717718719720721722723724725726727728729730731732733734735736737738739740741742743744745746747748749750751752753754755756757758759760761762763764765766767768769770771772773774775776777778779780781782783784785786787788789790791792793794795796797798799800801802803804805806807808809810811812813814815816817818819820821822823824825826827828829830831832833834835836837838839840841842843844845846847848849850851852853854855856857858 
 
 

 












