





Kite Realty
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					




 

We deliver high quality retail destinations




Investor Relations
06-01-2017


Kite Realty Group Trust to Audio Webcast Presentation at NAREIT’s Investor Forum






Investor Relations
05-11-2017


Kite Realty Group Trust Announces Quarterly Common Dividend






Investor Relations
04-26-2017


Kite Realty Group Trust Reports First Quarter Operating Results






Investor Relations
04-04-2017


Kite Realty Group Trust Announces New Lease with Hobby Lobby and Stein Mart at Parkside Town Commons





Financial Resources



				Investor Presentation
			


				Q4 2016 Financial Supplement
			


				Q1 2017 Financial Supplement
			


				Q4 2016 Earnings Press Release
			


				Q1 2017 Earnings Press Release
			


				Q4 2016 Earnings Call (Audio)
			


				Q1 2017 Earnings Call (Audio)
			



From our Chairman & CEO, John Kite

We started off 2017 with continued strength in our leasing and property operation objectives and are making progress toward our strategic goals,” said John Kite, Chief Executive Officer. “We executed 80 new and renewal leases for 509,000 square feet to dynamic retailers and opened 41 new tenants. We grew same-property NOI by 3.1%, or 4.0% excluding the impact of the 3-R initiative. Our team continues to be focused on adding value to properties through redevelopment and capital recycling.
















Kite Realty | Operating Portfolio



















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					




Find a property




Alabama
Arizona
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
North Carolina
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Wisconsin



Search by name


Select a property by name
12th Street Plaza
Bayonne Crossing
Bayport Commons
Beacon Hill
Beechwood Promenade
Bell Oaks Centre
Belle Isle Station
Bolton Plaza
Boulevard Crossing
Bridgewater Marketplace
Broadstone Station
Burlington Coat Factory
Burnt Store Promenade
Cannery Corner
Castleton Crossing
Centennial Center
Centennial Gateway
Centre Point Commons
Chapel Hill Shopping Center
City Center
Cobblestone Plaza
Colleyville Downs
Colonial Square
Cool Creek Commons
Cool Springs Market
Courthouse Shadows
Delray Marketplace
Draper Crossing
Draper Peaks
Eastern Beltway 
Eastgate Pavilion
Eastgate Plaza
Eddy Street Commons at Notre Dame
Estero Town Commons
Fishers Station
Fox Lake Crossing
Gainesville Plaza
Geist Pavilion
Glendale Town Center
Greyhound Commons
Hamilton Crossing Centre
Hamilton Crossing TN
Hitchcock Plaza
Holly Springs Towne Center
Hunter's Creek Promenade
Indian River Square
International Speedway Square
Killingly Commons
Kings Lake Square
Kingwood Commons
Lake City Commons
Lake Mary Plaza
Lakewood Promenade
Landstown Commons
Lima Marketplace
Lithia Crossing
Livingston Shopping Center
Lowe's Plaza
Market Street Village / Pipeline Pointe
Memorial Commons
Merrimack Village Center
Miramar Square
Mullins Crossing
Naperville Marketplace
Northcrest Shopping Center
Northdale Promenade
Oleander Place
Palm Coast Landing at Town Center
Pan Am Plaza
Parkside Town Commons
Perimeter Woods
Pine Ridge Crossing
Plaza at Cedar Hill
Plaza Volente
Pleasant Hill Commons
Portofino Shopping Center
Publix at Acworth
Publix at Woodruff
Rampart Commons
Rangeline Crossing
Riverchase Plaza
Rivers Edge
Saxon Crossing
Shoppes at Plaza Green
Shoppes of Eastwood
Shops at Eagle Creek
Shops at Julington Creek
Shops at Moore
Silver Springs Pointe
South Elgin Commons
Stoney Creek Commons
Sunland Towne Centre
Tamiami Crossing
Tarpon Bay Plaza
Temple Terrace
The Centre at Panola
The Corner
The Corner AZ
The Landing at Tradition
Toringdon Market
Traders Point I & II
Tradition Village Center
Trussville Promenade I
Trussville Promenade II
University Town Center
Village at Bay Park
Waterford Lakes Village
Waxahachie Crossing
Westside Market




Search for available space

Search by region


Search by region
Florida
Mid-Central
Midwest
Northeast
Southeast
West




Search by state


Search by state
Alabama
Arizona
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
North Carolina
New Hampshire
New Jersey
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Wisconsin




Search by MSA


Search by MSA
Atlanta, GA
Atlanta/Sandy Springs/Marietta, GA
Augusta/Richmond County, GA/SC
Austin, TX
Birmingham, AL
Bradenton, FL
Charlotte/Concord/Gastonia, NC/SC
Charlotte/Gastonia/Rock Hill, NC
Chicago/Joliet/Naperville, IL
Chicago/Naperville/Elgin, IL/IN/WI
Cincinnati, OH
Dallas, TX
Dallas/Fort Worth/Arlington, TX
Daytona Beach, FL
Deltona/Daytona Beach/Ormond Beach, FL
El Paso, TX
Evansville, IN/KY
Fort Myers, FL
Fort Wayne, IN
Gainesville, FL
Goldsboro, NC
Green Bay, WI
Greenville/Mauldin/Easley, SC
Houston, TX
Indianapolis, IN
Indianapolis/Carmel, IN
Jacksonville, FL
Knoxville, TN
Kokomo, IN
Lake City, FL
Las Vegas, NV
Las Vegas/Henderson/Paradise, NV
Manchester/Nashua, NH
Miami/Ft. Lauderdale/Pompano Beach, FL
Miami/Ft. Lauderdale/West Palm Beach, FL
Naples, FL
Nashville, TN
New York/Newark/Jersey City, NY/NJ/PA
Oklahoma City, OK
Orlando/Kissimmee/Sanford, FL
Port St. Lucie, FL
Punta Gorda, FL
Raleigh-Cary, NC
Salt Lake City, UT
San Antonio, TX
Sebastian/Vero Beach, FL
South Bend, IN
South Bend/Mishawaka, IN
Tampa/St. Petersburg/Clearwater, FL
Tucson, AZ
Virginia Beach/Norfolk/Newport News, VA/NC
Wilmington, NC
Worcester, MA/CT





Minimum square feet



Maximum square feet



Search


Search by leasing rep

Search by leasing rep


Select leasing rep
Andrew Hasbrook
Blake Beaver
Brian Hector
Holiday Gates
Joshlyn Steele
Karly Kilroy
Luke Isenbarger
Nolan Collier
Ryan Joyce





















Corporate Profile - Kite Realty





































  Kite Realty Group
    




 KRG - Listed NYSE
      









Corporate Profile









































Corporate Profile










Kite Realty Group Trust is a full-service, vertically integrated real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, operation, management, leasing, acquisition, construction, redevelopment and development of neighborhood and community shopping centers in selected markets in the United States.

Our strategy is to maximize the cash flow of our operating properties, successfully 
complete the construction and lease-up of our development portfolio and identify 
additional growth opportunities in the form of acquisitions and redevelopments. 
New investments are focused in the shopping center sector in markets where we currently 
operate and where we believe we can leverage our existing infrastructure and relationships 
to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

IMPRESSIVE STATS REFLECT OUR SUCCESS 

As of March 31, 2017, the Company owned interests in a portfolio of 120 operating, development and redevelopment properties totaling approximately 24 million total square feet across 20 states. For more information, please visit the Company’s website at 
www.kiterealty.com.  







Webcasts






06 Jun, 2017
08:00 AM ETKite Realty Group Trust at REITWeek 2017


27 Apr, 2017
1:00 PM ETQ1 2017
	 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


07 Mar, 2017
08:10 AM ETCiti 2017 Global 
	Property CEO Conference


03 Feb, 2017
11:00 AM ET 
	 Q4 2016 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


28 Oct, 2016
01:00 PM ET 
	 Q3 2016 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


29 July, 2016
10:00 AM ET 
	 Q2 2016 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


29 April, 2016
9:00 AM ET 
	 Q1 2016 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


05 Feb, 2016
11:00 AM ET 
	 Q4 2015 Kite Realty Group Trust Earnings Conference Call


17 Sep, 2015
11:05 AM ET 
	Bank of America Merrill Lynch Global Real Estate Conference


10 June, 2015
8:00 AM ET 
	NAREIT's Investor Forum Conference


Q1 2017 
	Financial Supplement



Latest Investor Presentation
Rivers Edge Revitalization Catalyzes Development in Surrounding Area
 (Copyright © International Council of Shopping Centers, Inc., New York, New York. Used with permission.)



	2016 Annual Report (Interactive)


2017 
	Proxy Statement (Interactive)


Report 
	of Organizational Actions (IRS Form 8937)






VIEW MORE



News Releases







06/23/17


Kite Realty Group Trust to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 26, 2017








06/01/17


Kite Realty Group Trust to Audio Webcast Presentation at NAREIT’s Investor Forum








05/11/17


Kite Realty Group Trust Announces Quarterly Common Dividend








04/26/17


Kite Realty Group Trust Reports First Quarter 2017 Operating Results








04/04/17


Kite Realty Group Trust Announces New Lease with Hobby Lobby and the Opening of Stein Mart at Parkside Town Commons







VIEW MORE



Featured Documents

VIEW MORE



Contact Information





Kite Realty Group Trust Shareholder Services
855-449-0978 (Toll-free)
720-378-5973 (Toll)
Investor Relations
Daniel R. Sink, Executive VP and CFO
Kite Realty Group Trust
317-577-5609

dsink@kiterealty.com

Media Relations
Ashley Underwood
Kite Realty Group Trust
317-578-5156

aunderwood@kiterealty.com
Transfer Agent
Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions
1717 Arch Street
Suite 1300
Philadelphia PA 19103
800-733-1121
Kite Realty Group Trust
30 South Meridian Street
Indianapolis, IN 46204
317-577-5600










 









Market Summary




NYSE: KRG



$ 19.58


Volume: 491,923


($M) 1,636.36



                        $ (0.06)  (0.31)%
                            




                        As of July 24, 2017 CloseMinimum 20 minute delay.


View More













Copyright 2017, © S&P Global Market Intelligence  Terms of Use





×
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
























The investor relations site ("Site") with which this document is associated is maintained by S&P Global Market Intelligence ("S&P") on behalf of the organization featured on the Site (S&P's "Client"). These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms of Use") set forth the terms on which you may use the Site, and the information and materials contained therein (the "Contents"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you are not authorized to use the Site or Contents in any manner, and you should immediately discontinue any use of the Site or the Contents.
S&P and/or its Client shall have the right at any time to modify or discontinue any aspect of the Site or any part of the Contents. S&P may also modify these Terms of Use without notice. You agree to monitor these Terms of Use, and to cease all access or use of the Site if you no longer agree to abide by the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Site shall constitute acceptance of such modification.
S&P and the Client grant to you a limited, personal license to access the Site and to access and download the Contents, but only for your own personal, family and household use. You may not use, reproduce, distribute or display any portion of the Site for any other purpose, including without limit any commercial purpose. You may use the Site and the Contents for lawful purposes only. S&P and Client reserve all rights not expressly granted, including the right to terminate your use of the Site without notice.
The Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and service marks, and other proprietary information, including but not limited to text, software, and graphics, which materials are owned by S&P and/or its Client. S&P and Client reserve all rights in the Contents. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, broadcast, publish, retransmit, disseminate, circulate or commercially exploit the Site or the Contents without the express written consent of S&P and the Client.
You agree to access the Contents and the Site manually, by request, and not automatically, through the use of a program, or other means. You agree not to take any action, alone or with others, that would interfere with the operation of the Site, to alter the Site in any way, or to impede others' access to and freedom to enjoy and use the Site as made available by S&P and S&P’s Client.
THE SITE AND THE CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. S&P, ITS CLIENT, AND ANY OTHER PROVIDERS OF THE INFORMATION EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER, S&P, THE CLIENT NOR EITHER OF THEIR AFFILIATES, SHAREHOLDERS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY , PUNITIVE SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SITE, THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, OR THE CONTENTS, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN PARTICULAR, S&P WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
                                    
It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any of the Contents available on the Site. Please seek the advice of professionals regarding the evaluation of any of the information on the Site.
The Site does not represent an offer or solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any security.
These Terms of Use are the entire agreement between the parties with respect to its subject matter, and it can be amended only via written agreement by S&P. These terms and conditions shall be governed by the law of New York, without regard to principals of conflicts or choice of laws.






























Kite Realty | About Us
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					





Draper Peaks Draper, UT 


About Us
MAXIMIZING VALUE IN OUR RETAIL DESTINATIONS
Kite Realty Group Trust is a full-service, vertically-integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged primarily in the ownership and operation, acquisition, development and redevelopment of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in select markets in the United States.

Our strategy is to maximize the cash flow of our operating properties, successfully complete the construction and lease-up of our development portfolio and identify additional growth opportunities in the form of acquisitions and redevelopments. New investments are focused in the shopping center sector in markets where we currently operate and where we believe we can leverage our existing infrastructure and relationships to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns.

Impressive stats reflect our success
As of March 31, 2017, we owned interests in 120 properties totaling approximately 23.6 million square feet.














Kite Realty | Contact
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					





Holly Springs Towne Center Holly Springs, NC 


Contact
We want to hear from you

Corporate HQ

Kite Realty Group

30 S Meridian St, Suite 1100
Indianapolis, IN 46204

317-577-5600
317-557-5666





Choose recipient


General inquiry
Leasing inquiry
Investor relations




Email



Full name



Phone





Message





Send message



Regional Offices


Southeast

7119 O'Kelly Chapel Road
Cary, NC 27519

919-609-0175


Florida

255 S. Orange Ave. Suite 125
Orlando , FL 32801

407-563-0100


West

7701 Tropical Parkway, Suite 110
Las Vegas, NV 89149

702-366-0229


Mid-Central

8070 Park Lane, Suite 225
Dallas, TX 75231

214-445-4330


Midwest

30 South Meridian Street, Suite 1100
Indianapolis, IN 46204

317-577-5600
317-577-5605

Northeast

777 Westchester Avenue
White Plains, NY 10604

914-644-8489


Satellite Offices


Florida Satellite Office

14851 Lyons Road, Suite 121
Delray Beach, FL 33446

561-865-4613


Florida Satellite Office

2415 Tarpon Bay Boulevard, Suite 7
Naples, FL 34119

239-596-6943


Midwest Satellite Office

1234 North Eddy Street, Suite 115
South Bend, IN 46617

317-574-9890
















Kite Realty | Leasing Team
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					





Beechwood Promenade Athens, GA 


Leasing Team
Retail Savvy Professionals In Markets Across the Country
Kite's team of leasing professionals are experts in the field. Studying market demographics, competition, sales and merchandising mix enables them to optimize the performance of our tenants and maximize the value of our properties. By working closely with our development team, we ensure the maximum exposure for store locations. From site selection in an existing property to expansion opportunities in future developments, we strive to ensure your success.





Gregg Poetz
SVP, Leasing





Jeff Wright
SVP, Leasing





Ryan Joyce
Regional Director - Florida





Blake Beaver
Regional Manager - Southeast





Andrew Hasbrook
Regional Manager - Midwest 





Brian Hector
Regional Manager - Florida





Luke Isenbarger
Regional Manager - Northeast





Karly Kilroy
Regional Manager - Mid-Central





Joshlyn Steele
Regional Manager - West





Holiday Gates
Leasing Representative





Nolan Collier
Leasing Associate - Florida

















Kite Realty | Leadership
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					





Delray Marketplace Delray Beach, FL 


Leadership
Energized And Excited About The Future




John A. Kite
Chairman and CEO





Thomas K. McGowan
President and COO





Daniel R. Sink
Executive VP and CFO





Scott E. Murray
Executive VP, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary





Mellissa Boggs
SVP, Human Capital





Brad Bisser
SVP, Asset Management





Mark Jenkins
SVP, Development





Rick Lally
SVP, Construction





Mitch Rippe
SVP, Acquisition and Disposition





Wade Achenbach
SVP, Capital Markets and Corporate Treasurer





Gregg Poetz
SVP, Leasing





Jeff Wright
SVP, Leasing





Tom Olinger
SVP and Chief Accounting Officer





Colin Joynt
SVP, IT













Kite Realty Group LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























kite realty group lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Real Estate
Sub-Industry: REIT
Kite Realty Group, L.P. operates as a real estate investment trust. The Company focuses on the development, redevelopment, construction, acquisition, ownership, and operation of neighborhood and community shopping centers throughout the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

30 South Meridian Street
Suite 1100
Indianapolis, IN 46204
United States


Phone:
1-317-577-5600


Fax:
1-317-557-5666


Web url:
www.kiteco.com























From The Web











Key Executives


Wade Achenbach


Senior VP:Capital Markets/Treasurer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































Kite Realty | About Us
















					Kite Realty Group
					



					KRG - Listed NYSE
					





Draper Peaks Draper, UT 


About Us
MAXIMIZING VALUE IN OUR RETAIL DESTINATIONS
Kite Realty Group Trust is a full-service, vertically-integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged primarily in the ownership and operation, acquisition, development and redevelopment of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in select markets in the United States.

Our strategy is to maximize the cash flow of our operating properties, successfully complete the construction and lease-up of our development portfolio and identify additional growth opportunities in the form of acquisitions and redevelopments. New investments are focused in the shopping center sector in markets where we currently operate and where we believe we can leverage our existing infrastructure and relationships to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns.

Impressive stats reflect our success
As of March 31, 2017, we owned interests in 120 properties totaling approximately 23.6 million square feet.










Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Kite Realty Group, L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:37 AM ET
Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

Company Overview of Kite Realty Group, L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Kite Realty Group, L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Kite Realty Group Trust.


30 South Meridian StreetSuite 1100Indianapolis, IN 46204United States



Fax: 317-577-5605








Key Executives for Kite Realty Group, L.P.


Kite Realty Group, L.P. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Kite Realty Group, L.P. Key Developments

Kite Realty Group, L.P. Completes Offering of $300 Million Aggregate Principal Amount of 4.000% Senior Notes Due 2026
Sep 27 16
On September 26, 2016, Kite Realty Group, L.P. (Operating Partnership), the operating partnership of Kite Realty Group Trust, completed the previously announced offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000% Senior Notes due 2026. In connection with the issuance of the Notes, the Operating Partnership entered into an Indenture, dated September 26, 2016 (the Base Indenture), between the Operating Partnership, as issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated September 26, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the company, as possible future guarantor, and the Trustee. The Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.000% per annum accruing from September 26, 2016. Interest on the Notes is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on April 1, 2017. The Notes will mature on October 1, 2026. The Notes are the Operating Partnership's unsecured and unsubordinated obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Operating Partnership's existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Notes are not guaranteed by any subsidiary of the company and will not initially, and may never, be guaranteed by the Company. However, under limited circumstances provided in the Supplemental Indenture, the company will be required to guarantee the payment of principal of and premium, if any, and interest on the Notes when due if, and for so long as, the company guarantees the Operating Partnership's obligations under its existing credit agreement. The Operating Partnership may redeem the Notes at its option and in its sole discretion at any time or from time to time prior to July 1, 2026 in whole or in part at the applicable make-whole redemption price specified in the Supplemental Indenture. If the Notes are redeemed on or after July 1, 2026, the redemption price will be equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but not including, the applicable redemption date.


Kite Realty Eyes Acquisitions
Sep 22 16
Kite Realty Group, L.P. is looking for acquisition opportunities. Kite Realty Group Trust reported that its operating partnership, Kite Realty Group, L.P., has priced $300 million of 4% Senior Notes due 2026 in an underwritten public offering. The Operating Partnership intends to use $200 million of the net proceeds from the offering to pay off its $200 million term loan maturing July 1, 2019 (or January 1, 2020 if the six-month extension option were to be exercised). The Operating Partnership intends to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of amounts outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility and other outstanding indebtedness, acquisitions of additional properties, capital expenditures, the expansion, redevelopment and/or improvement of properties in its portfolio, working capital and other general purposes.


Kite Realty Seeks Acquisitions
Sep 15 16
Kite Realty Group, L.P. is looking for acquisition opportunities. Kite Realty announces pricing of inaugural $300 million public offering of senior unsecured notes and intends to use the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of amounts outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility and other outstanding indebtedness, acquisitions of additional properties, capital expenditures, the expansion, redevelopment and/or improvement of properties in its portfolio, working capital and other general purposes.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III, Inc. United States Arden Realty LP United States Camden Summit Partnership, L.P. United States FSP Innsbrook Corp. United States HCRI Tucson Properties, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Kite Realty Group, L.P., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























10-K: KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,513
-66.90
-0.31%






Nasdaq

6,411
+23.05
+0.36%






S&P 500

2,470
-2.63
-0.11%









8:35 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 same-facility admissions up 0.8%
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare affirms 2017 revenue outlook of $43.0 mln-$44.0 mln
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare cuts 2017 EPS outlook to $7.00-$7.30 from $7.20-$7.60
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 revenue $10.73 bln vs. $10.32 bln; FactSet consensus $10.76 bln
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


Updated
      Teaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.80
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 EPS $1.75 vs. $1.65 a year ago
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Caterpillar beats earnings views, lifts outlook
                                





 
8:28 A.M. ET


                                  Tintri started at overweight with $9 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
                                





 
8:27 A.M. ET


                                  Neuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
                                





 
8:27 A.M. ET


                                  Tintri started at outperform with $9 stock price target at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  WebMD downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  Spectranetics downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  Sierra Bancorp upgraded to outperform from market perform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


                                  Alphabet stock price target raised to $1,030 from $1,020 at Raymond James
                                





 
8:23 A.M. ET


                                  McDonald's expects to net restaurant additions of 400 in 2017
                                





 
8:23 A.M. ET


                                  McDonald's expects to have 2,500 'experience of the future' restaurants in U.S. by end of 2017
                                





 
8:19 A.M. ET


Updated
      Caterpillar, McDonald's stocks set to add about 65 points to Dow industrials
                                





 
8:19 A.M. ET


                                  Seagate Technology's stock plunges after profit and sales miss, CEO change
                                





 
8:18 A.M. ET


                                  Neuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P.
    








    By

Published: Feb 27, 2017 4:23 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto and Item 1A, "Risk Factors," appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In this discussion, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "our Company," "we," "us," and "our" mean Kite Realty Group Trust and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Kite Realty Group, L.P.  Overview  In the following overview, we discuss, among other things, the status of our business and properties, the effect that current United States economic conditions is having on our retail tenants and us, and the current state of the financial markets and how it impacts our financing strategy.  Our Business and Properties  Kite Realty Group Trust is a publicly-held real estate investment trust which, through its majority-owned subsidiary, Kite Realty Group, L.P., owns interests in various operating subsidiaries and joint ventures engaged in the ownership, operation,  acquisition, development, and redevelopment of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in selected markets in the United States. We derive revenues primarily from activities associated with the collection of contractual rents and reimbursement payments from tenants at our properties. Our operating results therefore depend materially on, among other things, the ability of our tenants to make required lease payments, the health and resilience of the United States retail sector, interest rate volatility, job growth and overall economic and real estate market conditions.  As of December 31, 2016, we owned interests in 119 operating and redevelopment properties consisting of 108 retail properties, nine retail redevelopment properties, one office operating property and an associated parking garage. We also owned two development projects under construction as of this date.  Portfolio Update  In evaluating acquisition, development, and redevelopment opportunities, we look for strong sub-markets where average household income is above the broader market average. We also focus on locations with population density, high traffic counts, and strong daytime workforce populations. Household incomes in our largest sub-markets are significantly higher than the medians for those broader markets.  In 2016, we transitioned the Holly Springs Towne Center - Phase II and Tamiami Crossing development projects to the operating portfolio. We also began construction on our expansion of Holly Springs - Phase II in the fourth quarter. Our 3-R initiative, which includes a total of 20 existing and potential projects, continued to progress in 2016. Ten of these projects are under construction with total estimated costs of $58.0 million to $66.5 million and estimated combined returns of 9.0% to 10.0%. There are 10 additional projects under active evaluation with potential estimated costs of $80 to $100 million and potential returns of 9.0% to 11.0%. We completed construction on four 3-R projects during the fourth quarter: Hitchcock Plaza, Shops at Moore, Tarpon Bay Plaza, and Traders Point.  In addition to targeting sub-markets with strong consumer demographics, we focus on having the appropriate tenant mix at each center. Many of our tenants are service-oriented or have a prominent online platform that has reduced the impact of the expansion of e-commerce on their operations. We have aggressively targeted and executed leases with notable grocers including Publix, Trader Joes, and Aldi along with soft goods retailers such as Ross Dress for Less, Ulta and Nordstrom Rack. Additionally, we have identified cost-efficient ways to optimize space for junior anchors such as right-sizing office supply stores and backfilling the existing space with a tenant more suitable to the larger space. In addition, many of our redevelopment projects include consolidating small shop space to accommodate construction of new junior anchor space.  Capital and Financing Activities  Our ability to obtain capital on satisfactory terms and to refinance borrowings as they mature is affected by the condition of the economy in general and by the financial strength of properties securing borrowings.  Throughout 2016, we strengthened our balance sheet by retiring multiple property-level secured loans and unencumbering the related assets securing the loans. We increased our liquidity through amending our existing unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan, which allows us the option to increase the borrowing capacity of the unsecured revolving credit facility to $1 billion and the option to increase our unsecured term loan to provide for an additional $200 million. We also issued $300 million of Notes in a public offering. As of December 31, 2016, we have reduced our term maturities through 2020 to approximately $90 million and extended our weighted-average debt maturities to 6.4 years.  The amount that we may borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility is limited by the value of the assets in our unencumbered asset pool. As of December 31, 2016, the value of the assets in our unencumbered asset pool was $420.4 million. Taking into account outstanding borrowings and letters of credit, we had $409.9 million available under our unsecured revolving credit facility for future borrowings as of December 31, 2016. In addition, we had $19.9 million in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2016.  The unencumbering of a number of properties, drawing the remaining amount on our 7-Year Term Loan, amending our existing unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured term loan and issuing the Notes provides us with more flexibility for future capital activity. In addition, the investment grade credit ratings we received in 2014 provide us with access to the unsecured public bond market, which we may continue to use in the future to finance acquisition activity, repay debt maturing in the near term and fix interest rates.  Summary of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. As disclosed in Note 2, the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We believe that the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the compilation of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, and complex judgments.  Valuation of Investment Properties  Management reviews operational and development projects, land parcels and intangible assets for impairment on at least a quarterly basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The review for possible impairment requires management to make certain assumptions and estimates and requires significant judgment. Impairment losses for investment properties and intangible assets are measured when the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the investment properties during the expected holding period are less than the carrying amounts of those assets. Impairment losses are recorded as the excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the asset. Our impairment review for land and development properties assumes we have the intent and the ability to complete the developments or projected uses for the land parcels. If we determine those plans will not be completed or our assumptions with respect to operating assets are not realized, an impairment loss may be appropriate.  Depreciation may be accelerated for a redevelopment project, including partial demolition of existing structures after the asset is assessed for impairment.  Operating properties will be classified as held for sale only when those properties are available for immediate sale in their present condition and for which management believes it is probable that a sale of the property will be completed within one year, among other factors. Operating properties classified as held for sale are carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Depreciation and amortization are suspended during the held-for-sale period.  Our operating properties have operations and cash flows that can be clearly distinguished from the rest of our activities. Historically, the operations reported in discontinued operations include those operating properties that were sold or were considered held for sale and for which operations and cash flows can be clearly distinguished. The operations from these properties are eliminated from ongoing operations, and we will not have a continuing involvement after disposition. In the first quarter of 2014, we adopted the provisions of ASU 2014-08, Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant, and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, which will result in fewer real estate sales being classified within discontinued operations, as only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations will be presented as discontinued operations. All operating properties included in discontinued operations in 2014 were classified as such prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-08, and no properties that have been sold, or designated as held-for-sale, since the adoption of ASU 2014-08, have met the revised criteria for classification within discontinued operations.  Acquisition of Real Estate Investments  Upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, we estimate the fair value of acquired identifiable tangible assets and identified intangible assets and liabilities, assumed debt, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the date of acquisition, based on evaluation of information and estimates available at that date. Based on these estimates, we record the estimated fair value to the applicable assets and liabilities. In making estimates of fair values, a number of sources are utilized, including information obtained as a result of pre-acquisition due diligence, marketing and leasing activities. The estimates of fair value were determined to have primarily relied upon Level 2 and Level 3 inputs, as defined below.  Fair value is determined for tangible assets and intangibles, including:   the fair value of the building on an as-if-vacant basis and the fair value of land determined either by comparable market data, real estate tax assessments, independent appraisals or other relevant data; above-market and below-market in-place lease values for acquired properties, which are based on the present value (using an interest rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) of the difference between (i) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and (ii) management's estimate of fair market lease rates for the corresponding in-place leases, measured over the remaining non-cancelable term of the leases. Any below-market renewal options are also considered in the in-place lease values. The capitalized above-market and below-market lease values are amortized as a reduction of or addition to rental income over the term of the lease. Should a tenant vacate, terminate its lease, or otherwise notify us of its intent to do so, the unamortized portion of the lease intangibles would be charged or credited to income; the value of having a lease in place at the acquisition date. We utilize independent and internal sources for our estimates to determine the respective in-place lease values. Our estimates of value are made using methods similar to those used by independent appraisers. Factors we consider in our analysis include an estimate of costs to execute similar leases including tenant improvements, leasing commissions and foregone costs and rent received during the estimated lease-up period as if the space was vacant. The value of in-place leases is amortized to expense over the remaining initial terms of the respective leases; and the fair value of any assumed financing that is determined to be above or below market terms. We utilize third party and independent sources for our estimates to determine the respective fair value of each mortgage payable. The fair market value of each mortgage payable is amortized to interest expense over the remaining initial terms of the respective loan.  We also consider whether there is any value to in-place leases that have a related customer relationship intangible value. Characteristics we consider in determining these values include the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant, the tenant's credit quality, and expectations of lease renewals, among other factors. To date, a tenant relationship has not been developed that is considered to have a current intangible value.  We finalize the measurement period of our business combinations when all facts and circumstances are understood, but in no circumstances will the measurement period exceed one year.  Revenue Recognition  As a lessor of real estate assets, the Company retains substantially all of the risks and benefits of ownership and account for its leases as operating leases.  Contractual rent, percentage rent, and expense reimbursements from tenants for common area maintenance costs, insurance and real estate taxes are our principal sources of revenue. Base minimum rents are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases. Certain lease agreements contain provisions that grant additional rents based on a tenant's sales volume (contingent overage rent). Overage rent is recognized when tenants achieve the specified sales targets as defined in their lease agreements. Overage rent is included in other property related revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. As a result of generating this revenue, we will routinely have accounts receivable due from tenants. We are subject to  tenant defaults and bankruptcies that may affect the collection of outstanding receivables. To address the collectability of these receivables, we analyze historical write-off experience, tenant credit-worthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts and straight line rent reserve. Although we estimate uncollectible receivables and provide for them through charges against income, actual experience may differ from those estimates.  Gains or losses from sales of real estate are recognized when a sale has been consummated, the buyer's initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the asset, we have transferred to the buyer the usual risks and rewards of ownership, and we do not have a substantial continuing financial involvement in the property. As part of our ongoing business strategy, we will, from time to time, sell land parcels and outlots, some of which are ground leased to tenants.  Fair Value Measurements  We follow the framework established under accounting standard FASB ASC 820 for measuring fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities that are not required or permitted to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis but only in certain circumstances, such as a business combination or upon determination of impairment.  Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets are categorized based on the inputs to the valuation techniques as follows:   Level 1 fair value inputs are quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments to which we have access.   Level 2 fair value inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for similar instruments, either directly or indirectly, and appropriately consider counterparty creditworthiness in the valuations.   Level 3 fair value inputs reflect our best estimate of inputs and assumptions market participants would use in pricing an instrument at the measurement date. The inputs are unobservable in the market and significant to the valuation estimate.  In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. As discussed in Note 10 to the Financial Statements, we have determined that its derivative valuations are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.  Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, escrows and deposits, and other working capital balances approximate fair value.  Note 7 to the Financial Statements includes a discussion of the fair values  Income Taxes and REIT Compliance  Parent Company  The Parent Company, which is considered a corporation for federal income tax purposes, has been organized and intends to continue to operate in a manner that will enable it to maintain its qualification as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a result, it generally will not be subject to federal income tax on the earnings that it distributes to the extent it distributes its "REIT taxable income" (determined before the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains) to shareholders of the Parent Company and meets certain other requirements on a recurring basis. To the extent that it satisfies this distribution requirement, but distributes less than 100% of its taxable income, it will be subject to federal corporate income tax on its undistributed REIT taxable income. REITs are subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements. If the Parent Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, it will be subject to federal income tax on its taxable income at regular corporate rates for a period of four years following the year in which qualification is lost. We may also be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property and to federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed taxable income even if the Parent Company does qualify as a REIT. The Operating Partnership intends to continue to make distributions to the Parent Company in amounts sufficient to assist the Parent Company in adhering to REIT requirements and maintaining its REIT status.  We have elected to treat Kite Realty Holdings, LLC as a taxable REIT subsidiary of the Operating Partnership, and we may elect to treat other subsidiaries as taxable REIT subsidiaries in the future. This election enables us to receive income and provide services that would otherwise be impermissible for a REIT. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are established for temporary differences between the financial reporting bases and the tax bases of assets and liabilities at the tax rates expected to be in effect when the temporary differences reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax asset will not be realized.  Operating Partnership  The allocated share of income and loss, other than the operations of our taxable REIT subsidiary, is included in the income tax returns of the Operating Partnership's partners. Accordingly, the only federal income taxes included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements are in connection with its taxable REIT subsidiary.  Inflation  Inflation rates have been near historical lows in recent years and, therefore, have not had a significant impact on our results of operations. Most of our leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation by requiring the tenant to pay its share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, or include a fixed amount for these costs that escalates over time, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in operating expenses resulting from inflation. Also, most of our leases have original terms of fewer than ten years, which enables us to adjust rental rates to market upon lease renewal.  Results of Operations  As of December 31, 2016, we owned interests in 119 properties and two development projects currently under construction. The following table sets forth the total operating and redevelopment properties and development projects that we owned as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:   # of Properties 2016 2015 2014 Retail Operating Properties 108 110 118 Office Operating Properties 2 2 2 Redevelopment Properties 9 6 3 Total Operating and Redevelopment Properties 119 118 123 Development Projects 2 3 4 Total All Properties 121 121 127  The comparability of results of operations is affected by our Merger with Inland Diversified on July 1, 2014 and by our development, redevelopment, and operating property acquisition and disposition activities in 2014 through 2016. Therefore, we believe it is most useful to review the comparisons of our results of operations for these years (as set forth below under "Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015" and "Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2015 and 2014") in conjunction with the discussion of these activities during those periods, which is set forth below.  Property Acquisition Activities During the three years ended December 31, 2016, we acquired the properties listed in the table below. Property Name MSA Acquisition Date Owned GLA Merger with Inland Various July 2014 10,719,471 Diversified (60 operating properties) Rampart Commons Las Vegas, NV December 2014 81,292 Colleyville Downs Dallas, TX April 2015 190,940 Belle Isle Station Oklahoma City, May 2015 164,334 OK Livingston Shopping New York - July 2015 139,605 Center Newark Chapel Hill Shopping Fort Worth / August 2015 126,755 Center Dallas, TX  Operating Property Disposition Activities  During the three years ended December 31, 2016, we sold the operating properties listed in the table below.   Property Name MSA Disposition Date Owned GLA 50th and 12th (Walgreens)1 Seattle, WA January 2014 14,500 Red Bank Commons Evansville, IN March 2014 34,258 Ridge Plaza Oak Ridge, NJ March 2014 115,088 Zionsville Walgreens Zionsville, IN September 2014 14,550 Sale of eight operating properties Various2 November & December 2014 805,644 Sale of seven operating properties Various2 March 2015 740,034 Cornelius Gateway Portland, OR December 2015 21,326 Four Corner Square Seattle, WA December 2015 107,998 Shops at Otty Portland, OR June 2016 9,845 Publix at St. Cloud St. Cloud, FL December 2016 78,820  Development Activities During the three years ended December 31, 2016, the following significant development properties became operational or partially operational: Property Name MSA Economic Occupancy Date1 Owned GLA Parkside Town Commons - Phase I Raleigh, NC March 2014 55,390 Parkside Town Commons - Phase II Raleigh, NC September 2014 347,642 Holly Springs Towne Center - Phase II Raleigh, NC December 2015 122,009 Tamiami Crossing Naples, FL March 2016 121,705  Redevelopment Activities  During portions of the three years ended December 31, 2016, the following properties were under redevelopment and removed from our operating portfolio:   Transition to Transition to Property Name MSA Redevelopment1 Operations Owned GLA King's Lake Square Naples, FL July 2013 April 2014 88,314 Bolton Plaza Jacksonville, FL June 2008 September 2014 154,555 . . .  Feb 27, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


The biggest financial bloggers reveal their positions on bitcoin and cryptocurrencies


One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream


S&P futures edge up, as Biogen leads the way higher after earnings















Most Popular





The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30





Alphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark





A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Credit


Currency


Markets


Supermarkets


Textiles


Gas Prices




Airlines


Oil


Currencies


U.S. Stocks


Retail


Federal Reserve




U.S. Dollar


United Kingdom


Europe


European Markets


Energy Stocks


Copper






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


Hill, David


Rather, Dan


Brin, Sergey


King, David




Lewis, Michael


Perry, Rick


Berlusconi, Silvio


McCain, John


Musk, Elon


Carter, Jimmy




Obama, Barack


Clinton, Bill


Jackson, Michael


Bloomberg, Michael


Putin, Vladimir


Snow, John






Companies in the news



Miners


Connor


American International Group


Lilly (Eli) & Co.


Dow Chemical


DuPont




Apple Inc.


American Manufacturing


Ford Motor


General Motors


Jones


3M Co




Bank of America Corp.


Caterpillar Inc.


Dow Jones & Co.


Google Inc.


McDonald's Corp.


News Corp.






Organizations in the news



European Union


Consumers Union


General Assembly


Small Business Administration


European Central Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market




World Bank


World Trade Organization


Bank of England


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Investment Company Institute


New York Stock Exchange




College Board


New York University


State University of New York


University of Massachusetts


University of Washington


Washington State University












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:37 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:36aHCA Healthcare Q2 same-facility admissions up 0.8%
8:35aHCA Healthcare affirms 2017 revenue outlook of $43.0 mln-$44.0 mln
8:35aHCA Healthcare cuts 2017 EPS outlook to $7.00-$7.30 from $7.20-$7.60
8:34aHCA Healthcare Q2 revenue $10.73 bln vs. $10.32 bln; FactSet consensus $10.76 bln
8:33aHCA Healthcare Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.80
8:33aTeaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
8:32aHCA Healthcare Q2 EPS $1.75 vs. $1.65 a year ago
8:31aCaterpillar beats earnings views, lifts outlook
8:28aTintri started at overweight with $9 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
8:28aNeuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
8:27aTintri started at outperform with $9 stock price target at Raymond James
8:27aWebMD downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
8:27aSpectranetics downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
8:26aSierra Bancorp upgraded to outperform from market perform at Raymond James
8:26aAlphabet stock price target raised to $1,030 from $1,020 at Raymond James
8:24aMcDonald's expects to net restaurant additions of 400 in 2017
8:23aMcDonald's expects to have 2,500 'experience of the future' restaurants in U.S. by end of 2017
8:19aBREAKINGCaterpillar, McDonald's stocks set to add about 65 points to Dow industrials
8:19aSeagate Technology's stock plunges after profit and sales miss, CEO change
8:19aNeuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































10-Q: KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,513
-66.90
-0.31%






Nasdaq

6,411
+23.05
+0.36%






S&P 500

2,470
-2.63
-0.11%









8:35 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 same-facility admissions up 0.8%
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare affirms 2017 revenue outlook of $43.0 mln-$44.0 mln
                                





 
8:34 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare cuts 2017 EPS outlook to $7.00-$7.30 from $7.20-$7.60
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 revenue $10.73 bln vs. $10.32 bln; FactSet consensus $10.76 bln
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


Updated
      Teaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.80
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  HCA Healthcare Q2 EPS $1.75 vs. $1.65 a year ago
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Caterpillar beats earnings views, lifts outlook
                                





 
8:28 A.M. ET


                                  Tintri started at overweight with $9 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
                                





 
8:27 A.M. ET


                                  Neuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
                                





 
8:27 A.M. ET


                                  Tintri started at outperform with $9 stock price target at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  WebMD downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  Spectranetics downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:26 A.M. ET


                                  Sierra Bancorp upgraded to outperform from market perform at Raymond James
                                





 
8:25 A.M. ET


                                  Alphabet stock price target raised to $1,030 from $1,020 at Raymond James
                                





 
8:23 A.M. ET


                                  McDonald's expects to net restaurant additions of 400 in 2017
                                





 
8:23 A.M. ET


                                  McDonald's expects to have 2,500 'experience of the future' restaurants in U.S. by end of 2017
                                





 
8:19 A.M. ET


Updated
      Caterpillar, McDonald's stocks set to add about 65 points to Dow industrials
                                





 
8:19 A.M. ET


                                  Seagate Technology's stock plunges after profit and sales miss, CEO change
                                





 
8:18 A.M. ET


                                  Neuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P.
    








    By

Published: Aug 4, 2015 8:35 a.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  The following discussion should be read in connection with the accompanying historical financial statements and related notes thereto. In this discussion, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to "our Company", "we", "us", and "our" mean Kite Realty Group Trust and its subsidiaries, including Kite Realty Group, L.P.  Our Business and Properties  Kite Realty Group Trust, a publicly held real estate investment trust, through its majority-owned subsidiary, Kite Realty Group, L.P., is engaged in the ownership and operation, acquisition, development, and redevelopment of high-quality neighborhood and community shopping centers in selected markets in the United States. We derive revenues primarily from rents and reimbursement payments received from tenants under leases at our properties. Our operating results therefore depend materially on the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments, conditions in the United States retail sector and overall economic and real estate market conditions.  At March 31, 2015, we owned interests in 117 operating and redevelopment properties (consisting of 115 retail properties, one office operating property and an associated parking garage, as well as the office components of the Eddy Street Commons and Traditions Village operating properties) and three development properties under construction. In addition, we also owned interests in other land parcels comprising 105 acres that may be used for future expansion of existing properties, development of new retail or office properties or sold to third parties.  At March 31, 2014, we owned interests in 68 operating and redevelopment properties (consisting of 62 retail properties, one office operating property and an associated parking garage) and four retail properties under redevelopment. As of this date, we also owned interests in two retail development properties under construction.  Current Quarter Actions  We continue to execute on our strategy to maximize shareholder value, including:  Development, Redevelopment, and Acquisition Activities. During the first quarter of 2015, we transitioned Parkside Town Commons - Phase I to the operating portfolio. Ross Dress for Less opened in March at Gainesville Plaza to join Burlington Coat Factory, which opened in the fall of 2014.  In February, we acquired our partner's interest in our City Center operating property. The acquisition of this interest allows us to completely control the potential repositioning of the asset in the future.  Subsequent to the end of the quarter, we acquired Colleyville Downs, a 201,000 square foot shopping center in Dallas. The center is 92% leased and anchored by a newly constructed Whole Foods Market, Petco, and Ace Hardware.  Operational Activities. During the first quarter of 2015, we executed 77 new and renewal leases totaling 377,000 square feet. We signed comparable new leases with 10 tenants for 39,000 square feet of gross leasable area ("GLA") and comparable renewal leases with 42 tenants for 237,000 square feet of GLA. We achieved a blended rent spread of 9.0% on these comparable signed leases while minimizing incremental capital improvement costs.  Capital Activity. In March 2015, we amended the terms of our unsecured revolving credit facility. The amendment provided for the release of the subsidiary guarantees relating to the Amended Facility. In addition, we continue to increase the unencumbered property pool including through the retirement of loans secured by Indian River and Plaza Volente in March 2015.  The amendment of our credit facilities, the achievement of investment grade credit ratings in late 2014 and a continued increase in our unencumbered property pool all provide us with greater financial flexibility and opportunities. Our investment grade credit ratings provide us with access to the unsecured public bond market which we may use in the future to finance acquisition activity, repay debt maturing in the near term and fix interest rates that are currently at historically low levels.  Our same property net operating income increased 4.4% for the three months ended March 31, 2015 compared to the same period of the prior year, primarily due to rental rate growth and improved occupancy, which led to higher expense recovery levels. Our annualized base rent per square foot improved to $15.20 per square foot as of March 31, 2015 from $13.46 as of March 31, 2014.  Results of Operations  The comparability of results of operations in 2014 and 2015 is significantly affected by our merger with Inland Diversified on July 1, 2014 and by our development, redevelopment and operating property acquisition and disposition activities during these periods. Therefore, we believe it is useful to review the comparisons of our results of operations for these periods in conjunction with the discussion of these activities during those periods, which is set forth below.  Property Acquisitions The following properties were acquired between January 1, 2014 and March 31, 2015: Acquisition Cost Property Name MSA Acquisition Date (millions) Owned GLA Merger with Inland Diversified Various July 2014 $ 2,128.6 10,719,471 Rampart Commons Las Vegas, NV December 2014 32.3 81,292  Property Dispositions In 2014 and 2015, we sold the following operating properties: Property Name MSA Disposition Date Owned GLA 50th and 12th (Walgreens) Seattle, WA January 2014 14,500 Red Bank Commons Evansville, IN March 2014 34,258 Ridge Plaza Oak Ridge, NJ March 2014 115,088 Zionsville Walgreens Zionsville, IN September 2014 14,550 Tranche I of Portfolio Sale November & to IREIT Various December 2014 805,644 Tranche II of Portfolio Sale to IREIT Various March 2015 740,034  Development Activities  The following development properties were partially operational at various times from January 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015:   Property Name MSA Economic Occupancy Date1 Owned GLA Parkside Town Commons - Phase I Raleigh, NC March 2014 104,978 Parkside Town Commons - Phase II Raleigh, NC September 2014 275,432  Redevelopment Activities The following properties were under redevelopment at various times during the period from January 1, 2014 through March 31, 2015: Property Name MSA Transition to Operations Owned GLA King's Lake Square Naples, Florida April 2014 88,153 Bolton Plaza Jacksonville, Florida September 2014 155,637 Gainesville Plaza1 Gainesville, Florida Pending 162,693  Same Property Net Operating Income  We believe that Net Operating Income ("NOI") is helpful to investors as a measure of our operating performance because it excludes various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance, such as depreciation and amortization, interest expense, and impairment, if any. We believe that Same Property NOI is helpful to investors as a measure of our operating performance because it includes only the NOI of properties that have been owned for the full period presented, which eliminates disparities in net income due to the redevelopment, acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular period presented, and thus provides a more consistent metric for the comparison of our properties. NOI and Same Property NOI should not, however, be considered as alternatives to net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance.  The following table reflects same property net operating income (and reconciliation to net income attributable to common shareholders) for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014:   Three Months Ended March 31, ($ in thousands) 2015 2014 % Change Number of properties at period end1 64 64 Leased percentage at period end 95.1 % 95.3 % Economic Occupancy percentage at period end2 92.9 % 91.5 % Net operating income - same properties (64 properties)3 $ 25,966 $ 24,861 4.4 % Reconciliation to Most Directly Comparable GAAP Measure: Net operating income - same properties $ 25,966 $ 24,861 Net operating income - non-same activity 38,117 5,371 Other expense, net (51 ) (40 ) General, administrative and other (5,006 ) (3,106 ) Merger and acquisition costs (159 ) (4,480 ) Depreciation expense (40,435 ) (17,440 ) Interest expense (13,933 ) (7,383 ) Discontinued operations 0 3,199 Gains on sales of operating properties 3,363 3,489 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (683 ) (139 ) Dividends on preferred shares (2,114 ) (2,114 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 5,065 $ 2,218  Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 The following table reflects our consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2015 and 2014 . The comparability of the periods is impacted by the merger, acquisitions, dispositions, and redevelopments previously described. Net change 2014 ($ in thousands) 2015 2014 to 2015 Revenue: Rental income (including tenant reimbursements) $ 84,094 $ 40,423 $ 43,671 Other property related revenue 2,734 2,237 497 Total revenue 86,828 42,660 44,168 Expenses: Property operating 12,724 7,315 5,409 Real estate taxes 10,021 5,113 4,908 General, administrative, and other 5,006 3,106 1,900 Merger and acquisition costs 159 4,480 (4,321 ) Depreciation and amortization 40,435 17,440 22,995 Total Expenses 68,345 37,454 30,891 Operating income 18,483 5,206 13,277 Interest expense (13,933 ) (7,383 ) (6,550 ) Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiary (55 ) 53 (108 ) Other expense 4 (93 ) 97 Income (loss) from continuing operations 4,499 (2,217 ) 6,716 Discontinued operations: Discontinued operations - - - Non-cash gain on debt extinguishment - - - Gain on sale of operating property, net - 3,199 (3,199 ) Income from discontinued operations - 3,199 (3,199 ) Income before gain on sale of operating properties, net 4,499 982 3,517 Gain on sale of operating properties, net 3,363 3,489 (126 ) Consolidated net income 7,862 4,471 3,391 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (683 ) (139 ) (544 ) Net income attributable to Kite Realty Group Trust 7,179 4,332 2,847 Dividends on preferred shares (2,114 ) (2,114 ) - Net income attributable to common shareholders $ 5,065 $ 2,218 $ 2,847  Rental income (including tenant reimbursements) increased $43.7 million, or 108%, due to the following:   Net change 2014 ($ in thousands) to 2015 Properties acquired during 2014 and retained $ 40,872 Development properties that became operational or were partially operational in 2014 and/or 2015 574 Properties sold during 2014 and 2015 2,084 Properties under redevelopment during 2014 and/or 2015 (182 ) Properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 and other 323 Total $ 43,671  The properties acquired in connection with the merger with Inland Diversified contributed $40.9 million of rental income in the current quarter. The net increase of $2.1 million in rental income from properties sold during 2014 and 2015 is primarily due to the sale of Tranche II, as those properties were not acquired until the Merger with Inland Diversified on July 1, 2014. The net increase of $0.3 million in rental income for fully operational properties is primarily attributable to an improvement in small shop occupancy and an improvement in expense recoveries from tenants.  Other property related revenue primarily consists of parking revenues, overage rent, lease termination income and gains related to land sales. This revenue increased by $0.5 million, primarily as a result of higher lease termination income, offset by lower gains on land sales.  Property operating expenses increased $5.4 million, or 73.9%, due to the following:   Net change ($ in thousands) 2014 to 2015 Properties acquired during 2014 and retained $ 4,858 Development properties that became operational or were partially operational in 2014 and/or 2015 160 Properties sold during 2014 and 2015 264 Properties under redevelopment during 2014 and/or 2015 68 Properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 and other 59 Total $ 5,409  The net increase of $4.9 million in properties acquired during 2014 is attributable to the merger with Inland Diversified. The net increase of $0.1 million in properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 was due to higher maintenance and snow removal costs.  Real estate taxes increased $4.9 million, or 96.0%, due to the following:   Net change 2014 ($ in thousands) to 2015 Properties acquired during 2014 and retained $ 4,940 Development properties that became operational or were partially operational in 2014 and/or 2015 25 Properties sold during 2014 and 2015 149 Properties under redevelopment during 2014 and/or 2015 - Properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 and other (206 ) Total $ 4,908  The $4.9 million increase in real estate taxes for properties acquired during 2014 and 2015 is attributable to the merger with Inland Diversified. The net $0.2 million decrease in real estate taxes at properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 was due to successful appeals at certain properties. The majority of changes in our real estate tax expense is recoverable from tenants and, therefore, reflected in tenant reimbursement revenue.  General, administrative and other expenses increased $1.9 million, or 61.2%, due primarily to higher public company and personnel costs largely associated with the increased size of the Company. Specifically, our employee base increased 35.2% from 108 employees as of March 31, 2014 to 146 employees as of March 31, 2015.  Merger and acquisition costs in 2014 related almost entirely to our merger with Inland Diversified and totaled $4.5 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 compared to $0.2 million of costs for property acquisitions for the three months ended March 31, 2015.  Depreciation and amortization expense increased $23 million, or 131.9%, due to the following:   Net change 2014 ($ in thousands) to 2015 Properties acquired during 2014 and retained $ 20,804 Development properties that became operational or were partially operational in 2014 and/or 2015 698 Properties sold during 2014 and 2015 (218 ) Properties under redevelopment during 2014 and/or 2015 359 Properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 and other 1,352 Total $ 22,995  The net increase of $20.8 million in depreciation at properties acquired during 2014 is attributable to the merger with Inland Diversified. The net $1.4 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense at properties fully operational during 2014 and 2015 was due to an increase in anchor tenant openings.  Interest expense increased $6.6 million or 88.7%. The increase mainly resulted from our assumption of $859.6 million of debt as part of the merger with Inland Diversified. The increase was also due to certain development projects, including Delray Marketplace and Parkside Town Commons - Phase I becoming operational. As a portion of the project becomes operational, we expense pro-rata amount of related interest expense.  The allocation to net income of noncontrolling interests increased due to allocations to joint venture partners in certain consolidated properties acquired as part of the Merger. These partners are allocated income generally equal to the distribution received from the operations of the properties in which they hold an interest.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Overview  Our primary finance and capital strategy is to maintain a strong balance sheet with sufficient flexibility to fund our operating and investment activities in a cost-effective manner. We consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and when making decisions regarding additional borrowings or equity offerings, including the estimated value of properties to be developed or acquired, the estimated market value of our properties and the Company as a whole upon placement of the borrowing or offering, and the ability of particular properties to generate cash flow to cover debt service. We will continue to monitor the capital markets and may consider raising additional capital through the issuance of our common shares, unsecured debt securities, preferred shares, or other securities.  Our Principal Capital Resources  For a discussion of cash generated from operations, see "Cash Flows," beginning on page 38. In addition to cash generated from operations, we discuss below our other principal capital resources.  The increased asset base and operating cash flows of the Company have substantially enhanced our liquidity position and reduced our borrowing costs. We continue to focus on a balanced approach to growth and staggering debt maturities in order to retain our financial flexibility.  On March 12, 2015, we amended the terms of the Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "Amended Facility"). The amendment provided for the release of the subsidiary guarantees relating to the amended facility upon the satisfaction of specified conditions (the "Release Conditions"). The amendment also changed the calculation of unsecured debt interest expense, which is used for purposes of calculating the unsecured debt interest coverage ratio, to be the actual interest expense incurred. Previously, unsecured debt interest expense was the greater of the actual interest expense incurred and an implied expense based on an assumed 6.0% interest rate.  On March 17, 2015, upon satisfaction of the Release Conditions all of the subsidiary guarantees relating to the Amended Facility were released. As provided in the Amended Facility, if any subsidiary of the Operating Partnership becomes liable with respect to any unsecured indebtedness, that subsidiary is required to become a subsidiary guarantor under the Amended Facility.  As of March 31, 2015, we had approximately $282.4 million available for future borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. In addition, our unencumbered assets could provide approximately $147 million of additional borrowing capacity under the unsecured revolving credit facility.  We were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loan as of March 31, 2015.  Finally, we had $126.7 million in cash and cash equivalents as of March 31, 2015. This includes approximately $94.7 million of cash received from 2014 and 2015 property sales to potentially be utilized for future acquisitions. In April 2015, we utilized $25 million of these proceeds and a draw on our unsecured revolving credit facility to acquire Colleyville Downs in Dallas, Texas.  In the future, we may raise capital by disposing of properties, land parcels or other assets that are no longer core components of our growth strategy. The sale price may differ from our carrying value at the time of sale. We will also continue to monitor  the capital markets and may consider raising additional capital through the issuance of our common shares, preferred shares or other securities.  We derive the majority of our revenue from tenants who lease space from us at our properties. Therefore, our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent on the rents that we are able to charge and collect from our tenants. While we believe that the nature of the properties in which we typically invest-primarily neighborhood and community shopping centers-provides a relatively stable revenue flow in uncertain economic times, the recent economic downturn adversely affected the ability of some of our tenants to meet their lease obligations.  Our Principal Liquidity Needs  Short-Term Liquidity Needs  Near-Term Debt Maturities. As of March 31, 2015, we had a total of $74.0 million of debt scheduled to mature prior to December 31, 2015, excluding scheduled monthly principal payments. We have sufficient liquidity to repay these obligations from current resources and capacity on our unsecured revolving credit facility, but we are also evaluating financing alternatives to enable us to repay these loans.  Other Short-Term Liquidity Needs. The nature of our business, coupled with the requirements for qualifying for REIT status and in order to receive a tax deduction for some or all of the dividends paid to shareholders, necessitate that we distribute at least 90% of our taxable income on an annual basis, which will cause us to have substantial liquidity needs over both the short term and the long term. Our short-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay operating expenses associated with our operating properties, interest expense and scheduled principal payments on our debt, expected dividend payments to our common and preferred shareholders and to Common Unit holders, and recurring capital expenditures. In February 2015, our Board declared a quarterly cash distribution of $0.2725 per common share and Common Unit (totaling $23.2 million) for the quarter ended March 31, 2015. This distribution was paid on April 13, 2015 to common shareholders and Common Unit holders of record as of April 6, 2015. In February 2015, our Board declared a quarterly preferred share cash distribution of $0.515625 per Series A Preferred Share (or $2.1 million) covering the distribution period from December 2, 2014 to March 1, 2015 payable to shareholders of record as of February 17, 2015. This distribution was paid on March 1, 2015.  When we lease space to new tenants, or renew leases for existing tenants, we also incur expenditures for tenant improvements and external leasing . . .  Aug 04, 2015  (c) 1995-2015 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


5 of the best places to see the ‘Great American Eclipse’ on Aug. 21


McDonald’s earnings: Sales expected to be boosted by menu, franchisee changes


S&P futures edge up, as Biogen leads the way higher after earnings















Most Popular





The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





Americans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30





Alphabet earnings keep Google investors in dark





A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Credit


Currency


Markets


Supermarkets


Textiles


Gas Prices




Airlines


Oil


Currencies


U.S. Stocks


Retail


Federal Reserve




U.S. Dollar


United Kingdom


Europe


European Markets


Energy Stocks


Copper






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


Hill, David


Rather, Dan


Brin, Sergey


King, David




Lewis, Michael


Perry, Rick


Berlusconi, Silvio


McCain, John


Musk, Elon


Carter, Jimmy




Obama, Barack


Clinton, Bill


Jackson, Michael


Bloomberg, Michael


Putin, Vladimir


Snow, John






Companies in the news



Miners


Connor


American International Group


Lilly (Eli) & Co.


Dow Chemical


DuPont




Apple Inc.


American Manufacturing


Ford Motor


General Motors


Jones


3M Co




Bank of America Corp.


Caterpillar Inc.


Dow Jones & Co.


Google Inc.


McDonald's Corp.


News Corp.






Organizations in the news



European Union


Consumers Union


General Assembly


Small Business Administration


European Central Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market




World Bank


World Trade Organization


Bank of England


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Investment Company Institute


New York Stock Exchange




College Board


New York University


State University of New York


University of Massachusetts


University of Washington


Washington State University












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:37 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:36aHCA Healthcare Q2 same-facility admissions up 0.8%
8:35aHCA Healthcare affirms 2017 revenue outlook of $43.0 mln-$44.0 mln
8:35aHCA Healthcare cuts 2017 EPS outlook to $7.00-$7.30 from $7.20-$7.60
8:34aHCA Healthcare Q2 revenue $10.73 bln vs. $10.32 bln; FactSet consensus $10.76 bln
8:33aHCA Healthcare Q2 FactSet EPS consensus $1.80
8:33aTeaching people how to invest is one of the best marketing moves an adviser can make
8:32aHCA Healthcare Q2 EPS $1.75 vs. $1.65 a year ago
8:31aCaterpillar beats earnings views, lifts outlook
8:28aTintri started at overweight with $9 stock price target at KeyBanc Capital
8:28aNeuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
8:27aTintri started at outperform with $9 stock price target at Raymond James
8:27aWebMD downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
8:27aSpectranetics downgraded to market perform from outperform at Raymond James
8:26aSierra Bancorp upgraded to outperform from market perform at Raymond James
8:26aAlphabet stock price target raised to $1,030 from $1,020 at Raymond James
8:24aMcDonald's expects to net restaurant additions of 400 in 2017
8:23aMcDonald's expects to have 2,500 'experience of the future' restaurants in U.S. by end of 2017
8:19aBREAKINGCaterpillar, McDonald's stocks set to add about 65 points to Dow industrials
8:19aSeagate Technology's stock plunges after profit and sales miss, CEO change
8:19aNeuralstem stock halted on news of mid-stage clinical trial miss
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
















































