








Kent Kleeberger joins as Director on Aeropostale board












































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
Kent Kleeb...
Share 








PEOPLE





 Kent Kleeberger joins as Director on Aeropostale board





Prachi Singh |



Friday, August 14 2015	




Aeropostale has appointed Kent A. Kleeberger to serve as a Director on the
company's board. Kleeberger was designated to serve as a director by Sycamore
Partners Management LLC, which holds designation rights associated with
Aeropostale's May 2014 strategic partnership and financing transaction
with Sycamore
Partners. 
 "With more than 27 years of experience at several well-known retailers,
Kent brings a strong combination of retail, operational and financial
acumen to our board. We welcome him to Aeropostale and look forward to the
valuable insights he will share and the contributions he will make as we
continue to execute Aeropostale's turnaround," said Karin Hirtler-Garvey,
Chairperson of Aeropostale. 
 Kleeberger joins the Aeropostale board with more than 27 years of
retail, operational and financial experience. He served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer of Chico's from February 2011 to March
2015, after serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer of the retailer from November 2007 to January 2011. Prior to
that, Kleeberger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of Dollar Tree Stores, from July 2004 to October 2007.
Additionally, he held a number of positions at Tween Brands, from April 1998
to June 2004, including Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and board member through February 2004.
Prior to his retail career, Kleeberger was a Certified Public Accountant
with KPMG for 13 years. He is also a member of the board of directors of Shoe
Carnival, where he serves on the compensation and nominating and corporate
governance committees and as Chairman of the audit committee. 






Aeropostale	



kent kleeberger	







 Prev	



Next  









(advertisement)	


Related news



Jabong introduces Aèropostale product range in India





Joint bid by Simon and GGP will keep 229 Aeropostale stores open





Shopping centre operator Simon Property Group to the Aeropostale’s rescue





Aeropostale up for grabs: Sycamore forces the retailer into an auction





Aeropostale blames Sycamore to plot a “loan to own” scheme to force bankruptcy









Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


Stella McCartney highlights waste in new ad campaign




MAP: The Top 10 Fastest Growing Prime Retail Streets




Battle of the Bra: Lululemon sues Under Armour over sports bra design




Veerah moves forward with eco-conscious women's shoes




Amazon launches Spark, with shoppable images















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.


















Fashion people and news



























Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.






















NEWS FashionRetailBusinessCulturePeopleFairsExecutive newsEducation newsTagsJOBS Find a jobFind an internshipPost a vacancyDiscover employersNETWORK My passportForumLookbookEVENTSDATA Top 100StatisticsBusiness DataTRENDS USA ArgentinaAustraliaBelgiumCanadaChileChinaColombiaFranceGermanyIndiaItalyMéxicoNew zealandPerúRussiaSpainSwitzerlandThe NetherlandsUnited Kingdom  













https://fashionunited.info











(advertisement) 









 

 

 

 

 








(advertisement)	















Home
People
Share 









Courrèges parts ways with creative directors




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



French fashion house Courrèges on Thursday stated it is parting ways with
its design duo Sébastien Meyer and Arnaud Vaillant.


Meyer and Vaillant were only in the role for four seasons, or two years,
and left by mutual agreement.


“They have accomplished the goal to reinterpret the house codes and
distinctive shapes that are synonym of the brand uniqueness and innovative
spirit,” the house said in a statement. “The two designers will now focus
on new creative projects.”


François Le Ménahèze, appointed president of Courrèges in April, will
reveal the brand’s new creative leadership, the statement said.


In 2015 Artémis SA, French billionaire François Pinault’s family holding
company, acquired a 30 percent stake in the company. At the time Courrèges
staged its first catwalk show after a 13 year hiatus, marking the debut of
Meyer and Vaillant as artistic directors of women’s wear.

Photo credit: Courreges AW17, source: www.courreges.fr











Katie Grand joins W Magazine after Enninful departure




Don-Alvin Adegeest  |



Thursday, July 20 2017 



W Magazine have announced British stylist Katie Grand as its new
contributing fashion editor. Grand takes over from Edward Enninful who
begins as the new editor in chief of British Vogue next month.


Grand, who will maintain her role as editor in chief of biannual
publication Love Magazine, a fashion bible she founded and is also
published by Condé Nast, stated: " I've bought W since I first started
buying magazines. It's a great American magazine with so much fantastic
history."


Grand will style fashion stories and work alongside W's editor in chief
Stefano Tonchi. Grand is thought to have been in the running to replace
Shulman, but was pipped to the post by Enninful, a successful editor and
stylist in his own right.


Tonchi told Business of Fashion: "A lot of people don't want to pinned down
in a specific place," citing Grand's many projects across editorial
(contributing to Vogue Paris and Italia) and advertising (for Louis
Vuitton, Prada, Miu Miu, Loewe) and creative partnership with Marc Jacobs.
"I started thinking about a structure that would let talent come in and
give their best, and also to have a more kind of reliable core here at the
magazine."


W magazine was first published in 1971 and was purchased by Condé Nast from
Fairchild Publications in 1999. The magazine is an oversized format, larger
than standard magazines and has a circulation of approximately 500,000.












Maureen Chiquet nominated to Canada Goose board




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Thursday, July 20 2017 


Former Chanel chief executive Maureen Chiquet has been nominated to the
Canada Goose board of directors as an independent director.
Outerwear specialist Canada Goose states that Chiquet will bring a
“global vision, international leadership and deep luxury acumen” to the
board, as the brand continues its global expansion that includes the
opening of its first European flagship store in London this autumn.
“Maureen is a highly-regarded industry trailblazer and we are thrilled
to welcome her to our team as we grow our Board with the right people and
the right skills to help us leverage the opportunities that lie ahead,”
said Dani Reiss, president and chief executive of Canada Goose. “Her deep
expertise in growing businesses on an international scale, and extensive
track record of sustaining brand excellence will be invaluable as we
continue to expand our global footprint and build an enduring legacy.”
Chiquet, who was Chanel’s first global chief executive overseeing the
business and brand’s world-wide expansion for nearly a decade, brings more
than 30 years of retail industry experience to the Canada Goose board and
is expected to provide strong product, marketing, and business operations
expertise.
“I have long admired Canada Goose for its dedication to authenticity,
quality and craftsmanship and I am honoured to be a part of such a highly
coveted global brand as it embarks on its next chapter of growth. I look
forward to joining this winning team and to supporting Canada Goose’s
exciting future,” added Chiquet.
Chiquet will be nominated for election to the Board of Directors at
Canada Goose’s Annual General Meeting, which is scheduled to take place on
August 15 in Toronto.











Karren Brady to chair Arcadia’s parent company




Danielle Wightman-Stone |



Tuesday, July 18 2017 


Baroness Karren Brady, the boss of West Ham United and a judge on
reality TV show The Apprentice, has been appointed as non-executive
chairman of Taveta, the parent company of Sir Philip Green’s fashion
retailer empire Arcadia. 
Brady will replace Lord Grabiner as non-executive chairman immediately,
as he has announced that he is stepping down from the board after 15 years.
Grabiner was heavily criticised by a committee of MPs with regard to the
collapse of BHS for his “weak corporate governance”. 
In a statement Sir Philip Green said: “I am delighted to announce that
Baroness Karren Brady will be appointed as non-executive Chairman. Baroness
Brady joined the Taveta Board as a non-executive Director in September 2010
and will assume the role immediately.” 
Taveta names Baroness Karren Brady as non-executive chairman
Taveta is the Green family firm, owned by the retail mogul and his wife
Tina that controls Arcadia, the umbrella company that owns fashion chains
Topshop, Topman, Miss Selfridge, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Burton, Wallis,
and Outfit. Arcadia has an annual turnover in excess of 2 billion pounds
and employs more than 24,000 people globally. 
Commenting on her appointment, Brady said: “It is a privilege to have
been invited to chair the Board and I look forward to working with my
colleagues as we concentrate on driving the Arcadia brands forward on their
global expansion.” 
Brady takes over as chair at a tricky time for the retail group as it
recently reported lower sales and profits with falling sales and increased
costs linked to the collapse of BHS. Taveta reported that pre-tax profits
for the Arcadia group plummeted from 172 million pounds to 37 million
pounds in the year ended August 27, 2016, with total turnover down 17
percent to 2.02 billion pounds. 
Image: courtesy of Topshop 











20 years after Gianni's murder, Versace has rediscovered its soul




AFP |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Twenty years ago, stylist Gianni Versace was
gunned down in Miami, plunging his fashion house into crisis. Two decades
on,
it is one of the world's top global luxury brands thanks to his little
sister,
Donatella.

He had gone out for the morning papers: as Versace returned to his Miami
beach mansion on July 15, 1997, he was shot dead by Andrew Cunanan, a
homosexual prostitute known for his obsession with all things luxury.
The fashion world mourned deeply. The stylist to celebrities from Madonna
to Elton John had been just 50 years old.

"He was a 360-degrees creator, a real artist, he had a pure creative
vision
on colours and materials," Stefania Saviolo, director of the luxury and
fashion centre at Bocconi University, told AFP In Milan.
The group he had created with his brother Santo in 1978 had been one of
the
hottest fashion brands in the world.

It fell to Versace's platinum blonde sister Donatella -- to whom Gianni
had
entrusted the casual line Versus -- to take over as artistic director.
But the brand struggled to recover from Versace's murder. Donatella, who
had worked for 14 years alongside Gianni, was severely affected by the loss
of
her brother and confessed to feeling "vulnerable".

Depression and cocaine 

"You can't invent yourself as an artistic director overnight," says
Saviolo, particularly as Donatella took over "at a time when fashion was
changing a lot, with many collections and great pressure on artistic
directors".

Donatella, instantly recognisable for her famous locks and perpetual tan,
sank into a period of depression and cocaine use before detoxifying in 2005.
The year before, the brand had acquired a new CEO in Giancarlo Di Risio.
The former Fendi boss refocused the Medusa on the luxury market,
streamlining
licensing and franchising deals and developing the accessories range.

Amid rumours in the press of a fall-out between the family and Di Risio
over planned cuts, he was replaced in 2009 by Gian Giacomo Ferraris, who
moved
over from the Jil Sander fashion house.
Ferraris wasted no time in launching an extensive reorganisation plan to
return Versace to profitability, cutting 25 percent of its workforce and
closing some boutiques before opening new ones as the books improved.

His intervention "doubled the turnover, which rose from 268 million euros
in 2009 to 645 million in 2015," according to David Pambianco, who heads up
a
consultancy company in his name.
By 2011 the historic brand had returned to profit after a gruelling three
years of losses.


'So much potential'

"The right balance was struck between Ferraris and Donatella, the
dialogue
between them was good and there was great respect for Donatella's creativity
and vision," Saviolo said.
The family, which had always refused to relinquish control to a luxury
conglomerate like so many of its fellow Italian fashion houses, finally
yielded a 20 percent stake in 2014 to the US private equity firm
Blackstone.

The move, which Donatella said would allow Versace to "achieve its
potential", resulted in a cash injection into the luxury designer and
boosted
its presence in emerging markets.
The bet paid off: despite a difficult global context, sales increased by
some 17 percent in 2014 and in 2015.

The house said it was time to "move onto the next phase" and Ferraris was
replaced in May 2016 by Jonathan Akeroyd, former CEO of Alexander McQueen.
Results last year were mixed, with sales up 3.7 percent to 668 million
euros but the company admitting a loss of 7.4 million euros due in
particular
to funds sunk into its network of boutiques.

These results "have caused some uncertainty", but "the company is
healthy,
certainly more than 10 years ago," said Pambianco.
"Versace remains one of the most beautiful brands in the world in the
luxury sector" and has "still so much potential to express", he said,
pointing
out that luxury house Gucci for example "has a turnover that is seven times
higher".

Saviolo agrees: "Versace has recovered its lost "red carpet DNA" and its
style is currently "very daring, very strong." (AFP) 

Photo: Versace AW17, Catwalkpictures












Laura Chaplin is new CmiA ambassador




Simone Preuss |



Friday, July 14 2017 


Laura Chaplin, granddaughter of world-famous actor Charlie Chaplin, is
the new ambassador of Cotton made in Africa (CmiA). The young fashion
designer wants to support the initiative for sustainable cotton farming
through her label 'Smile by Laura Chaplin'. 
“I really wanted to be ambassador for Cotton made in Africa, because we
share the same values. We want to make the world a happier place”, explains
Chaplin her decision to support Cotton made in Africa and the 695,000
smallholder cotton farmers in Sub-Saharan Africa CmiA is working with. 
In addition, the designer in whose life creative art has always played a
predominant role and whose label is characterised by a positive way of life
and humanity, is inspired in her work by the initiative and by the beauty
of Africa. “ Cotton made in Africa had a great influence on my designs.
With them I want to give people along the textile chain a reason to smile -
from the farmer to the consumer.”
“Laura Chaplin and Cotton made in Africa are united in their goal to
improve the living and working conditions of cotton farmers and to promote
nature conservation in Africa. Together, we want to spread a smile around
the world - for the farmers, nature and consumers alike”, confirms CmiA's
managing director Tina Stridde, who feels honoured to work with Chaplin.

In this video interview, Laura Chaplin talks about her life, her new
label Smile by Laura Chaplin and her role as CmiA ambassador. 



Photo: Laura Chaplin / Cotton made in Africa











Thousands of surfers come together to honour the late Jack O'Neill




Vivian Hendriksz |



Tuesday, July 11 2017 



Thousands of surfers came together in several locations around the globe to
honour the life of the legendary adventurer and entrepreneur Jack O'Neill.


Surfers at O'Neill, the man behind the surfwear inspired brand O'Neill, led
the honorary proceedings on Sunday and Monday, as simultaneous paddle outs
took place in Australia, Canada, Portugal, England, Belgium, France, the
Netherlands, Japan and South Africa.


Fans of the brand felt there was no better way to honour the man who 'just
wanted to surf longer.' "For all of us floating out here, some of the best
moments of our lives have been spent in the water – waiting under the great
dome of sky and catching that perfect wave that has taken us to where we
need to be," said Shaun Tomson, a former world champion surfer and close
friend of O'Neill and his family.


O'Neill has been credited with inventing the first neoprene surf and
bodysurfing wetsuits prior to opening his first surf shop near Ocean Beach,
San Francisco. Afterwards, he moved to Santa Cruz, where he opened his next
surf shop, thereby coining the phrase. Since then the surf, snow and
lifestyle brand has expanded across the globe to offer its products to
wider audience.













Dune London’s CEO John Egan steps down




Prachi Singh |



Monday, July 03 2017 


The Dune Group has announced after around nine years as the CEO, John
Egan will be leaving his full-time role and move to a non-executive
director’s role within Dune Holdings business. The company said, James Cox
will now be appointed CEO on Egan’s departure at the end of August. 
Executive Chairman Daniel Rubin said in a statement, “John has made a
huge contribution to the group over the years. He played a major role in
the acquisition of Shoe Studio in 2009, which trebled the size of the
business, and since then has expertly guided the business through major
growth, both in the UK and internationally, during a period of major change
both for The Dune Group and the retail sector generally.”
The company added in a statement that Cox has been COO since 2013 when
he was promoted from the role of finance director. He has been responsible
for providing The Dune Group with first class operating systems as well as
ensuring that it has a strong financial base.
“It has been a privilege to lead the Dune business during a period of
incredible sales and profit growth with a talented senior management team.
I look forward to my continuing relationship with the business as a
non-executive director,” added Egan.
Picture:Dune London PR Shots











Menswear designer to watch out for: Paul Helbers




Esmee Blaazer |



Monday, July 03 2017 


For years, Paul Helbers was among the top menswear
designers, working for brands like Louis Vuitton and Martin Margiela. Last
year he took a step back and launched his own menswear line ‘Helbers’. His
first two collections have been well-received by major fashion retailers in
France, the United Kingdom and the United States.
”It isn’t possible to entirely impose your own taste on large department
stores,” Helbers told Fashionweek.nl in an interview earlier this year. “My
approach now is smaller and more personal and I can pay more attention to a
product than I could at a large brand. Furthermore, the word ‘luxury’ is no
longer part of my vocabulary. In that sense, our clients are very different
compared to Louis Vuitton.”
    collarless flight jacket in cotton
satin – spring summer 18 photo @ChristopheBerlet #Helbers #quilting
#seb A post shared by Helbers
(@helbersparis) on Jun 27, 2017 at 12:09am PDT blockquote> Paul Helbers’ eponymous brand is well received
Helbers made his debut in Paris last year with his collection of formal
and casual menswear, which includes chunky knits, trousers, jackets and
shoes in the mid to high segment. Prices range from 300 euros for a shirt
to 2,500 euros for a coat. His second collection built on this style, but
included lighter materials and looser details. The products were already
available at Barneys in New York, Mr. Porter and Matches Fashion.
>p>In an interview with Fashionista he described his target group as
‘people who care about clothes and want a certain effortlessness’. “I don’t
really have an age in mind when I design, it’s more about personality than
fashion; a collection in which you find self-expression, without losing
your own identity, without becoming a fashion victim.”
Paul Helbers: From consultant to designer for major fashion houses
Helbers worked as a designer for Maison Martin Margiela for five years
before joining Louis Vuitton, where he worked under Marc Jacobs in the
menswear division. Before kicking off his career working for major fashion
houses, Helbers graduated from the Royal College of Art in London and went
to work for the now discontinued fashion chain Mac & Maggie in Amsterdam.
“It was what H&M is today,” Helbers said of the brand.
Following his time there, he joined forces with several Mac & Maggie
colleagues to launch the tailored sportswear collection called Inch. “It
was very Dutch. I come from the Netherlands, and when you fly over the
country, you see that it too is very much designed. Every square inch is
cultivated, and that was also the idea behind the collection,” Helbers told
Fashionista. Eventually he quit the label and started to work as a menswear
designer in the Netherlands. Not long after, he received a call from
Margiela asking him to join the brand as a designer.
His time at Margiela was a major learning process for Helbers, because –
as he tells it – he was confronted with a designer who ‘ultimately makes
both clothing and fashion’. “I also learned to think before drawing,
instead of simply producing and reworking. You follow the entire process of
conceptualization,” Helbers revealed.
Paul Helbers takes step back with launch of eponymous fashion label
When Helbers joined Louis Vuitton in 2005, menswear collections were
still rather inconsequential. In the time he worked for the fashion house,
he was able to double menswear’s revenues.
After leaving Louis Vuitton in 2011, Helbers became a consultant for a
range of fashion brands, including Chinese cashmere manufacturer Erdos. In
the meantime, he also laid down the groundwork for his own brand. Not only
did he look for partners, he also explored the way in which his collections
would be manufactured. “Where and how my clothing is made is very important
to me,” Helbers said.
 Helbers chose to launch his own brand because he has a very specific
methodology. “My inspiration often arises from a historic perspective; the
workshops I worked with are all as old as my inspirational images,” he told
Fashionweek.nl. “I often enter into a very close working relationship with
workshops, which ensures that traditional craftsmanship is given new life
and becomes connected with the present. This methodology is hard to find
among existing brands, because there the focus is usually on the research
of the product,” he explained in the interview.
Helbers’ use of athleisure features in his collections is not
arbitrary. Most recently, he worked in a consultancy capacity for
Milan-based womenswear athleisure brand Callens & Co, where he found
inspiration for his own brand. “In the end, people can only ever do one
thing. I’m a one-trick pony. In the nineties, I had already based my own
label on materials for sportswear, but I didn’t yet have the experience I
garnered working for Louis Vuitton and Margiela. Since then, I have learned
how to use materials without losing their elegance,” he revealed to
Fashionista. According to the designer, the latter has proved to be an
advantage. “I think that nowadays there is more room to explore this side
of fashion than in the past. People travel more, their lives are more
dynamic, and so the functionality of the collection emphasizes the way of
life.”
Helbers told Fashionweek.nl that we can expect an expansion of this
current collection with accessories. “The goal is to someday open our own
stores.” These would also offer items like glassware, porcelain and books.
“I want to expand and delve deeper.”
  
Read also:  
Menswear designer to watch out for: Virgil Abloh from Off-White



Menswear designer to watch out for: Gosha Rubchinskiy


 




During the month of June FashionUnited will focus on the menswear catwalk
season. For all reads, click here.


Image: Helbers











Philipp Plein names new CFO and COO




Kristopher Fraser |



Thursday, June 29 2017 



Edwin Navez has recently been appointed CFO and COO of the Lugano based
Philipp Plein Group, the rapidly expanding company founded by German
designer and entrepreneur Philipp Plein.


Navez, a seasoned finance expert, brings with him a vast experience
accumulated in publicly listed companies engaged in various fields from
engineering to pharmaceuticals, as well as in his recent top financial
positions at Michael Kors Europe and Gianni Versace.


His unique experience in problem solving, process improvement and
optimization will be an advantage for the dynamic group which is expected
to surpass a turnover of 300,000,000 Euros in 2017.


Philipp Plein has been working on expanding its international presence.


Last February, the brand opted to show at New York Fashion Week, to help
bring more attention to their American presence. Plein himself is known to
be spotted at his Madison Avenue boutique, where he also gets to see what
his customers really want.


The increased celebrity following for his brand is also helping him boost
sales and increase media exposure. Paris Hilton, Nas and Keyshia Cole are
all known fans of the brand.







 Page 1 of 68 
1234...678910 







(advertisement)	







Job of the week 



Sales Associate - Woodbury Common, NY

Reiss

APPLY NOW






MORE NEWS




UBM Fashion opens its door to first ever consumer-facing show







Czech Republic latest country to ban fur farms







Abercrombie & Fitch to launch on Alibaba’s TMall







Kinnevik NAV improves 3 percent, provides update on new investments







Find Me A Shoe unveils new personalized shoe shopping method







(advertisement)	






Latest jobs

 


Most read


Stella McCartney highlights waste in new ad campaign




MAP: The Top 10 Fastest Growing Prime Retail Streets




Battle of the Bra: Lululemon sues Under Armour over sports bra design




Veerah moves forward with eco-conscious women's shoes




Amazon launches Spark, with shoppable images















Fashion Jobs and Fashion News in the USA

Fashion jobs, Fashion news and all other possible information about the fashion world fashion professionals need. Fashion jobs in the United States of America, New York, Los Angeles, Miami and a Fashion News archive and links to international fashion jobs.

Fashion jobs categories

The fashion career center is the best place to look for a job in fashion. Fashion jobs listed at FashionUnited include, retail management jobs, in store jobs, sales jobs, marketing jobs, design jobs, creative jobs, product and supply chain jobs, internships, traineeships, and international jobs in fashion.

Fashion news sections

FashionUnited offers a complete and comprehensive overview for the fashion industry covering all the fashion news, fashion headlines, fashion daily news, trends, fashion weeks, catwalks, fashion industry statistics, fashion education news, and executive news in Fashion.

Career in fashion

Looking for a job in fashion? FashionUnited is the leading destination for people working in fashion. Find jobs, internships, international fashion jobs, career tips, or post your fashion job on the job network.

Fashion World information

Looking for information about the fashion world? FashionUnited provides detailed information about the apparel industry world wide. 80 per cent of the biggest companies in fashion use the services focused on fashion professionals only.


































 



 Aeropostale, Inc. Announces Addition Of Kent A. Kleeberger To Its Board Of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Aeropostale, Inc. Announces Addition Of Kent A. Kleeberger To Its Board Of Directors

Aug 13, 2015, 16:01 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Aeropostale, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEW YORK, Aug. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Aeropostale, Inc. (NYSE:   ARO), a mall-based specialty retailer of casual and active apparel for young women and men, today announced that Kent A. Kleeberger has been appointed to serve as a director on the Company's Board of Directors.  Mr. Kleeberger was designated to serve as a director by Sycamore Partners Management LLC, which holds designation rights associated with Aeropostale's May 2014 strategic partnership and financing transaction with Sycamore Partners.
Mr. Kleeberger joins the Aeropostale board with more than 27 years of retail, operational and financial experience.  Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Chico's FAS Inc. from February 2011 to March 2015, after serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the retailer from November 2007 to January 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Kleeberger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. from July 2004 to October 2007. Additionally, Mr. Kleeberger held a number of positions at Tween Brands, Inc. (formerly Too, Inc.) from April 1998 to June 2004, including Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and board member through February 2004. Prior to his retail career, Mr. Kleeberger was a Certified Public Accountant with KPMG for 13 years.  Mr. Kleeberger is also a member of the board of directors of Shoe Carnival, Inc., where he serves on the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees and as chairman of the audit committee.
Karin Hirtler-Garvey, Chairperson of Aeropostale, Inc., commented, "With more than 27 years of experience at several well known retailers, Kent brings a strong combination of retail, operational and financial acumen to our Board.  We welcome Kent to Aeropostale and look forward to the valuable insights he will share and the contributions he will make as we continue to execute Aeropostale's turnaround."
About Aeropostale, Inc.
Aeropostale, Inc. is a specialty retailer of casual apparel and accessories, principally targeting 14 to 17 year-old young women and men through its Aeropostale stores and website and 4 to 12 year-olds through its P.S. from Aeropostale stores and website.  The Company provides customers with a focused selection of high quality fashion and fashion basic merchandise at compelling values in an exciting and customer friendly store environment.  Aeropostale maintains control over its proprietary brands by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling all of its own merchandise, other than in licensed stores.  Aeropostale products can be purchased in Aeropostale stores and online at www.aeropostale.com.  P.S. from Aeropostale products can be purchased in P.S. from Aeropostale stores, in certain Aeropostale stores and online at www.ps4u.com and www.aeropostale.com. The Company currently operates 759 Aeropostale® stores in 50 states and Puerto Rico, 41 Aeropostale stores in Canada and 26 P.S. from Aeropostale® stores in 12 states. In addition, pursuant to various licensing agreements, the Company's licensees currently operate 287 Aeropostale® and P.S. from Aeropostale® locations in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, and Latin America.  Since November 2012, Aeropostale, Inc. has operated GoJane.com, an online women's fashion footwear and apparel retailer.  GoJane products can be purchased online at www.gojane.com.
SPECIAL NOTE: THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ORAL STATEMENTS MADE FROM TIME TO TIME BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE COMPANY CONTAIN CERTAIN "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" CONCERNING EXPECTATIONS FOR SALES, STORE OPENINGS, GROSS MARGINS, EXPENSES, STRATEGIC DIRECTION AND EARNINGS.  ACTUAL RESULTS MIGHT DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE PROJECTED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. AMONG THE FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO MATERIALLY DIFFER INCLUDE, CHANGES IN THE COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE, INCLUDING THE INTRODUCTION OF NEW PRODUCTS OR PRICING CHANGES BY OUR COMPETITORS, CHANGES IN THE ECONOMY AND OTHER EVENTS LEADING TO A REDUCTION IN DISCRETIONARY CONSUMER SPENDING; SEASONALITY; RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN SOCIAL, POLITICAL, ECONOMIC AND OTHER CONDITIONS AND THE POSSIBLE ADVERSE IMPACT OF CHANGES IN IMPORT RESTRICTIONS; RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH UNCERTAINTY RELATING TO THE COMPANY'S ABILITY TO IMPLEMENT ITS TURNAROUND  STRATEGIES, AS WELL AS THE OTHER RISK FACTORS SET FORTH IN THE COMPANY'S FORM 10-K AND QUARTERLY REPORTS ON FORM 10-Q, FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. THE COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS TO REFLECT SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
Company Contact: 
Susan Lewis/VP, Investor & Media Relations 
(646) 364-0215 or slewis@aeropostale.com
Media Contact: 
Effie Veres, FTI Consulting
(212) 850-5676
 SOURCE  Aeropostale, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.aeropostale.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Aug 27, 2015, 16:01 ET
Preview: Aeropostale Reports Results for Second Quarter of Fiscal 2015













Aug 13, 2015, 12:01 ET
Preview: Aeropostale To Announce Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Kent A. Kleeberger - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Kent A. Kleeberger
Board Chair at Christopher & Banks Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you Kent A. Kleeberger? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kent A. Kleeberger's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kent A. Kleeberger's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kent A. Kleeberger's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kent A. Kleeberger through your network of contacts.
												








Kent A. Kleeberger's Executive Work History


Current


Board Chair, 
Christopher & Banks Corporation


Board Member, 
Shoe Carnival, Inc.


Past
To view Kent A. Kleeberger's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
65

 
 


Kent A. Kleeberger's Biography



Mr. Kleeberger presently is a self-employed consultant.  From February 2011 until March 2015, Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of Chico's FAS Inc., a publicly traded specialty apparel retailer.  Prior to that, from November 2007 until January 2011, Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Chico's FAS Inc.  From July 2004 until October 2007, Mr. Kleeberger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Dollar Tree Stores, Inc., a publicly traded single price-point retailer.  From April 1998 until June 2004, he served in various positio ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Kleeberger presently is a self-employed consultant.  From February 2011 until March 2015, Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of Chico's FAS Inc., a publicly traded specialty apparel retailer.  Prior to that, from November 2007 until January 2011, Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Chico's FAS Inc.  From July 2004 until October 2007, Mr. Kleeberger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Dollar Tree Stores, Inc., a publicly traded single price-point retailer.  From April 1998 until June 2004, he served in various positions with Tween Brands, Inc. (formerly Too, Inc.), a publicly traded apparel retailer, including as Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary and also served as a director from February 2000 until March 2004.  Mr. Kleeberger also serves as a director of Christopher & Banks Corporation, a publicly traded apparel retailer, since June 2016 and served as a director of A�ropostale, Inc., a publicly traded apparel retailer, from August 2015 until February 2016.
  
 Mr. Kleeberger's areas of relevant experience include tax, financial reporting, accounting and controls, insurance and risk management, economic indicators and issues, marketing/branding and government regulation.
		
Source: Shoe Carnival, Inc. on 05/04/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Kent A. Kleeberger's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Kent A. Kleeberger. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Kent A. Kleeberger's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Kent A. Kleeberger's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Kent A. Kleeberger through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Kent A. Kleeberger


















Kent A. Kleeberger's Connections (115)





Sign up now to view Kent A. Kleeberger's 115 connections »









Lisa W. Wardell
President and Chief Executive Officer, Adtalem Global Education Inc.









Thomas E. Whiddon
Board Member, Sonoco Products Company









Lemuel E. Lewis
Board Member, Markel Corporation









Laura A. Weil
Board Member, Carnival









Clifton E. Sifford
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Shoe Carnival, Inc.









Jeffrey C. Gerstel
Board Member, Shoe Carnival, Inc.









David B. Vermylen
Board Member, Aeropostale, Inc.









Timothy T. Baker
Executive Vice President, Store Operations, Shoe Carnival, Inc.









Andrea M. Weiss
Board Member, Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.









A. Alexander Rhodes
Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary, Tailored Brands, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993
















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.













Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 574000390112102475-237487399171392120









Aeropostale, Inc. Announces Addition Of Kent A. Kleeberger To Its Board Of Directors

















































Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In



























Data 

Stocks
Events Calendar
Sectors
Investment Strategies
ETFs
CEFs
Mutual Funds
Indices
Economic Indicators
Economic Calendar
News



Tools 

Dashboard
Fundamental Chart
Technical Chart
Equity Screener
Fund Screener
Comp Tables
Timeseries Analysis
Excel
API



Support 

Support Topics
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Careers
Financial Glossary


Plans
Free Trial
Sign In

 



Free Trial
Sign In











Aeropostale, Inc. Announces Addition Of Kent A. Kleeberger To Its Board Of Directors

August 13, 2015 16:01

NEW YORK, Aug. 13, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Aeropostale, Inc. (NYSE: ARO), a mall-based specialty retailer of casual and active apparel for young women and men, today announced that Kent A. Kleeberger has been appointed to serve as a director on the Company's Board of Directors.  Mr. Kleeberger was designated to serve as a director by Sycamore Partners Management LLC, which holds designation rights associated with Aeropostale's May 2014 strategic partnership and financing transaction with Sycamore Partners.Mr. Kleeberger joins the Aeropostale board with more than 27 years of retail, operational and financial experience.  Mr. Kleeberger served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Chico's FAS Inc. from February 2011 to March 2015, after serving as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the retailer from November 2007 to January 2011. Prior to that, Mr. Kleeberger served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dollar Tree Stores, Inc. from July 2004 to October 2007. Additionally, Mr. Kleeberger held a number of positions at Tween Brands, Inc. (formerly Too, Inc.) from April 1998 to June 2004, including Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, and board member through February 2004. Prior to his retail career, Mr. Kleeberger was a Certified Public Accountant with KPMG for 13 years.  Mr. Kleeberger is also a member of the board of directors of Shoe Carnival, Inc., where he serves on the compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees and as chairman of the audit committee.Karin Hirtler-Garvey, Chairperson of Aeropostale, Inc., commented, "With more than 27 years of experience at several well known retailers, Kent brings a strong combination of retail, operational and financial acumen to our Board.  We welcome Kent to Aeropostale and look forward to the valuable insights he will share and the contributions he will make as we continue to execute Aeropostale's turnaround."About Aeropostale, Inc.Aeropostale, Inc. is a specialty retailer of casual apparel and accessories, principally targeting 14 to 17 year-old young women and men through its Aeropostale stores and website and 4 to 12 year-olds through its P.S. from Aeropostale stores and website.  The Company provides customers with a focused selection of high quality fashion and fashion basic merchandise at compelling values in an exciting and customer friendly store environment.  Aeropostale maintains control over its proprietary brands by designing, sourcing, marketing and selling all of its own merchandise, other than in licensed stores.  Aeropostale products can be purchased in Aeropostale stores and online at www.aeropostale.com.  P.S. from Aeropostale products can be purchased in P.S. from Aeropostale stores, in certain Aeropostale stores and online at www.ps4u.com and www.aeropostale.com. The Company currently operates 759 Aeropostale® stores in 50 states and Puerto Rico, 41 Aeropostale stores in Canada and 26 P.S. from Aeropostale® stores in 12 states. In addition, pursuant to various licensing agreements, the Company's licensees currently operate 287 Aeropostale® and P.S. from Aeropostale® locations in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, and Latin America.  Since November 2012, Aeropostale, Inc. has operated GoJane.com, an online women's fashion footwear and apparel retailer.  GoJane products can be purchased online at www.gojane.com.SPECIAL NOTE: THIS PRESS RELEASE AND ORAL STATEMENTS MADE FROM TIME TO TIME BY REPRESENTATIVES OF THE COMPANY CONTAIN CERTAIN "FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS" CONCERNING EXPECTATIONS FOR SALES, STORE OPENINGS, GROSS MARGINS, EXPENSES, STRATEGIC DIRECTION AND EARNINGS.  ACTUAL RESULTS MIGHT DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THOSE PROJECTED IN THE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. AMONG THE FACTORS THAT COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO MATERIALLY DIFFER INCLUDE, CHANGES IN THE COMPETITIVE MARKETPLACE, INCLUDING THE INTRODUCTION OF NEW PRODUCTS OR PRICING CHANGES BY OUR COMPETITORS, CHANGES IN THE ECONOMY AND OTHER EVENTS LEADING TO A REDUCTION IN DISCRETIONARY CONSUMER SPENDING; SEASONALITY; RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH CHANGES IN SOCIAL, POLITICAL, ECONOMIC AND OTHER CONDITIONS AND THE POSSIBLE ADVERSE IMPACT OF CHANGES IN IMPORT RESTRICTIONS; RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH UNCERTAINTY RELATING TO THE COMPANY'S ABILITY TO IMPLEMENT ITS TURNAROUND  STRATEGIES, AS WELL AS THE OTHER RISK FACTORS SET FORTH IN THE COMPANY'S FORM 10-K AND QUARTERLY REPORTS ON FORM 10-Q, FILED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION. THE COMPANY UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS TO REFLECT SUBSEQUENT EVENTSCompany Contact: Susan Lewis/VP, Investor & Media Relations (646) 364-0215 or slewis@aeropostale.comMedia Contact: Effie Veres, FTI Consulting(212) 850-5676To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aeropostale-inc-announces-addition-of-kent-a-kleeberger-to-its-board-of-directors-300128345.htmlSOURCE  Aeropostale, Inc. 




Related Stories


Aeropostale, Inc. Announces Addition Of Kent A. Kleeberger To Its Board Of Directors
PR Newswire
            08/13 16:01 ET
        

Aeropostale To Announce Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results
PR Newswire
            08/13 12:01 ET
        

Aeropostale stung by UBS downgrade
SA Breaking News
            07/29 09:33 ET
        

Aria Partners makes big bet on Aeropostale
SA Breaking News
            07/27 13:48 ET
        

Technical Briefing on Apparel Stores Stocks -- Chico's FAS, Aeropostale, L. Brands, ANN INC., and Nordstrom
PR Newswire
            07/21 09:00 ET
        

Retail headache: Apparel buying shift to Amazon
SA Breaking News
            07/20 13:38 ET
        

Mall retailers lower after retail sales report disappoints
SA Breaking News
            07/14 15:09 ET
        

Midday Gainers / Losers
SA Breaking News
            07/02 12:45 ET
        

Aeropostale Continues Aggressive Expansion In Asia With New Licensing Agreements In India And Indonesia
PR Newswire
            07/02 08:00 ET
        

New overtime wage proposal looms large in retail sector
SA Breaking News
            06/30 08:08 ET
        



Advertisement














{{root.upsell.info.feature_headline}}.

            {{root.upsell.info.feature_description}}
            
Please note that this feature is only available as an add-on to YCharts subscriptions.
            

Please note that this feature requires full activation of your account and is not permitted during the free trial period.
            













            {{root.upsell.info.call_to_action}}
        

            No credit card required.
        


Already a subscriber?
Sign in.
            










































 



 Chico’s FAS, Inc. Appoints Kent A. Kleeberger Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer 
         










    










 






 











 









Chico's FAS, Inc. Appoints Kent A. Kleeberger Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer

		  Current COO Jeffrey A. Jones Announces Retirement
		

Feb 22, 2011, 15:35 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Chico's FAS, Inc. 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







Corporate Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Chico's Fas)    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




Corporate Logo.  (PRNewsFoto/Chico's Fas)
 


 

 




 





 


FORT MYERS, Fla., Feb. 22, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Chico's FAS, Inc. (NYSE:   CHS) today announced that it has appointed Kent A. Kleeberger to the position of Executive Vice President – Chief Operating Officer.  Mr. Kleeberger is assuming the position currently held by Jeffrey A. Jones, who is retiring from the company effective March 7, 2011.  Mr. Jones has agreed to serve as part-time consultant to the company during a transition period. 
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20091112/FL09527LOGO )
President & CEO David F. Dyer commented, "Jeff Jones' contribution to the success of the company during his two years as COO is immeasurable.  He has been a valued and trusted advisor to me, my executive team and our board of directors." 
Kent A. Kleeberger, 58, has served as Executive Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Chico's FAS since joining the company in November 2007.  From 2004 through October 2007, Mr. Kleeberger was the senior vice president-chief financial officer for Dollar Tree Stores, Inc.  From 1998 to 2004, he served in numerous capacities for Tween Brands, Inc., now part of Ascena Retail Group, Inc., culminating in his appointment as executive vice president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, secretary and treasurer.  Prior to that, Mr. Kleeberger served in various financial positions with The Limited, Inc.  Mr. Kleeberger serves on the board of directors of Shoe Carnival, Inc. and is chairman of their audit committee.
Chico's FAS has retained an executive recruitment firm to conduct a nationwide search for a chief financial officer, a search that will include internal candidates.  Mr. Kleeberger will remain the company's principal financial officer and principal accounting officer until a replacement is appointed. 
ABOUT CHICO'S FAS, INC.
The Company is a women's specialty retailer of private branded, sophisticated, casual-to-dressy clothing, intimates, complementary accessories, and other non-clothing gift items.  The Company operates 1,151 specialty stores, including stores in 48 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico.
The Chico's brand currently operates 596 boutique and 65 outlet stores, publishes a catalog during key shopping periods throughout the year, and conducts e-commerce at www.chicos.com.
White House | Black Market currently operates 342 boutique and 21 outlet stores, publishes a catalog highlighting its latest fashions and conducts e-commerce at www.whbm.com.
Soma Intimates is the Company's developing concept with 119 boutique stores and 8 outlet stores today. Soma Intimates also publishes a catalog for its customers and conducts e-commerce at www.soma.com.
SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
Certain statements contained herein, including without limitation, statements addressing the beliefs, plans, objectives, estimates or expectations of the Company or future results or events constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Such forward-looking statements involve known or unknown risks, including, but not limited to, general economic and business conditions, and conditions in the specialty retail industry. There can be no assurance that the actual future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements will occur. Users of forward-looking statements are encouraged to review the Company's latest annual report on Form 10-K, its filings on Form 10-Q, management's discussion and analysis in the Company's latest annual report to stockholders, the Company's filings on Form 8-K, and other federal securities law filings for a description of other important factors that may affect the Company's business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company does not undertake to publicly update or revise its forward-looking statements even if experience or future changes make it clear that projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized.
For more detailed information on Chico's FAS, Inc., please go to our corporate website, www.chicosfas.com.
Executive Contact:
Robert C. Atkinson
Vice President-Investor Relations
Chico's FAS, Inc.
(239) 274-4199


 SOURCE  Chico's FAS, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.chicos.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Feb 23, 2011, 07:30 ET
Preview: Chico's FAS, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter Earnings Per Share of $0.12 vs. $0.10




















Feb 17, 2011, 09:00 ET
Preview: Chico's FAS, Inc. Announces Fourth Quarter Sales and Earnings Conference Call








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











May 24, 2017, 07:30 ET
Chico's FAS, Inc. Declares Cash Dividend of $0.0825 Per Share














May 24, 2017, 07:30 ET
Chico's FAS, Inc. to Webcast Presentation from the 2017 RBC...














May 24, 2017, 07:30 ET
Chico's FAS, Inc. Reports First Quarter Results











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 